This place doesn't need my review. But I love it so I'll do it anyway.This is my hands down favorite pizza in Seattle. Delancey's has an excellent chocolate chip cookie, very good Neapolitan style pizza and a lovely ambiance, but when it comes to the business of eating pizza (and only pizza) I come here. I come at judicious times because the waits are ridiculous, I order a buffalo mozzarella pizza, I eat the whole thing, and I leave.I can't order this pizza to go, while it is still good pizza, in the fifteen minutes it takes me to get it home it has already degraded into something that is less than what I know it can be.In conclusion, go, and go right when they open or tough it out and have a drink with your buddies at a nearby bar while you wait an hour and a half + for a table.I won't lie, I had not done my research and actually thought this restaurant sold PIES. It was slightly disappointing, but thin-crusted pizza isn't bad either! My party of seven split four pizzas (each able to feed one to two people). 1) The sweet fennel sausage was the best in my opinion and a must have, possibly because its large chunks of meat made it more desirable and delicious. 2) The arugula and soft egg pizza was good, though not worthy of much recognition. It's easy to imagine the flavors involved (bitter, salty), and though interesting and irresistible to some, was okay to me. 3) The clam pizza was most disappointing as I hardly saw any clams or tasted anything resembling seafood on the pizza. The restaurant's infamous pies may be worth a shot, but beware of long wait times and a selection that leaves slightly more to be desired.2 months ago:"Steve Gordon?" I asked querulously.  "Jeff Thompson?" I guessed, now a little unsure.  "Jon 'Bonez' Jones?" I ventured a wild ass guess..."Tom Douglas!  Tom Douglas! How many times do I have to tell you, Tom Douglas?!" she replied, her resolve finally cracking under my repeated inability to remember Serious Pie's progenitor cum co-owner."Oh yeah...  I knew it was one of those generic American names.  Come on babe, they all sound alike to me", I said flippantly, echoing my childhood and how various round eyed gwei-lo's remarks usually centered around their inability to tell us Asians apart.Cue today:So, Serious Pie is pretty solid...  In your author's humble opinion, I'd say that things were slightly overpriced, but I guess Mr. Douglas is Seattle's answer to Mario Batali (at least comparing their willingness to open up multiple restaurants with differing concepts) and so I suppose he's got a right to charge Pizzeria Mozza fares.  Still, I don't think many will disagree that $20 for a personal sized pizza is pretty steep and is not an everyday occurrence.As many have claimed before me, the fennel sausage is quite tasty and would be simply mind boggling if I hadn't tried the same combination of delicious flavors before.  We had some sort of veggie based pizza as well that was tasty but got the Asian in me thinking to myself, "damn, they totally got us with the low food cost on this item" shtick that I break out once in a while.  Then again, pizza is inherently a very low food cost item, which totally explains why there are so many Korean owned pizzerias around.  Chocolate budino with sea salt finished the meal and was delicious as budino almost always is.To Serious Pie's credit, I will say that the Chianti that we ordered was surprisingly good and reasonably priced at only $45 for the bottle.  Silverton/Batali would've totally charged $80 for it and justify the price gouging by training the server on how to pronounce the vintage in completely over-the-top Italian like Dino de Laurentiis' granddaughter.  (eater.com/archives/2011/…)TLDR:  a good place for high end pizza if you don't mind the wait and the slight premium to dine at a Tom Douglas joint.  See, I got it this time, baby...  *finger pistols*I was looking forward to coming here, but it was just all right.  Not bad, not great. For pizza, they had little to choose from and the crust was bland and burnt on one side. Ingredients were fresh, but I couldn't get over how small the pizza was nor how flavorless the crust.There's nothing to the decor.  Seating is cramped and they don't take reservations unless you want to promise a few hundred dollars for the table in the kitchen.This eatery is overrated and overpriced. Parking: 1Service: 2Food: 3Ambiance: 2Great service. Great food. Looooonnnng wait - but worth it. I'm not going to fault a restaurant for a long wait. We had no reservations and the place was packed. That's a good thing. The pie creations were creative, not intimidating, and totally DELICIOUS. Can't wait to go back.I've never heard of an egg pizza. But I'd take whatever they serve here :) The mushroom pizza was a flavorful journey. So glad my husband took me here. Taking one star off because of the crowded and compact interiors (though can't blame them if SO MANY people come flocking for their food!). We were sitting so close to a group of diners, it felt like a bus AND I could almost taste the food on the next table. Panna Cotta was a surprise! I like happy endings :)Seriously good pizza and good beer selection.  Note that you may share a table with others.  And as far as I could tell, they don't have a/c.  Dress light if you visit on a hot day.  A tiny space + no a/c + a roaring pizza oven = very warm inside.Great variety of interesting pies with good crust. Nice lunchtime vibe - busy but fun. Usually enormous lines so choose your time carefully.I love the pizza here. We usually go here for happy hour. They have specials and rotate different pizzas. My favorite is the truffled mushroom or the pizza with egg. The service is great as well, someone accidentally spilled beer on their pizza and got a whole new one.This was the first Tom Douglas restaurant I visited. It was ok. Personalized pizzas (but kind of large enough for two to share if you also get an appetizer) at very premium prices. I thought it was pretty pricey for what it was. Based on Yelp recommendations, I went for the sweet fennel sausage pizza. It was tasty, but way too salty! Can we please not overdo it on the sodium?I also tried the asparagus appetizer. That was delicious, and I enjoyed it very much.Excellent. The mushroom pizza is amazing.I've eaten here just about every time I've visited Seattle. This place lives up to the hype, no joke. Every pizza I've tried has been phenomenal, and my husband, who is quite a picky foodie, absolutely loved this place as well. Good variety of unique pizzas while also offering more "traditional" pizzas for those who wanna go with the old tried and true ( :Go. To. Here. Worth the wait, worth every penny.Spouse loved his Margherita pizza but my mushroom pizza was mixed.  Good crust.  Maybe great crust.  Great mushrooms, not at all soggy.  But the truffle cheese was just a bit too strange and cloying and I wish it had just been cheese and salt and garlic and mushrooms.  Still, it was above average pizza.  I wanted to try the coconut pie and will feel forever deprived that the spouse wanted to share a cannoli.  Was that goat cheese in the ricotta?  It was interesting, but the shell was slightly overbaked/fried and I'm still in search of a cannoli that makes me happy to be alive, and I will likely go to my grave believing that, if I'd only had the coconut cream pie, that would suffice.PS- the wait staff here is great.DeliciousLong wait but worth it!! They have a community seating restaurant which adds to the charm of the place.  Good beer selection and local wines.  Appetizer we tried was the morel mushroom and fresh pea plate- yummy!  We each ordered a handmade pizza- margarita, mushroom and sweet onion and truffle cheese and soft egg with prosciutto.  All were perfectly baked in the large wood fired pizza oven.  Only complaint was the very loud party of 8 men seated next to us.  Their loud sounds made it difficult to have a conversation.Love the thin crust.Excellent thin crust pizza pie.  Arrived at an odd hour, about 2pm on a Wednesday and it was pretty much empty, which was great for us.  Service was super friendly and answered all of our questions upon being seated.We ordered the charcuterie board and it was almost too pretty to eat.  Several types of meats on it, crackers, sauce and house pickles.  It was a nice starter and kind of refreshing.  Did not expect something like this from a pizza place.  We also shared one pizza, which was perfect for the two of us.  We decided on the sweet fennel sausage and it was to die for.  A perfect thin crust pizza with very fresh ingredients.  All the flavors meshed well.  The pizza is oval shaped and probably about a 10-12 inches long.  Couple of things to note - it's kind of pricey.  Pizza, starter, and one non-alchy drink was over $50.  Also, if you want to try the fruit soda type drink (don't remember what fruit, not grape), beware it's super sour and acidic.  Was kind of interesting but definitely not a flavor I'm used to.If you don't mind waiting for a table, this place is awesome. Went there with a few friends last weekend and we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a shared table with another couple. We had three different pies and were not disappointed. The mushroom pizza was a favorite among us all. The clam pizza  - not so much, but that could just be us. The crust on all the pizzas is amazing.I can't remember which one we went to when visiting Seattle but it was close to Whole Foods on Westlake. Anyway, had the mushroom pizza and it was good while hot until it got a little colder and you could taste the saltiness in the pizza. On the other hand my bf had the egg and meat pizza (forgot the name) and I regret not ordering that one instead. We'll have to try it again to be sure.Serious-ly overpricedSerious-ly underwhelmedSerious-ly wish I went somewhere else.The dough/crust was good, but the toppings were lacking. Ordered the potato pie and the mushroom truffle pie. Not even a hint of truffle flavor and there were barely any cheese/mushrooms on the pie. Same goes for the potato pie. Thinly sliced potatoes (some slices had as little as 2 slices of potato on them) not enough cheese... only strong flavor was the rosemary. For the price of a pie I would at least like to not be touching elbows with the person next to me. Overall this was just fancy overpriced bread.OMG THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD!!! the pizza is seriously that good... my family and I got the fennel sausage pizza ..... omgall the flavors just meshed so well ...I'm even thinkin about ordering another one... !!!Seats 42 lucky customers.  My favorite is the fennel sausage pizza. On our first trip, we were with six friends and we tried all the pizzas..we had to go back the next night...we all ordered the fennel sausage...makes my mouth water!!!!  My friend is an accomplished pizza maker, but he bows to Serious Pie.That was 5 years ago....not the same now..too thick dough, too much sauce, too much sausage...not the pizza artisans of yore!!!  The worst was that they way over-salted the pizza and no one cared when we complained. Just proves that you shouldn't go back!Out of all the Tom Douggie spots in Seattle this is my fav.  One of the best places to go for Happy Hour and a Beer.  The pies are a Neapolitan like pizza, thin puffy pastry like crust, it's chewy and crispy at the same time, and great menu of pies that all of them are worth the Stomach Space for.  I swear, in the Wood Fire Oven there must be magical Charmanders from Pokemon perfecting each and every pie.Food:Fennel Sausage- This one is my favorite.  The Sausage is sweet and pairs so good with the Fennel spice to even bring out more of that meaty flavor.  The Margarita Red Bo$$ sauce is superb, and the cheese is so good.  One day I wanna reinvent this Pie to put it on my Chautime Secret Menu and tell them to use the Truffle Cheese to see if it will put it on another level of awesomeness.Soft Egg and Prosciutto- My second fav is this one.   It's actually pretty amazing because I think the only time I really have greens in my diet is eating this dish.  The Soft Egg is perfectly cooked sitting in the middle so every bite starts off good, Prosciutto is salty and a good balance with the greens, and the Arugula adds a really good texutre to the pie.  Only room for improvement to this pie is to have a Soft Egg on each slice of pie and that would be foodporn eggporn.Penn Cove Clam Pie- Great love the Pancetta Pork Belly, mixes really well with the Clams, and the Lemon Thyme makes makes the pie really refreshing. Yukon Potato Pie- Makes me feel like I'm eating a Cheese  Pizza with French Fries.It might just be me but I think I prefer this location over the SLU location I feel like the crust tastes way better here.  Also don't forget to use the Chili Flakes to sprinkle on your Pizza to make that Pie Twinkle and Sparkle!!!So delicious! Came here for happy hour, good prices, friendly service and lovely relaxing atmosphere.I adore pizza, but I was really disappointed by Serious Pie.  I tried the mortadella pizza, and it was so disgusting I couldn't even finish it.  I've almost never met a pizza I didn't like (well enough).  Blech.  Also the counter-style tables and tall chairs were pretty uncomfortable, and I didn't really want to be all up in my neighbor's business.Excellency choices of pizza! Love their crispy and not too doughy crust. We ordered the last 4 pizzas on the menu: sweet fennel sausage, clam, truffle cheese mushroom, and soft egg with prosciutto. Personally I loved the truffle cheese while my brother liked the sweet fennel sausage. All were really good though and had interesting toppings. The pizza is not too oily which makes it even better. Worth a visit if you've never been! Might wanna come early though. We ate at 6:30pm and beat the rush of people that lined up minutes after we sat down.After reading tons of ecstatic reviews about Serious Pie and listening to my brother and co-worker wax poetic about the restaurant, I tried both the original and Westlake locations:Original Location:- Fairly quick 20-minute wait at prime time on a weekend. We added our name to the list, did some shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond and came back a few minutes before seats opened up. FYI, tables are often shared with other parties. We ordered the Yukon Gold Potato Pizza and Seasonal Roasted Mushroom Pizza. Both were good, with crunchy, airy thin crusts with abundant toppings. Service was friendly. Westlake Location:- Gets really crowded during weekday lunches given its proximity to the Amazon campus. Had the Prosciutto, Egg and Arugula Pizza and enjoyed every bite. Service was fast and friendly.My favorite pizza joint is still Keste in West Village in NYC (where I once saw Kelsey Grammar being made to wait for a table - the owner mentioned that Grammar swings by 3x a week), but Serious Pie serves it up well.Some serious pie.  The pizzas are delicious.  Creative toppings like truffle and soft boiled egg.  Everything you want in a pizza is here: flavor, cheese, toppings, delicious crust, and beer!  One of my go to spots for pizza in Seattle for sure!For the price and presentation I was pleased. For my taste buds to be satisfied I was really happy. I heard about this place from my coworker and I was thrilled about this place. Fast service, I ordered my pizza to go and walked down to their pier. Nice spot!OMG! What a great pizza/pie joint! I was very iffy trying pizza in Seattle because I tried them all in NYC, Chi-town and Cali. This place exceeded all of my expectations! I am so glad I got to experience this place! I had the mushroom and truffle oil pie and added on their house made sausage.It was so good that I had to get a take out order the next day and brought it back to California for my family to try. Pizza in Seattle?? Yes do it here at Serious Pie! Boom!The Seriously Overhyped Pie.The mushroom pizza that was featured on the food network was a very boring and flavourless pie. The dough was the best part and sadly, I did not pay that much money for bread. It was a cool little place with great service but the only reason I went was for the pie.The quest for the best pizza in Seattle continues.Can't compare to other pizza places since I'm not from the area but I thought it was pretty good. Their pizza is oval shaped and is big enough for 2 people who don't eat a lot or aren't too hungry. The menu isn't too big...there's probably like 5-7 kinds of pizza to choose from.My boyfriend and I got the egg pizza and it was pretty tasty! The egg yolk isn't cooked all the way and it's topped with spinach and thinly cut meat (that I have no idea what it's called lol). The pizza is thin and crispy and the crust is airy inside...yum! I thought it was overpriced for $17 a pizza but it's not tooooo bad considering that it tasted good.The place isn't too big and does get busy during lunch. We got lucky and got a table before a waitlist formed.Amazing pizza! Was skeptical, they proved me wrong.Taste was great. Price was fair. Service could be better but considering how busy it was, I was okay with it.Highly recommend this place!good but overpriced.I was just in Seattle for a business trip and we really wanted to have some pizza!  The pizza was delicious!  We had almost no wait and the service was great!  For Neapolitan style pizza I thought the price was right!  If I'm ever in Seattle again I will go back!Of the two days I stayed in Seattle, my friends and I made it a point to come here after reading all the rave reviews. With SF offering an array of pizza, Serious pie has Serious standards to meet! This restaurant is one of Tom Douglas' restaurants, so I've learned, and since we ate Lola's the day before, I was hoping it would be just as delicious! But unfortunately, Serious Pie failed to distinguish itself as a serious contender. I love crust and though it is good here, it didn't quite hit it home for me. We tried the fennel sausage pizza with red sauce (the only pizza with red sauce) and the truffle cheese with mushroom pizza. Happy hour goes from 3-6pm M-F with half sized pizzas for $6. Its not a must try on my list but certainly beats other pizzas.Quite possibly the best pizza I've ever had.My wife, baby daughter, and I went for a happy hour on a visit to Seattle. Upon entering, the welcoming staff made us feel right at home. And it just got better from there.The helpful waiter had great info about this beers and helped us decide on the right number of $6 half-pies. We picked three -- the buffalo mozzarella, yukon potato, and penn cove clams. Oh. My. Lord. The slightly salted crust was the perfect base for delicious toppings. The cheese was perfect, the potatoes were crisp, and the clams (and pancetta) had some surprising heat and just out-of-this-world flavor. I didn't want any of them to end.It's so good that we're planning a trip back by the end of the week. This isn't a place you should add to your list of restaurants to try. You should go now. Immediately.Serious Pie? Seriously?!?! This place should be called "Serious Flatbreads." For me, when I hear the word pie, I think of a saucy, soft, doughy bread, not an airy, chip-like crust.I didn't do any research on the place, because enough people told me how Serious Pie is a must when visiting Seattle. That was a mistake on my part. As you probably guessed, I'm not a fan of saucy flatbreads. What I do have to admit though was the quality of ingredients were fresh and the "pies were expertly made. I ordered the mushroom truffle and the prosciutto arugula "pies" and in terms of flavor, they were very good. My one gripe about it, was the texture, but that's just my personal preference. Had they used the same ingredients on thick dough (either thin crust like NY or thick crust), I would've given this place a 5 star rating.Because of the popularity of the place, expect a wait. If you're in a small party, you'll most likely be sharing a table with a different group. Almost felt like a Vietnamese restaurant in that regard.Took the pizza making class with a friend who is a Yelp Elite (so I knew I couldn't miss this one) class topped out at 14 people, so fun! Learned a lot about their dough making process (4 days total, wow). We did a small cheese tasting of the 4 cheeses they use, I had to refrain myself around the truffle cheese, so yummy.When we were putting our pizzas in the oven my friend and I noticed a basket of eggs by the wood fix oven, and yes they offer an egg cooked on your pizza, of course we had to try and it was delisious. They poured a glass of Chianti for each attendee of the class, I don't really like red wine but this was amazing!! Had a great experience and an awesome first introduction to Serious Pie. I liked it so much I went to their sister location for breakfast on south lake union the next weekend, Serious Biscuit...review coming soon :)Visiting from out-of-town and chose this spot on-the-fly while Yelping Seattle pizza yesterday eve. Thanks to the trained pizza professionals here, my sons (ages 10 $ 12), finally graduated from cardboard pizza (the ones where you can see the "this side up" stamp on the underside of the crust", to true, tasty and robust artisan "serious pie"! Buffalo mozzarella with tomato/basil will baptize you!I enjoyed the pizza BUT I have had better or equally as good pizza in NYC. Although they use fresh, creative ingredients for their pizza pies, they are overpriced at $17 for a personal size pizza. You can get a large pie to share for that price in NYC!!Worth it at HH though! $6 for any half size pie! M-F 3-5pm. It goes well with a $5 glass of red wine and I'm happy :)Really good pizza but more artisan in style. If you're used to Dominos and Pizza Hut, you may not like the pizza here as much. They have a decent HH here, but be forewarned, it gets crowded here quickly.Its a good Neopolitan Pie with good ingredients, but the venue and prices are poor. Tom Douglas I think? It's like he had a few cubic feet of attic left and decided to cram an extremely hot oven into a very cramped space. For the price I can think of too many other pie places that would satisfy my cravings without making me troll through his dungeon.Yes, the pies are good. I ordered the clam and was surprised that there were not a lot of clams considering the price $$$. However, I must say that I obviously was not buying this pie by the pound. The pie was very good. I didn't need a heavy pie. I paid for the exquisite idea that put that pie together. Four stars - only because it was quite pricey - but everybody should eat at least one of these.The food here is pretty good, and there are a lot of interesting pizza options. The main issue is that it is expensive, and the happy hour is in the middle of the workday (3-5pm) so anyone with typical work hours can't take advantage. Not helpful. This place is a novelty that is fun to try, but overall I think you can find better pizza in Seattle for cheaper.Amazing pizza! I got the arugula prosciutto and egg pizza. So great!This place has very nice very interesting pizzas. By interesting, I mean that there is a pizza that has egg on it (which I find weird - I mean, come on, egg on a pizza - uggh). I believe they will make everything vegetarian if you ask them.The best pizza is still the Mushroom, Truffle oil pizza. The truffle oil really makes it stand out.The pizzas are personal size - if you are hungry you may be left wanting after one. On my most recent visit I tried out the Panacotta. I was surprised - I did not expect such an excellent dish. It was flavourful and not too heavy and is a beautiful way to finish the meal.The restaurant is usually crowded (especially evenings) and it is likely you will end up waiting and/or having to share your table. This is not the place to go for intimate conversations unless you go at 4pm and sit at the back.Overall, this is one of the must-eat-at-least-once places in Seattle. Or to rephrase, if you are downtown and having a hard time deciding where to go and what to eat just go here - you will step out bellyful smiling.My hubby and I are visiting Seattle for the first time and I had a hard core craving for pizza. When looking on yelp, I saw that the serious pie had tons of yummy pictures of their pies. So of course we had to give it a try. We got seated right away. They have community tables so be prepared to sit next to strangers.. We didn't mind it that much since their was a seat gap between each of us and the other party.. The other party was very loud. This place is definitely not a place where you can be on an intimate date.. Please keep that in mind:)My husband and I ordered the fennel sausage pizza w/ roasted red peppers and the Yukon gold potato w/ rosemary and Pecorino cheese. I have to say out of the two, my favorite was the fennel sausage. I just like to load a lot of chili flakes on my pizza which was very good w/ the fennel sausage. I felt that the Yukon gold pizza was missing something, like a meat.. Next time I would have liked to add prosciutto to it. The crust was out of this world! Thin and crunchy yet soft.. I can't really explain, but it is good! My hubby and I liked to dip our pizza in ranch. Unfortunately, they don't have that. Only a side of olive oil w/ your pizza. Which we politely declined:)My hubby had two beers I had a root beer float and took to the hotel a slice of their coconut creme pie.. The root bear float had only one small scoop of ice cream.. I would have liked more to be honest. The coconut cream pie was good. It came w/ 3 strawberries and lots of toasted coconut.. There was not much crust, which in my opinion offsets all the cream, but none the less still very tasty. Our total bill was about $65. Not bad and I would definitely recommend this place and I would definitely go back.. Great service and great pizza overall.Went here for happy hour and had a great selection to choose from pizzas along with some good beer. Serious Pie offered some unique choices and toppings which was niceMy girlfriend and I were visiting Seattle and I had a pizza craving on a Memorial Day holiday.We had a sweet fennel sausage/provolone (one of two red pizzas on the menu) and a prosciutto/arugala. Pizzas are a little different in that they are oval shaped, but cooked neopalitan style in a wood fire stove. Crust came out nice and crispy while the middle was cooked with just the right amount of doneness (if that's a word...).Our server was very attentive and friendly. Ambiance is jovial but I wouldn't expect a private dinner since most of the tables are tall and seating is on high chairs. We shared a table with another couple but had some space between us. Didn't bother us.Overall, a solid dining experience.Been here a couple times now and have tried all of their pizzas on the menu! My favorite is the mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza and my least favorite is the penn cove clams pizza. The clams pizza is too spicy and tasted too much like the sea for me. Overall good pizza, good service though! The downtown Seattle location is a lot smaller than the south lake union one and with the downtown location, sometimes you will have to share tables with strangers. So if you wanted private conversation, you might want to consider going to the south lake union location!Not to be confused with your standard pizza parlor, Serious Pie is a unique spin on the norm. You won't find the everyday pepperoni here, but the gourmet options they do feature are unique and delicious. I've tried the sweet fennel sausage and one of the daily specials (white sauce, prosciutto, scallions, and a few other additions that escape me at the moment).A variety of sauces, and not your everyday toppings, all cooked in their wood fired stove... Prcey for pizza, but a great place to go when you want a little bit of class injected into your pie.Solidly tasty upscale-style pizza (good quality ingredients, specifically selected, very minimalist), with a great location.It's not the best value for the price, but it's definitely worth going to. Rule of thumb: Does $16 for a personal cheese pizza sound like something you'd pause at, or not? (It is an *excellent* $16 buffalo mozzarella pizza, mind)If you don't mind the price, it's well worth going to.Wait time is awful exponentially as your group size gets larger, but man is it worth it once you sit down.  I can't stop getting the Yukon Gold Potato pizza here, it's just too good to try to explore the other options.  Fun atmosphere, stylish and casual.  Price is moderately affordable.My friend and I came here for lunch.  We wanted to come during Happy Hour for the deals but we were in a rush.  We shared the Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Fresh Basil (added sausage).  This is not your traditional pizza, thin crust and simply delicious!  Definitely, worth a try.Great down town Seattle pizza. Pizza size is good for one person.  You can split a pizza if you have a starter salad or an appetizer. Service was great, informative, friendly, and fast.Pizza was ordered and took less than 8 minutes to get to our table. I love that. Tables are set up for parties of 4-8. If you are in a party of two expect to sit at a larger table and have someone sit next to you. Not a bit deal just be aware. Best part of the experience was the pizza. 16.00$ beer 6. Wine 11.Tried to come several times but the wait was always too long. Finally here and not disappointed. I got the seasonal mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. The mushrooms were the bomb and I loved the pizza overall. It's like a party in your mouth, and everyone's invited.   Also tried my friends soft eggs and prosciutto pizza as well as the sweet fennel sausage pizza. I liked my truffle cheese the best. The crust is great, but slightly burnt.Serious Pie is seriously delicious - and that's exactly what you'd expect from a Tom Douglas restaurant. During my visit I tried the seasonal mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. As someone who HATES mushrooms, I only tried it because it came highly recommended, but still, I wasn't expecting much. I was quite surprised by how much I enjoyed it. And I'm even more surprised by the fact that I would order it again. Pros:Variety of different types of pizzasTasty, quality pizzaCons:PriceyNot a lot of spaceWent here during happy hour which is the best time to go if you want to sample all their pizza pie.  We had the sweet fennel sausage and clam pie & both were delish.  And yes don't forget to try their coconut cream pie which is the BEST ever!!!!I liked it!Had a great late lunch here, we ordered the sausage and basic (mozzarella/basil) pizzas. The pies were so simple, yet so delicious. I've been to many more upscale pizza joints, but this one somehow comes up way on top!Pie, I mean pizza!Ordered my pizza to go because the wait was to long,Clam Pizza - $18 - The pizza was nicely cooked in their wood fire oven but I do not think it was the best pizza I ever had. Toppings had good flavor. I know pizza should not be packed with toppings but I would have liked a better topping ratio. All the toppings were in the middle of the pizza and the top was like 3 inches of crust. For the price, the pizza was small also.Good to try because of the reviews, but would not come back.Went to this place for late lunch and it was great!  Probably the best pizza sauce I have ever tasted.  The place is a little small and they will seat you next to complete strangers if you don't have a big enough party.  Pizza is amazing and service was great.  Would definitely come back here again.This pizza restaurant is surely unlike any other I have gone to or experienced. The food is always very presentable and delicious which isn't something to be said of any old pizzeria that's for sure. Love this place.Soft cooked egg on a pizza? Aint nothing wrong with thatim usually a big meat eater, but their mushroom pizza is out of this world.Absolutely delicious! I loved the wood-fire cooked pizza! Went there with my dad for lunch and I definitely want to come back for more. The environment was awesome and the smell of the fire and pizza was spectacular.Definitely did not live up to the hype. As with most TD restaurants, this was full of tourists for our Sunday afternoon early dinner. The pizzas were overly salty, each salted by hand by the chefs. The ingredients were overpowered by the salt. One pizza had housemade prosciutto was turned into jerky while cooked in their wood fired oven. The greens added to both pizzas are usually a great addition but again too heavy handed.  Best part was agonizing indigestion for both my dining partner and me. Yeah! 2 stars for attentive,  knowledgeable staff. Staff that is dealing with 80% tourists with silly requests, "close the door, it is freezing in here!" while it is sunny and 68 out. Staff made a great suggestion for our picky eater child and she gives them 5 stars.I have been to the location in Belltown once, and in SLU once.  Overall, I think this restaurant is just ok and does not live up to its hype/reputation.  The pizza to me was just ok.  Same with drinks and appetizers.  Nothing was bad, but I didn't particularly enjoy anything either, or have anything that I saw as a standout.  On top of that, I think there are many WAY better restaurants in the area with a similar price point.  However, on the plus side, they do have a nice beer list and I love the layout/decor of the SLU location.Serious pie is absurdly delicious, nominally pretentious, and intimate all at once. All pizzas are mind-blowing as are their desserts (panna cotta kicks butt!).Pies rotate based on available ingredients -- you can't go wrong -- but, for the love of God/science, if you see a pizza with morel mushrooms on it, get it. That one is the best one.RE: Michael's Toyota of BellevueMichael's car salesmen have always sold me the right car - not pushing their profits to a higher level. The car salesman I ALWAYS go to is Nick Shelton. He listens to my needs, knows his stock, and has always recommended the right car for me. This was a certified pre-owned (extended warranty) Prius when I had a 60 mile commute; another time a RAV 4 small 4wd SUV when I moved to 500 feet on a mountain.I'll always go to Michael's Toyota because: 1. their stock is large (no waiting weeks for delivery, and 2. Nick S. listens and sells to my needs and NOT his need for the month.Tom Issaquah, WAHad the apricot beer which was great. I split the mushroom truffle cheese pizza with my wife. It is her favorite. It was good but not my favorite pizza here. I like the margarita pizza.We made sure to stop here before we left Seattle, since everyone we talked to recommended it. We were seated within 5 mins for a late lunch & decided to order the white truffle oil & mushroom pie, & now I know why it's all the rage! The truffle oil was def delicious, & I loved the different mushrooms they used (rather than your basic white/crimini mushroom). They also sprinkled kosher salt over it, which complimented the flavors nicely (except for when I got a bite that had one too many salt grains). Anywho, def a must try if you're in Seattle. Oh, and it's right across from Lola's, another must!The Food: I should begin by saying that I am notoriously picky, and my palette has been described by some as 'raccoon-like' or 'college.' I am often picked last to sample wines and am often scoffed at when work colleagues attempt to plan an ethnic dinner out.  Even so, the food here was good. Those that prefer legitimately fresh and/or organic ingredients will be pleased with the food quality here. Though they are not overly showy about it, you can taste everything from the root beer to the tomato sauce and tell that it is locally sourced. The Atmosphere: Given my description of my own palette, it should come as no small surprise that I offended the wait staff by ordering off menu. I asked for a pizza with sausage and pepperoni to share with my wife, who is equally picky. The resulting macro expression across her face was akin to what you might expect from one of Dr. House's patients who'd contracted terminal leprosy. Evidently, pepperoni is not a part of a serious pie, as they do not serve it. So, though not an overwhelming breeze of 'I shop at Whole-Foods so I am better than you,' you might expect an occasional waft of smug through the restaurant.Conclusion:  Definitely a great place to eat if you are walking Seattle and want to grab a relaxed bite to eat. Excellent food, perhaps the freshest pizza I have ever eaten. Just make sure to hold your tattooed hipster pinky outward when you talk to the wait staff, lest you be judged unworthy of the establishment.I love SERIOUS PIE! P and I came here after we visited the Chihuly Glass Museum and wanted something to eat. It was between pizza and sammiches, and everyone knows my unrequited love for pizza! So, pizza it is! We barely made it just in time for Happy Hour and luckily the staff was very accommodating and still let us order from the Happy Hour menu, so we could have more variety. Service was awesome, our waiter even gave us the Wifi password when he saw us poking at our iPad while waiting for our food. It wasn't too crowded, but the communal tables were a little squishy or that could be my mild claustrophobia talking. The people who sat near us were friendly though and casually conversed with us about how long we were visiting and what other yummy foodventures we've been to in Seattle. We ordered three half-sized pizzas to share (see photo) and they we're all delicious! My favorite was the Fennel Sausage one, then the one with the egg and then the mozzarella one.I just wished I had room for dessert!I wanted to love this place so bad! I'm obsessed with brick oven pizza - the ONLY type of pizza I'll eat!I was taught to always try something at least twice before you determine it's not for you! After the second time, I knew this wasn't the place for me! I despise restaurants that are priced well beyond their quality of food. I think the hype of it all is that it's a Tom Douglas restaurant. Plus you ALWAYS have to share tables with other diners (unless your party is the entire table). That's a date night no no!I can't remember what we ordered the first time around (not memorable), but the second time I went, we got the Margherita ($16) and Mushroom with Truffle Cheese ($17) - not impressive and incredibly small!Staff was friendly - but nothing out of the ordinary with restaurant service.Boo!I'd say go over to Humble Pie, get yourself a local, organic, wholesome brick oven pizza for $8-12 with some down to earth, incredibly friendly staff - PLUS plenty of elbow room =)Pizza on another level. I had the truffle mushroom pizza. My palette picks up on spices pretty easily and this was a savory treat. Cracked black pepper was just right and the cheese wasn't over piled like some place. Two thumbs up from me!I think this restaurant is just "Seriously Okay."  I heard a lot of buzz about this place before we moved to Seattle so I was eager to eat here.  Apparently, Tom Douglas is a local star chef in this town and his food is supposedly really good.  The first time I came to Serious Pie was while I was on a food tour (Savor Seattle).  The pizza wasn't that memorable but the tour guide kept on raving about the pizzas here.  I thought that maybe I didn't have the full experience coming here the first time so I decided to come here again with a couple of friends.  I feel like the pizzas are seriously over-priced and I wasn't exactly impressed with the pizza's flavors.  I thought the pizzas were yummy but not that good to be charging $15-$18 for a small sized pizza.  I'm not that great of a cook but I could make a pizza similar to theirs by going to Trader Joe's and picking up some pie crust and other ingredients.  Their Serious Biscuit is worth trying though.  Again, small portions but pretty dang tasty.  The chicken is cooked very nicely where it i flakey but not dry.  The biscuit is okay.  This is about $10.  After going to this place three times, I really still don't understand why this place is so popular.  I don't think it is a bad restaurant but it isn't exactly THAT good.Great pizzas, good ambiance, very expensive. Went with a friend who convinced me we had to go. It is definitely a good food, but there are equally good pizzas elsewhere in the city for a fraction of the price.I am not sure why this place is so popular.  It just seems like a trendy "pizza" joint to me.   The pizzas have odd toppings, the place is so crowded that you can barely sit comfortably or hear yourself talking to who you are with.  And they are not really keen on substituting anything on a pizza for something else. The crowded part would be ok if we were in a city like NY, where people actually talk to you, make conversation, ask you how you are, make friends, chat etc.  But with the Seattle Freeze, sitting too close to someone is like the worst thing a Seattleite can experience in their day. I want REAL pizza, BIG pepperoni, cheesy, and big beer.   I want conversation and I don't want to pay 20.00 for goat cheese. But hey that is just me.  Pretty sure we wont go here again. Oh and don't forget about the service, there isn't any.  If you want to be waited on you have to practically get up and ask to be served. Seattle people are weird when it comes to some of the Food Trends they like.  I am not sure this "serious" joint will last long.I was between 4 and 5 stars for this place. Going here for happy hour put it over the top. Their pizzas tend to be on the pricier side, but if you come during happy hour you can get half pizzas for $6 (which is four small to medium slices). This allows you to try a good selection of pizzas without breaking the bank. This is the second time I've been here and we ordered the buffalo mozzarella, yukon potato, and the mushroom truffle pizzas. I LOVED the mushroom truffle pizza and found the buffalo mozarella pretty tasty. The yukon potato was just okay (and probably not one that I would get again). I also really liked their crust, which was crispy and not too thing. The service was great. I also liked the high bar stool seating and appreciated that they keep their restroom spotless. They have an okay selection of beer and wine (which are reduced during happy hour). My friend and I both ordered the chocolate stout, which was okay (but we came for the pizza so no big deal). Definitely a place you should stop, especially during happy hour.The pizza is delicious. We got the $6 happy hour pie and it was perfect size. 3 of us shared 4 of them which is a great deal and opportunity to try other flavors. We also got dessert which was just as good as the pizza.  I can't wait To come back againGood pizza, but a little overpriced and over-rated. I don't know if Seattle is like Vancouver in that this style of thin pizza (my fave), is popping up everywhere, but the risk there is that some sell in closer to the $1 of ingredient cost, and some, like Serious, do it for $19,...Neat space and popular,.. the hostess told us we'd get in, in time for our movie and we doubted her,.. wrongly (good staff overall).Serious Pie might have been one of the best meals I've had while visiting Seattle. I would suggest everyone go out and at least try it once. It's odd to say that a flatbread place is THAT good, but I absolutely loved everything about this place. The decor was very as my friends would call it "romantical." It's perfect for a date night. I, on the other hand, came with my friend, and we still enjoyed everything about it. During dinner time, it gets extremely busy. For 2 people, the wait was about 35 minutes. We, fortunately, were staying right across the street, so we decided to hang out at the apartment until they called us. They take down your number, so you're welcome to roam the streets while waiting. We ordered the mushroom pizza and the cauliflower appetizer with a bottle of wine. Absolutely delicious! Everything about this place was perfect... Except the wait. For 2 people the wait was about 35 minutes for dinner on a Saturday. Fortunately, we were staying across the street so we decided to hang out at our apartment until we were called in. They took down our number so that was convenient. We ordered the mushroom pizza and the cauliflower appetizer and a bottle of wine for $22. Starting off with the cauliflower appetizer...it was so good! Unfortunately, the waitress told us that they change their appetizer menu every so often. It was really good to add onto our pizza. We're odd. The pizza was big enough for 2 girls to share. It might have been also because we ordered a bottle of wine, but by the end of the dinner, we were pretty stuffed. The prices are higher than I'm used to, but for the amount of food you get, it's pretty fair. If we hadn't ordered the wine, we would've ended up paying about $20 each. I can't wait to come back to Seattle to eat Serious Pie again.I've been here about 5 times, and on 4 of those occasions would have rated this place a 5 star experience from the food quality/tastiness to the service. However, during my last visit, with my family the experience spiraled to a 3 star. To make it worse, we were celebrating 2 birthdays, and really looking forward to this meal. However, when the food arrived all the pies were just too salty. Not so salty that we would return them to the kitchen but, at about $16 per personal pie, they should really be consistently great, not just tolerable. To make matters worse, we were given someone else's lower bill, and when we tried to do the right thing, and correct the situation, we were kept waiting an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Our server didn't seem to "get" that we were doing the restaurant a favor, and took his time getting us the corrected bill. After discussing the food quality with my group later, I decided to call the manager and let her know, for the future, that the pies were overly salty. I figured it was a training issue, and could easily be corrected. However, I got the feeling that she didn't believe me, and wanted to know if I called to get a refund. Really, it was kind of insulting. I didn't ask for a refund - I'm just yelping.Not your typical pizza joint. The ingredients are top notch, not to mention unusual for pizza, but in a good way. The charcuterie here was pretty impressive, and the fried bread was delicious. Garlicky, buttery, crispy goodness that paired well with the cured meats. We had the fennel sausage, and the basil mozzarella pizza as well. The sausage on the fennel pizza was delicious..moist, tender meat on top of a delicious crust. I liked the basil buffalo mozzarella as well, but it did feel kind of boring. I'm not sure how to feel about 17 bucks for a personal pizza, but quality of ingredients are great and the pizza itself is awesome.We ordered two pies today, to go, for a work potluck. Really? $17.00 each?These pies were burned, cold, salty, and completely tasteless.Figured we would try west coast pizza based on all the positive reviews for this place.  We got the Yukon Gold Potato pizza, the sausage pizza and the eggs/prosciutto/arugula pizza.  These things are small, we almost finished 3 between the two of us, although we have been known to house food on occasion.  The potato pizza was forgettable and boring.  The other two were good but nothing earth shattering.  The red wine we had was excellent, wish I knew the name of it.  May or may not return if I'm back in Seattle, don't really have strong feelings either way.If you're looking for awesome gourmet pizzas, Serious Pie is your destination - you'll get a lovely ambiance, convenient locations and good service. My favorites are the Yukon Gold Potato and the Buffalo Mozzarella pizza. They also have good wine and beer that pair well with the pizzas. Don't miss their happy hours where you get a smaller portion appetizers and pizzas for a steal.Great place for happy hour.  There aren't many restaurants that open at 3 pm for HH, so that wins SP some major points.  Also love that ALL their pizzas (in happy hour sizes) are available.  Generous pour on the house white, thank you.  Super quick service, from the time we were seated to paying our bill was about 30 minutes, delightful.  The pizza crust at Serious Pie is something of a food blessing.  Light and buttery but doesn't fall apart and still has chewy texture.  I vote for the basil, buffalo mozzarella pizza as one of their classic bests.  I would have taken a photo but I ate it too fast.  Personally have had slightly better pizzas (specifically the crust) at the belltown location vs the westlake location.Im going to start this off with, maybe we got the wrong pie....We ordered the mushroom pizza, the crust was tasty and delicious, the cheese was nice, mushrooms were mushrooms :p . No tomato sauce some other creamy sauce as substitute. So this is where they lost me. Tasted like a cheese bread appetizer, not a pizza. So we left seriously disappointed. I love pizza and eat alot of it, we were driving through Seattle and heard that this was the best. It was not. If you ever want a really great pizza and you're in Vancouver try barberella pizza or pizza farina.Truly delicious food! Great casual dining for foodies, and the prices aren't too bad. Plus, the waiters are incredibly nice.I had clam pizza which i thought it would be interesting, and it was! and very delicious.I loved their crust so crispy and nice.one concern is some may find clam toppings little salty, like salted anchovies, but i love salted seafood so it was appropriate.we sat on long stool which i found a little uncomfortableand the price seem a little pricy for quantity, but it IS quality pizza.Anyways I only visited once and thoughts of this restaurant emerges in my head randomly these days so i think this place definitely has some magic. I will be back some time soon.Absolutely the best thin-crust pizza in Seattle!If you like puffy or doughy, don't come here; you won't find it. It's not the least expensive ever either so if you need to stuff your face and pile on the calories, move on down the block.But if your focus is on the toppings, with interesting combinations of top-quality ingredients, and you don't mind paying a little extra for taste, texture and all the rest, try Serious Pie.The sound level was low enough to allow decent conversation and the atmosphere friendly.Clam and Panchetta - fresh clams and smoked porkiness of pancetta made this a good choice. the combination made me think i was eating smoked clams since i forgot what i ordered. the right amount of spiciness, but a bit over salty.Soft egg and proscuitto. other than being topped with greens, this dish reminded me of a breakfast pizza. the egg was indeed soft and cooked just enough. The thinly sliced proscuitto bought the flavor to the party and topped with arugula and pecorino cheese.even though i am not a fan of thin crust, the crust here is really good. it sets the done for each bite as it is crispy and never soggy. one thing i would have liked was more cheese and/or sauce as there was still quite a bit of uncovered real estate 2" off the edge. was told the wait was going to be 1.5 hrs so i left my number...was called back in 45 min.We came for a blend of Serious Biscuit and Serious Pie...if you come around lunchtime and get seated upstairs...you get the best of both worlds! But...I would suggest you to just stick with the Pie part of things, because the pie blows the biscuits out of the water.We only got one pie, the mushroom truffle one with added meat...i think proscuitto? And it was SO GOOD. And trust me when I say that I have had my fair share of good pies. We were practically fighting for the biggest pieces. The crust is nice and chewy as well as crispy, and the pie itself doesn't taste oily.Also, do NOT skip out on the coconut cream pie. I don't care if you're not a huge fan of coconut...that's how I feel too, but this pie is one of the best I've ever had in my life. It's got shavings of white chocolate on top, and I really wanted to order a separate one JUST FOR ME, NO SHARING. But, I decided to not let my selfish tendencies be found out by my friends, so let it go. But one day, it's going to happen. I'm going back and eating it all by myself. Also, this place is a great space!Love love love Serious Pie!A very solid pizza joint and reasonably priced. I think you'll walk away satisfied. The fennel sausage is definitely an above average sausage pizza and was my favorite out of the few that we ordered at the table. (We also ordered the clams and soft cooked egg pizzas.) The other two pizzas we ordered were good too and gives you some variety from your run of the mill pizza place.If you're visiting Seattle, I would say this is a great place to try if you're in the area and/or you need a solid restaurant where you won't be shelling out $30+ for the meal. It's not a place to bend over backwards to make sure you try before you leave.Love this place!   the yukon gold potato pizza is the best.  Service is always great.Absolutely the best pie I have ever tasted in Seattle. If you live in Seattle you should visit and if you are visiting Seattle then you have to visit.Solid 3.5/5 stars, bumped it up to 4 stars for good service and cleanliness. NOTHING TOO special, but worth a stop if you love flat bread pizza. Mushroom is always near and dear to my heart. Next food pit stop was Serious Pie! We were on a eating spree, and ordered the roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza.Only stopped in for the Savor Seattle Tour and wish we could've made a whole meal out of it. We tried the Truffle Mushroom and Margarita (buffalo mozzarella, basil and red sauce) pizzas. Not a fan of anything truffle, so I'm a bit biased against the mushroom one.The Margarita was my favorite and one of the best red pizza's I've had. The crust was crispy and still had some chew, which I loved. Next time that Yukon Gold Potato pizza will be all mine!KILLER pizza! I've eaten a lot of good pizza in my life (I'm from a long line of pizza restaurateurs), and this is hands down one of the best. I'm staying a few blocks away and based on the reviews it seemed like a must eat. I tried the clam and the buffalo mozzarella, both had amazing flavors, but the best part is the crust (which usually isn't the case). Please come to the San Francisco Bay Area!! :)The pizza was very good,crust thin and crisp right amount of toppings,overpriced a little it's downtown ! My only gripe sitting family style sooo close to strangers  not ideal! I do recommend this place.the chantrelle mushroom pizza was insanely good.Came here for my last meal in Seattle. I was a bit worried that this place wouldn't live up to the hype, but it seriously blew my taste buds away. I ordered the soft cooked free range eggs, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugula ($17).Bf ordered the penn cove clams, pancetta tesa, lemon thyme ($18).Both pizzas were PHENOMENAL. Such unique combinations! I've never had anything like it. Like wtf...EGGS on pizza...? Clams?!? (Former clam-hater here.) Each and every bite was saturated with MEGA-rich flavors. I'm so sad we didn't get to try all of the other pizzas. And I'm heartbroken that this place is only in Seattle...T____T Please come to SF!!!!! Seriously considering asking my friend in Seattle to FedEx me Serious Pie pizza. Long distance relationships suck. Til next time...=*(Great pies.  Awesome folk running it. The clam pie was the best. Also try a desert. I got take out in ten minutes but the place looked great for groups.What to Order (Recommendations):"Soft cooked free range eggs, smoke prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugula" "Roasted seasonable mushrooms, truffle cheese""Finn River Dry Hopped Cider" Decor and Seating: 8/10Service: 8/10Food Quality: 9/10Food Originality: 9/10Overall Experience: 9/10Review of Experience: One of the highest recommended places (besides Paseo which was closed during my visit). Small and cozy restaurant so I would not recommend it for parties larger than 6, bar stool high table seating, but extremely nice decor with a stone oven and open kitchen.Each and every pizza was almost like a flat bread style more than a traditional pizza, but extremely light dough and fresh ingredients on each pizza. I would without a doubt recommend this to other people, without a doubt live up to the hype.I love pizza and always make a trip to Serious Pie when I am in Seattle.  I do not remember the first time I ate here, but it was a long time ago.  I have had everything on the menu and find that my favorite pizza is buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil.  I think that when simple tastes great, you are spot on. I do think that the menu is a little stale for those at come on a regular basis.  I would like to see a seasonal special pie on the menu.  I do give props for having Mexican Coke in a bottle. What did I learn today?  Egg on a pizza just is not my thing.Solid way to access some of Tom Douglas' food, at a decent price. The pizzas are always fresh, incorporating fresh, local ingredients where possible -- snag the Meyer lemon and olive if you get the chance.The atmosphere skews more toward communal dining, though there's no reason you have to share your pizza with the unwashed masses you choose to bring to lunch with you. In fact, you probably shouldn't, unless they're willing to barter. Beer selections are limited, but there should be something for most people to pick up.Despite the name, you're not going to find a typically satisfying greasy slice smothered in cheese; it simply isn't that kind of place. Expect lighter fare made with the gourmand -- or at least the nearest Amazon employee -- in mind. Sneak in for a slightly smaller (and cheaper!) happy hour pie to leave just as sated, and secure in the knowledge that you're a thrifty eater.The pizzas are rather small - individually sized, have some interesting flavors like potato pizza and clam pizza. I've tried almost all pizzas at this restaurant. The first time I went here I really loved it but with repeated visits it gets old pretty quick as the pizzas remain the same and you start to spot the shortcomings. The crust is good but sometimes they overbake and char it too much. Overall I find the pizza too salty and oily. Still Yukon gold potato pizza and the fennel sausage pizza are worth a try.Other than the pizza I love the kale salad but it's not too cheap and an indulgence considering Tom Douglas sells it by the pound in their store in Via 6 building not far away from this restaurant.It's a typical Tom Douglas restaurant really, a little overpriced, salty food and interesting to try. It would have to offer more for me to become a loyal patron.On my last day in Seattle, I had about an hour to spend in Pike Place before I needed to head to the airport.  Serious Pie was the last place on my yelp list to try and so I made a quick detour so I can to-go it home.  Eventually this detour would make me late and end up missing the last flight back to LA......  The next flight out was the next morning and I had to stay overnight in the airport on standby.  But was it worth it?  YES.  I just ordered the most popular item on the menu, Sweet Fennel Sausage.  It cost $18 for a small pizza.  But I regret nothing.  What makes Serious Pie so good is that it's a thin crust AND it's crispy!  It's so hard to find thin crust that's not soggy but Serious Pie has got it down to a science.  It was perfectly crispy but not burnt.  The toppings were all really good too-- oily but not greasy, salty and sweet.  I wish I had bought a large.. or more pizza.  As I was carrying the pizza box through the airport, everyone commented on how good Serious Pie is and if they could have a slice haha.  This pizza went through so much on it's trip from Seattle to LA (me running to the airport, the pizza box bouncing up and down, staying overnight at the airport, dropping it with my luggage, etc.) but even after, it was STILL really good.  To be honest I only had one slice and my family gobbled the rest....  I will have to wait for my next Seattle trip to get Serious Pie again.Oh Serious Pie, seriously..... I mostly go for the LIMONCELLO ROSEMARY COLLINS! ... vodka, limoncello, lemon, rosemary, soda.... but I order the food so I stay sober looking :) The biscuits have been amazing and the pies have done me right on several occasions! The biscuits look small on the plate but fill you up deliciously in homemade style! If you haven't wandered around the SLU location do so because there's a birds eye view from the balcony into the bakery/kitchen and it smells amazing! I think it's a subliminal perversion actually but I like it :) hahaha The staff is so lovable and genuinely like where they work it's infectious!  Their happiness may also be infused into the food?....but you'll see when you go!The hostess was a b**tchy lady.  She was mean, rude and unfriendly.  Let's me ask you Tom D: Is this the best hostess you can find to make the first impression for your restaurant? We had a big group (6 adults and 1 child).  We waited for about 30 minutes to be seated on a Saturday evening.  We had the entire table to ourselves.  The waitress was okay, semi-friendly.  The pies:  We had all types of pies, but my favorite was the pie with the sausages.  The buffalo mozzarella was also good, but the crust was burnt.The best thin-crust pizza I have ever had was in Nice, France. While the pizza at Serious Pie was not nearly as delicious, it was still a solid offering.My husband and I came to Serious Pie on a Sunday night at about 9pm. We did not have to wait for a table, but the place was still packed until we left at 11pm. The atmosphere is loud, a little dark, but overall comfortable and friendly. The tables are long, and you have to share with other customers. We split two pizzas, which was just enough food. I tried the Margherita. The sea salt around the crust was a nice addition. I thought the pizza could use a little more cheese and basil. My husband got the prosciutto, egg, and arugula. This pizza had a lot of flavor, and the egg on top added a good dimension.The waitress suggested a nice bottle of wine to accompany our pizzas, Cabanon Augurio. It was a nice, mild red, and not too expensive.Really good food.  Loved the atmosphere too.  Real easy going. Will definitely be back it was delicious.Very good pizza and I really like the casual atmosphere along with eating with beside strangers.  If you prefer a private table I'm sure they would accommodate; if you are willing to wait. The only pizza I really ever crave from this joint is the corn one... If there were two I consistently craved I would have given this a 5-star.The pizza is good. Not sure it's worth the hour + wait. The wait staff is very busy so drinks weren't refilled as often as needed. I would have given 4 stars but I took my child who wanted just cheese on his pizza. They wouldn't make a pizza with just cheese, they told me to order a specialty pizza and pick the toppings off. The waitress seemed pretty annoyed that we brought a child in. Skip it if you have kids.Mission accomplished.  This Chicago gal has been on a quest for great pizza in Seattle for 20 years and I've finally found it.   I like South-side style Chicago pizza (thin crust).   I tried Serious Pie by way of the Saturday morning pizza class (highly recommend!).   In the class you will learn the science behind the great dough that makes the great (thin) crust.  You also learn about their ingredients and meats.  All fresh made or locally grown except for the imported truffle cheese (excellent and not overpowering) and the proscuitto.  The sauce is simply delicious and I love the fennel sausage.   How about water buffalo mozzarella?  You'll never eat any other kind after tasting SP's. If you haven't tried Serious Pie, consider the Saturday class as an intro. You'll learn a lot, get your hands into it and learn how to toss the dough, then get to eat (and take home) your creation.  Friendly staff serve great coffee or a glass of chianti to accompany your pie. Mangia bene!I don't get it.  Pizza was soggy and run of the mill.  Beet salad is blah.  Yes, the salad comes with goat cheese and hazelnuts but lacks depth.Wine is outstanding!Great pizza, visit the SLU location!I love this place! I'm normally not a fan of thin crust, but I think they put extra salt on their pizzas to make it extra good. Everything on their menu is great and you can't go wrong with it. What's even better is their happy hour prices from 4pm-7pm.The pizza is pretty good, "gourmet" flatbread style, but very salty. Salty to the point where that's all I could think about each bite that I took. Besides the saltiness, it's still pretty tasty. I would recommend the mushroom and the sausage pizzas. It is incredible loud. Annoying loud, almost impossible for ongoing conversation. You're going to have to repeat yourself a lot if it's a full house.I love this place -- not a lot of room, but I love the communal tables and delicious and unexpected recipes!  I'm a sucker for pizza with potato or egg, and this place has both! Delish!If you're coming here over the weekend, make sure that you give yourself enough time to wait!  And, if you've got a large party, this is probably not the location for you.  I'd pick another one of Tom Douglas' amazing restaurants -- there are quite a few in the area!A great spot for lunch if you're looking for a non-traditional pizza spot. What I love most about Serious Pie (and all Tom Douglas restaurants, for that matter) is the attention to detail and quality in the ingredients they choose that you can both smell and taste.I adore wood-fired pizza partially because of the smoky, woody smell that just permeates the air. Serious Pie does a great version of a wood-fired pizza, though I interpreted them more as a great, gourmet flatbread.I've gone a few times and have had the:-marinated lacinato kale with calabrian chilis and pine nuts - smoky, slightly spicy and earthy - roasted seasonal mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza - a rich and luxurious, this is a mushroom lovers' delight-yukon gold potato, rosemary, and pecorino romano pizza - potatoes on pizza seriously works and I just love the addition of the nutty pecorino and earthy rosemary. - sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza - nothing too spectacular as far as pizza combinations goes but I will say the sausage is clutch (they cure their own meat in house!) Would recommend Serious Pie for a casual yet slightly upscale lunch. A bit overpriced but would encourage any die-hard foodie to indulge in some TD :)So good.  Creative choices and a relaxed atmosphere.This place is forever 5 star in my book.Tried the private dining table on a Monday night. It's nice being in a semi-enclosed (it's a separated area - there's a glass window/ wall in between the main communal dining area and this private dining area. The server was friendly and quick with her service. There's a table minimum FYI. With 3-4 bottles of wine, 10 pizzas, 6 salads, 6 desserts, espresso drinks, and more drinks... I think the total came less than $700 + tip for a group of 8.The food... THE FOOD..... their food is always finger-lickingly delicious. I found my new love for their pizza with the anchovies. Crispy dough, then a lyer of salty anchovie and kale/ greens which are hidden under a thin layer of grated cheese...TOM DOUGLAS'S BEST RESTAURANT IN SEATTLE - in my opinion.Tom Douglas continues his love affair with the palates of Seattle with the local gem. The Yukon gold potato, rosemary, and pecorino romano pizza will change your life as will the Buffalo mozzarella with red sauce and fresh basil. This place is great for a casual happy hour after work (all pies are mini and $6) or a fancy date night. While you're in the habit of making life-altering decisions, after your meal head around the corner on 4th to the Dahlia Bakery and  pick up a coconut cream pie. Buy a bite for yourself or a larger size to share. Thank you Mr. Douglas. You have a monopoly on this city and I'm fine with it.I never thought that my favorite pizza would be anywhere but NYC but Serious Pie stole my heart! Tom Douglas is truly gifted.Unfortunately, we only had time to eat 1 of their amazing pizzas, but I assure you, if we were in Seattle longer, we would've definitely tried more!The pizza we shared was: penn cove clams, pancetta tesa, lemon thyme $18.I kid you not, I wanted to cry of happiness with every bite I took. So much flavor and love in every bite I took! I was flabbergasted by how delicious this pizza was. If you're in Seattle, this place gets my highest recommendation! This pizza was worth every penny and I am saddened every day I do not live closer to Serious Pie. Tom Douglas, please open a Serious Pie in the SF Bay Area!!It's very expensive, but quite a good pizza, you can tell that it is made with quality ingredients. atmosphere is cool, staff was friendly.Serious pie indeed. In all fairness and review etiquette, I usually wait until I've visited a place multiple times to write a review, yadda yadda. BUT I'm only in town for a few days and I just need you all to know how amazing this place is without me having to drop another $50 on pizza. So here goes. Mushroom+truffle cheese pizza is as great as everyone says. So is the fennel sausage pizza. Just do it, unless the special tickles your fancy. Great beer and wine selection as well (although, yo Washington, why no Zinfandels on your list??). Service couldn't be better, love the chummy vibe of the community tables, and did I mention the crust is the stuff of pizza dreams? Cuz it is. Serious Pie pizza rules.On my first visit to Seattle, I fell in serious like with Serious Biscuit. So I knew a trip to Serious Pie was in order on my next visit. So fast forward to a few weeks ago when I had to travel to Seattle to catch a flight. I had a very limited time in the city so as soon as we arrived, we hustled right on over to Serious Pie.Even at 3pm, the place was packed. After a small wait, we scored one of the highboys in the back and ordered the roasted sunchokes to start and the arugula and runny egg pizza. I really wanted the rosemary potato pie but we thought it'd be too heavy. Carbs on carbs, ya know? The food came out pretty quickly. I loved the sunchokes and other veggies. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The pizza itself was good. But I wish we had gone for something more unique. I feel like I could've found that pizza back home (Mozza). Still, the crust was good and chewy. I'd keep this bookmarked to try again.So sad. We were very let down. Service was slow and we waited some time. Once our pizzas arrived they were cold. They had been sitting far too long under the heat lamps. The crust was cracker thin, which may have been ok but with cold ingredients it was terribly uninspired. We wanted to desperately like this restaurant and had been looking forward to eating here. People around us were enjoying their dinners.  The waitress agreed the food was cold and took the pizzas off our bill......Probably the best pizza I'll ever have. Yes, future tense.After talking about it for years, I finally made it! I had to do a bit of clothes shopping and happened to park across the street so swung by for an ahi appetizer and wasn't disappointed!They are really SERIOUS  about their pizzas.  We had grilled mushrooms w/truffle cheese and grilled asparagus on two different nights.  They did not disappoint us.The place is always packed, noisy and crowded, nice and courteous services though.I think the pizzas are a bit overpriced but I will definitely return when I visit Seattle.I enjoyed other Tom Douglas restaurants in Seattle so I thought I would check this place out since the hubby loves pizza. Luckily there was not wait when we got there.  The tables are long and we were seated with other people, which was interesting because I heard their entire conversation, but since they were talking about pizza I could listen to what they thought was the best pizza to order. We ordered roasted chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza. I have to say I thought it was really good, but my husband enjoyed it quite a bit more than me. He keeps talking about how this is the best pizza ever. I can say that after ordering one, we did want another and had to order one more. They are really expensive $17 and not that big to share for two people. I would go back and try the other pizzas.Went here for a work event - They take you in the kitchen, who you how they make their pizzas and let you make your own (shocking really fun). Seeing the work that goes into the ingredients and how knowledgeable the staff is was impressive. I'm VERY hesitant to eat at places that don't let you see into the kitchen. This place gave us a tour of their walk-in (which was immaculate!) If you're turned off by Tom Douglas's name, which i am.. Don't be. This place is fantastic and I'm usually "meh" about pizza!This place is fantastic. Went there for a quiet dinner with the manfriend and things went well. The food is worth every single penny, and the service we got that night was impressive. My drink stayed topped off and my belly happy. I'm pretty serious about going back soon.I've had quite a few pizzas in my time and this is by far top 3. They've got that pizza crust down perfect! And that marinara sauce is so simple and fresh. We had dinner here 2 nights out of the 3 that we were in seattle. If you like nice crispy yet chewy crust this would be it. It will be the first stop when I come back to visit seattleLoved the Yukon gold potato and rosemary pizza! Absolutely scrumptious. I usually am not a fan of artisan pizza, but this place was up my alley. Also got good service, which is a plus. Place is very chill and casual, but tight quarters were my only complaint.I came here for dinner on a Monday night and was shocked to see that there was a 30 minute wait! I liked the casualness of the restaurant, such as sitting on a large high table next to random people. We ordered a carafe of a pinot and the pickled cauliflower and white bean appetizer to start off. My friend ordered the clam pizza and I ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza.The wine was good, as was the pickled cauliflower, I really liked that it wasn't too sour and that there were other things in the mix. Although the pizza may look small when you're watching them bring them to other peoples' tables, it was actually a lot of food. I finished half of my pizza and thought it was really good. The thinner crust was nice and crispy, and the truffle/mushroom combination was delicious. I thought it was a bit pricey at $17 for the pizza, since I didn't find anything super special about it.Would I come back? I would. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but I really like the uniqueness of the different toppings.I hear raving reviews about this place and then i hear so-so reviews about this place and I'm with the so-so side. Maybe it was cause I did take out? Don't know... I don't think ambience would have made much of a difference since my friends and I were starving... any food usually taste like heaven when you're starving, but this just OK to me. We got the Truffle Mushroom one cause everyone and their mama's be recommending it. I THOUGHT I liked  truffle... but I guess not. It was too much for me to handle; too strong... I think I just like a hint of truffle. The other pizza we got was... I don't remember the name... cause it wasn't that memorable. =Xsorry Serious Pie... I'm not that serious about your pizzas. :[Good food. Only complaint is the seating.  3 couples where squeezed into in table.  I would prefer a more spacious and private layout.Serious Pie makes a really fantastic "upper-class" pizza.  It isn't my favorite pizza because in a way, it is a bit too gourmet for what I would generally want out of a slice of pie, but for what they are making, they are making it really well. I tried a bit of of the eggs and procitutto pizza which was unique and also the slightly more traditional sausage and fennel pizza which was a nice little flavor parade.  Overall, I don't think I "get it" enough to really make this place a go-to but I completely understand why the right flavor palate would find this place mind-blowing.We tried this restaurant while on a Savor Seattle food tour and it was really special.  Our experience was brief because we were on a tour, but we got to sit at the Chef's table and tried two pizzas:  the margarita and the mushroom with truffle oil.  These were easily the best pizzas I have ever had and I highly recommend!So being somewhat new to the Seattle area this was one of the places on my "checklist" of places to try. The place itself was pretty small, and you had to share a table with other patrons.  I tried the clam pizza but couldn't actually taste much of the clams. This place is fairly unique and I guess you have to try it at least once as a Seattleite but probably not much more.They really do serve up some serious pie here at this local Tom Douglas establishment! I know I'm only adding to the masses with this review, but here it is!We had a reservation for my buddy's birthday bash at "The Kitchen Table" within the restaurant. It's awesome that you can reserve the table they use to make their pizza dough. The Kitchen Table is great for larger parties that want to enjoy a meal together in a unique/fun setting!Pizza (If I were to get three pies, these would be the winners!):Sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone - One of their most popular pies, and for good reason!Roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese - As seen on Food Network, this is for the truffle lovers!Soft cooked free range eggs*, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugula - I may be a little biased on this one with my sheer love for eggs in general, but the combination of soft cooked eggs and the mix of ingredients is just too perfect to pass up!Overall, we had a very pleasant experience chowing down on great food. Not much more you can ask for. Once again, Tom Douglas did not disappoint! Worth the visit if you're looking for delicious, fancy pizza in your life!This is soooooooooooooooo gooooooood! Its not your typical slice of pizza so go in with an open mind and an open wallet because it aint cheap. But if you've got it like that and a taste for exotic artisan pizza then you must try this Tom Douglas gem. Also check out serious biscuit in the same building for breakfast sandwiches that will rock your face off!Celebrity Chef Tom Douglas' Pizza Shop "Serious Pie", is without a doubt one of the best on the West Coast if not the nation! Delicious artisanal  pizzas cooked in an "Stone Applewood Fired Oven" featuring blistering crusts and great toppings.On my latest trip, my partner in crime and I shared two of Chef Douglas' creations "Penn Cove Clams, Pancetta Tesa and Lemon Thyme" pie along with a "Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms with Truffled Cheese" pie.What is my review? Lookup .. 5 Stars .. "As Good As It Gets"!Want more news, reviews and recipes? facebook.com/BaldFoodieAlthough I adore Tom Douglas' restaurants, this one is ok for me so far. Maybe I just need to visit again to get a better feel of the menu. Some of the ingredients I wouldn't really like on a pizza normally and the crust was too thin for me, so it made it hard to choose what to eat. Also, I feel the pizzas are too expensive for the size of it, but that is Tom Douglas for ya. You're paying for the name. Seating was weird and uncomfortable. I did like the toothpicks to take home that are at the cashier's counter though.The only thing I really loved was the Triple Coconut Pie!! Even though it is $9 a slice (you can make it yourself for about $40, it is delicious but it takes forever!), I splurge on this pie because it is heaven in my mouth. I haven't tasted any dessert better than this one. Seriously (add in standard pun going along with the restaurant name...).Despite its very thin/ nonexistent crust, one of these pizzas is enough to fill two people. My cousin and I shared the fennel sausage pizza, with kale added for about $2, and were full about 3/4 way through. I think the fennel sausage pizza is the only one with meat, and great meat, at that. It's an excellent pizza, but it's also a pricey pizza, for $17. I'd come back for happy hour in the near future that I revisit Seattle.Although there was a wait for prime lunch hours, it went by quickly, as seats aplenty. Serious Pie is seriously a good find.We ordered here for take out and I will definitely be back to dine in.  I loved the pies, they were delicious.  If you like the thin New York style pizzas I would recommend this place.  We ordered the roasted seasonal mushroom with truffle cheese and the buffalo mozzarella red sauce and fresh basil.  Both tasted amazing.  I am excited to go back and try the soft cooked free range eggs pie.This was our first meal in Seattle! We love pizza and were inclined to come due to the positive ratings and how close it is to our hotel. It was a lot smaller than what we expected. We came around lunchtime and it was practically full. Luckily we were seated in the back without a wait. We weren't too hungry and didn't want to stuff ourselves so we decided to only go with the Soft Cooked Free Range Eggs pizza. It was delicious! However, a bit on the small side, especially for the price ($17.) We are a bit bias since so many fabulous pizza places for less than this are readily available to us in San Diego. Happy we checked this place out though!Awesome pizza !!This place was amazing! Came to Seattle for a short weekend trip and this place was only 7 minutes walking distance from Pikes Place. The wait was about an hour and a half but it was pretty easy to kill some time being only 14 minutes walking distance from the space needle! This is defiantly a place to visit if you're looking for a great meal and you don't mind getting to know some strangers!I just want to say that this place has the most amazing customer service!! My husband is a huge pizza fan, but not what he calls "fancy pizza".. So he was a little disappointed when we showed up here yesterday afternoon. I ordered the Yukon potato pizza and loved it, but my husband... Not so much. The waitress asked how we liked it, husband straight out said he didn't... She came back with the more traditional buffalo mozzarella cheese pizza for him free of charge and he instantly fell in love with it. I really wanted him to like it, so that extra kindness really went a very long way... We will be back for sure!!Great flat bread pizza, casual shared tables. If you don't like sharing tables with strangers, then you may be in for a long wait (has the ambiance and size of a bar).  Three of us shared two pizzas ... mushroom and cheese pizza and the sausage and bell pepper pizza, both excellent. Highly recommend. And try the house made lemonade too.It's a decent gourmet pie joint but it's not something I'd go out of my way to eat on a regular basis.You won't be getting Pizza Hut or Dominos for that matter.. even Pagliacci's doesn't stand a chance against this artisan pizza.  Is Tom Douglas' place for pizza perfection?  The flavor sure is great, as it tastes like quality.  That being said, quality never came cheap and TD makes sure to let you not forget it.  For a  rustic odd-shaped size pizza that really looks homemade, prepare to pay about $18 for basically 1 hungry person.  My friend and I actually ordered 2 pizzas and an appetizer salad to share... and we finished it all. I appreciate the gourmet tasting flavors, creative menu options, and even nice beverages such as homemade grape soda (so delish!).  But at the end of the day, I'm not a pizza fan and can't justify paying close to $30 per person for a meal (starter, pizza and drink) of mainly pizza! I'm glad I tried it, but I hear their happy hour has $5 pizzas.. that sounds like a deal! I'll be back, but only for those discounted rates :)My boyfriend and I came here after I won a gift card at work. The pizza is delicious! We had the soft cooked free range eggs, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, and arugula pizza. It was amazingly tasty. The service was good. The seating is interesting, and while you could be at a table with strangers, there is still a great element of privacy. 5/5 stars from me! I look forward to heading back to try something new or even enjoy the egg pizza again!I love pizza. I could eat pizza every day. I wish pizza was a healthy food so I was required to eat 2 servings a day.I finally made it here and had to be on the "call" list, which took about an hour to get a call back. I booked it back from where I was drinking to eat. I'm not a fan of shared tables but I went with it. The pizza was great! I am a big fan of chewy, soft bread. We got the margarita pizza, salad, and drinks. I had wished I ate here sooner. It's not a pizza dive so you have to pay for gourmet pizza. The location and long wait times has made it so I haven't returned but some day soon.They have a truffle cheese that should be accompanied by a cigarette.This place is solid. Came here with my girlfriend, and we decided to get the "soft cooked free range eggs, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo and arugula" pizza. We both thought it was delicious. Nothing bad to say about this place. We'll be back!The only downsides are the small seating area and parking.  The upsides: food drinks atmosphere.  This spot was suggested by a local and it was a highlight on my trip through Washington.  Delicious pizza, great brews and the desserts were to die for.Seriously... Serious Pie? You are so mouth-watering amazing!My sister highly recommended my best friend and I to try this place when we visited Seattle, and of course since we LOVE pizza, it was the first place to try on our list. Although we were grabbing a late lunch (think 2:30pm), there was still a 30 minute wait. Apparently, no one jokes about pizza here. This restaurant has communal seating - thank you New Girl for teaching me these kind of things - so if you're trying to go on an intimate date, this probably ain't the place for you. I thought it would've been a little awkward, but it's not that bad. We had a couple on a date on our left and a family (with the daddy lookin' a LOT like Olivia Pope's daddy) on our right. - Bruschetta, chanterelles, fuji apples, and taleggio: this bruschetta dish was pretty big for an appetizer, and if you love mushrooms... your taste buds will dance like it's never danced before. The apples in this dish was something special.- Soft eggs, smoked proscuitto, percorino sardo, arugula: so drool worthy! It was a thin crust pizza with layers of proscuitto (yum), a runny egg (double yum), and topped with a good amount of arugula. You definitely cannot hate on veggies if it's arugula on a pizza!The pizza was so good we were contemplating to come back one more time before we left beautiful Seattle!It's pricey. But considering that gourmet and pizza aren't usually things I associate with each other, it's definitely worth a visit for that Wolfgang-Puck-like experience. Don't expect to gorge yourself full or get that queasy greasy indigestion feeling here from having too much cheese and tomato sauce like you would with the typical pizza joint.I had the clam pizza, some appetizers, and some beers with friends here. The dining table layout makes for a great conversation area, and the general industrial vibe and chic, and the fact there is a wine bar / tasting area below also makes this place a great venue for social mixers. I miss working / living near this place. Definitely searching for good excuses to swing back around.FAVORITE PLACE EVER!  They 110% nail it every time. You can taste the freshness and quality of every ingredient. The service is excellent and very on point, its definitely our go-to spot for guaranteed deliciousness!Over - Rated.Parking is a disaster..Service is friendly but they combine tables. ahm. wtf? a table of 4 combined with a 2some on a table barely big enough for 4, but apparently made for 6.  makes no sense.. Pie itself - decent sausage.. but the middle is soft and mushy.Crust is ROCK hard.. burnt to a crisp and no chewiness.Add on the 16-18 dollar a pie price (compared to 10-12 for places like Bar Del Corso)..not worth it.. over rated.. passWow. Just wow. The buffalo mozzarella, tomato sauce, fresh basil pizza is nothing short of amazing. The seasoning is very uniqueSalad is good I guess. To me it's salad. To the others it's good with home made sauce.Eh.  It was alright.  Too gourmet for me.  I like my cheap pizza with the buttery crust and sweet marinara sauce with an explosion of salted, fatty meat and veggies.  Yep.  Nothing fancy needed for me.  BUT it was a nice experience.  Limited seating, we had to sit so close to other people, no privacy..  AWKWARD.... But their lemonade is good.  And while we waited, we had access to complimentary spa- infused water.. not sure what type of herb or grass was in the water, maybe mint?  But it was quite refreshing.This is my favorite pizza place in Seattle.  I take most my out of town guests.  It's a little pricey for the serving size, but it's quality, and it's not OVER pricey as compared to the rest of the Tom Douglas restaurants.  The dough is delicious and they cure their own meats.  This can also mean that the taste of the meats may vary from day to day.My favourite is the soft egg, prosciutto and arugula.  The menu changes seasonally but they always have one with soft egg, it's always absolutely delicious.The restaurant gets crowded around dinner time, so it's a good idea to go a little early, put your name down, go grab some dranks elsewhere and go back.  The South Lake Union Serious Pie is also much bigger and much less crowded.  I usually just avoid waiting all together and put in my order by phone and pick it up to go.Serious Pie? More like serious wait. I came here on a Monday night, and despite it being a week night, I still had to wait more than an hour for a table for 4. The hostess was missing for over 15 minutes when I first arrived. She then told me that it would be around a 45 minute wait. I didn't actually get to sit down until about 1 hour and 15 minutes after I spoke to her. So in total, I waited about 1.5 hours for pizza. So I'm sure you're thinking, was it worth it? No. While the pizza was the stone oven baked thin crust that I love, I did not think the pizza was spectacular enough for me to wait 1.5 hours in the cold for. BUT if you're thinking about ordering take out, I definitely think Serious Pie would be better than any other place you could order from. I had yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino romano pizza, roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza, sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza, and penn cove clams, pancetta tesa, lemon thyme pizza. They were all delicious. My least favorite would probably have been the clams because I thought the taste was too pungent in my mouth, but still good nonetheless. I definitely recommend getting the one of the other threes as a priority. The moral of this story is 1) expect a LONG wait even on a week night, and 2) just order take out.The food was better than okay, atmosphere was pretty lively (not easy to carry on a conversation)... all in, it was a good spot.Would I go back? Not in the last year or so- there are plenty of other restaurants that cover similar food that I like more.If you need a great reason to try Serious Pie, or feel an urge to go to a "Tom Douglas restaurant" (and this is going to be the one you choose), stick with the Truffle Cheese -and-whatever-mushroom-combination-they're-doing-­pie.  The Yukon Potato isn't bad, but it is not the glorious, earthiness, mouth-feel of cheese and truffles, either.  It IS wood-fired pizza so the crust is crisp, sometimes charred on edge, but delicious!Here is the Serious problem: turn your tables over, open up your lounge to make people comfortable who are inevitably waiting in the miniscule lobby, and stop charging people for Cokes by the bottle at double!  I am not a person who has a problem sitting (and, ohmygosh, sharing) a table with others.  But, Mr. Douglas, your waitstaff neglects people in the back at the non-shared cocktail tables.Seattle fine dining prices are to be expected.  Sadly, these pies serve one person, so multiples would need to be ordered if you were a tourist or shopping or walking the city.  If you thought you were going to "pop in for a pizza" you would be mistaken.  If you can accept this restaurant concept for what it is, it is great!  But pack your patience and your wallet otherwise you may leave hungry wanting something more.The Fennel Sausage pizza was great! I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've ever had, but it was really good. The place is really small, and you have to share the table with other people, definitely not a place for more than two people. It was great though, I talked to some interesting folks. There wasn't much of a wait when I went, but by the time I was leaving there was a huge line out the door with probably an hour wait. I would recommend it if it's not crowded, but if it's a long line, then probably not...FAB-U-LOUS-LY SERIOUS PIE Sweet Fennel Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Provolone Pie was EXCELLENT.We also had the special, and it was wonderful, too.The dough is divine!Service is exceptionally good.Great vibe.Super space.EAT HERE.Great Pizza, 'nuf saidI love pizza and spend quite a bit of time in Seattle, although I live in Portland. I was so excited to try Serious Pie after hearing rave reviews! First off, the air flow in the restaurant is horrible. It was so hot and stuffy and very claustrophobic. Our party was big enough to where we didn't have to share a table with strangers and I'm not too fond of bumping elbows with a total stranger during lunch. The pizza itself was good. Although, I'm not big on changing a good thing and prefer traditional pizza, the different flavors were a nice change. The thin crust was hot and flaky as it should be but for the size of the pizza, it was a bit overpriced. Overall, it was fun to try something new but I'm not running back tomorrow for more.- Ambiance (3/5)Soft lighting inside, though a little cramped.  We sat at a communal table, though it's not a wide open table like you're used to.  You're basically at a table for 6 shoulder to shoulder with the other party.  - Service (5/5)Quick, speedy, and courteous.  Extra star for the server running to the other Tom Douglas restaurant down the street to get us a postcard.- Sunchokes, pears, pecorino, $8 (5/5)Simple and whimsical, this was proof that a salad can be packed with flavor- Spicy salt cod stew, $10 (5/5)Also including chickpeas and fennel, it had a really rich stew-like sauce.  The fish was just salty enough, and the spice activated toward the end of the bite.  Very nice.- Potato pizza, $15 (2/5)Couldn't really taste the rosemary, and IMO, the pecorino romano completely overwhelmed the pizza.  Too much.- Clam pizza, $18 (4/5)Not quite as good as Pepe's in New Haven, though the crust was spectacular.  Although I did bite into a granule of sand, at least it's comforting to know they are shucking these clams fresh.  It was surprisingly spicy, despite nothing on the menu suggesting it might be-- I can only figure it was the pancetta.- Egg, arugula pizza, $17 (2/5)My girlfriend loved this, though to be honest, I'm not sure I entirely understood it.  Usually, egg on anything tastes good, but this combination just didn't do it for me. - Mushroom pizza, $17 (5/5)Definitely the best pizza of the night-- great to bite into big meaty mushrooms, and the truffle cheese was a good, quiet complement.  - Value (5/5)The value here is pretty good.  Instead of thinking about them as pizzas, I would think of them as entrees, and at around $17 a piece, these are awesome priced entrees!  - Final WordTom Douglas made me consider the possibility that these pies were better than Pepe's in New Haven.  While I think I'll still lean on Pepe's as my old standby, these were damn good pizzas, with crust that was both soft and deliciously baked.  Well done!Food was delicious!Atmosphere: Clean, friendly staffFood:  Very good.  Came here for breakfast and for dinner.  Although I would recommend dinner!  Their pizza is amazing.  Not traditional pizza and very thin crust but very tasty.  A little pricey but not bad for a night out in the town!Rick knows how to work the oven and his support from Nick and Erica is great. Maybe a little more flexibility in the pizza selections. I would bet there are a few that are very rarely ordered and it could make way for some new combinations.Their quality of food is great, and everything was delicious. We shared two pizzas between the two of us, and then ordered another. The truffle mushroom pizza is so good!  Our server was very friendly, and we got seated as we walked in. The prices are a little too high for the proportions. I think overall experience was okay, so I think I'll be trying other options of dinner for a while before making my way back.Serious Pie, seriously worth it.The wait on a Friday night was over an hour, but we put our name down and went to a bar down the street to wait.When seated, the menu is very simple and everything sounds amazing.With 4 in our party, we were seated at a larger table with another party, it wasn't weird, since the table are spacious, so no worries.We got 3 pizzas, one with egg and arugula, mushroom and truffle and the last one I can't remember.  The pizzas are well priced, about $15-20 each, and they are all worth it!!!!!Everyone's favorite was the truffle.  It was subtle and so good!!Whenever anyone comes to visit or asks for recommendations, "serious pie" is the first thing that comes out of my mouth. SO GOOD, MUST EAT.Serious Pie happy hour is legitimate. We participated in it and devoured two mini thin crust pies with truffle mushrooms and mozzarella basil. The house wine was great to wash it down with. I imagine this place to be super packed during the evening time but happy hour saved us from that. This happy hour Seattle thing is what's up!This was a date that didn't feel like it worked out.  I don't mean the date I was on at the place - I mean my relationship with Serious Pie.The atmosphere is decent.  The service was decent.  The prices were OK; pricey for what you get, but come on, we're not talking about Papa John's here.  ($15 for a pizza that lasted about 1.5 meals in terms of takeout and such.)The menu... is a little too limited.  Again, this isn't Papa John's; you're not going to be able to order from 500x different pizzas.  At the same time, on a typical night, you only have 5-6 pizzas to choose from - and... maybe that's not good enough?  I found something I liked (and did!), but I worry that being too discriminating might shut out some potential diners.  That's also about all there is entree-wise - so - it's pretty much that or nothing.The other issue is the communal seating.  6 people at a table (in most cases), and yes, I get the whole concept of it - make new friends, conserve space, what have you... but when it goes wrong?  It can go really wrong.  On the date, the couple sitting next to us - as in "6 inches to my left" - was apparently arguing, didn't talk to each other, didn't eat much, and left in a huff.  When that happens, it's way too easy for that attitude to spread to the rest of the table, and as an end result, we ended up feeling awkward.  The restaurant DOES have a "family dinner" table, which is larger, separated from the rest of the place (in the kitchen), and can be reserved; I think that might be pretty awesome for a party.I'll certainly give it another try sometime, but for now, this place just didn't wow me the way it should have. It felt like Serious Pie was taking itself a little too seriously; maybe the second visit will convince me.Serious Pie is seriously delicious! We had the mushroom and truffle pizza and it was amazing! We weren't surprised that it had been featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate! The ingredients are high quality-I especially like the finishing salt they use on the crust, so yummy! The seating situation is a little weird as they sit you at large tables shared with other parties so our part of two was seated at the same table as a party of four. I wouldn't let that stop you from trying it though!This is one of my favorite pizza places in the world! The thin-crust pizza here is super delicious and one of the best things about Seattle! The yukon gold potato + rosemary + pecorino romano pizza is my favorite pizza here. The potato is sliced thin and cooked so perfectly.  My next favorite is the soft-cooked egg + prosciutto + pecorino sardo + arugula pizza.  My next next favorite is the mushrooms + truffle cheese pizza. Okay, I guess I've had a lot of their pizzas. In fact, on my last trip to Seattle, we came here three times - twice to sit down to have dinner and then once more to get some pizzas to go so we could eat it at the airport while waiting to board our planes (the original plan was to eat the pizza on the plane on the way home...but we couldn't wait that long haha). The wait for dinner can be long (I think the first time we waited about 40 minutes), but they take your phone number down and call you when they're ready for you to come back. So you can take a walk around the neighborhood, or grab a drink at one of Tom Douglas's other establishments which are next door (Dahlia Lounge) or across the street (Lola).  You might get seated at a communal table with strangers (or as I like to call them future friends!) or there are also three two-person tables in the back. In addition to the yummy pizzas, the best appetizer on the menu is brussels sprouts! The pizzas are not small and not huge. I think one pizza could comfortably feed two people if they also got an appetizer. But the pizza is so good here, I feel confident that I could finish one pizza (they cut it up into eight slices) on my own in one sitting.  Also the staff here is amazing. Friendly and great customer service. I can't wait to come back to Seattle so I can eat here again! Love!This place was odd. The food was really good but I thought it was super tiny for the price you pay for it. It was also super crowded (like sitting elbow to elbow with some people we didn't know). The service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was nice. But really, we left and went to Rocco's for second dinner because the portions were so small. So if you do go here which I might recommend on a less busy day for some fancy pizza, get an appetizer.You will either love this place, or think it's over-rated/priced. I lean toward the love this place, just because of the unique flavors and tastes/textures you can get on a piece of flatbread.  Take the idea of Yukon gold potatoes on a pizza... starch on starch, right? YUP.. but coupled with rosemary and Romano, it's all about a texture experience. If you think about it, there shouldn't be anything good on this, but instead, it's delicious... really it is. They have another that is just as delicious.. starts with free range eggs, prosciutto, pecorino sardo, and arugula.. it was like breakfast on a pizza, but higher class goodness.  The tastes are all over the place, the salt from the prosciutto, the cooling of the arugula, and the binder = the egg is soft cooked, so it will bleed yummy yolk all over the plate, pizza, your hands.. yup, everything. What I think offends most people, is the portion size, these are personal sized (Small), and they are thin.. they aren't the large monsters you get at Costco or even Pizza Hut.  Everyone will need to order one, and they are sharable, with one another. I think the flavors are good, and I love the atmosphere, and really if you go in with the expectation that you really won't get tastes like this anywhere else, then this is great.I like my pizza and I like my beer and I like it best from Serious Pie. They have a serious collection of beers and they have the best cheese in all of Seattle. It helps when you know a thing or two about pizza and the pizza guy inside is a scholar. You can talk to him for hours about ingredients and toppings.I am not really into pizza like all my friends. I am embarrassed to say but it is so difficult for me to sit there and enjoy bread, sauce, and cheese. This place I could stomach the pizza but that Italian food always leaves me feeling something awful. I wouldn't go back but thats not necessary the restaurants fault. Maybe I would go back with a bunch of friends but that is only because I am too embarrassed to say I dont like Italian food.This is my favorite pizza spot in Seattle. I have tried a lot of other popular places (Delancey, Tutta Bella, Via Tribunali, Pagliacci) and none have such consistently great tasting pizza. I have been to both locations many times and have tried pretty much every single item on the menu. The nice thing is they always have one flavor of pizza that changes seasonally. For appetizer I love the kale salad. As far as the pizzas, my favorites are: the mushroom truffle cheese and the soft cooked egg. These are unique and you won't find them anywhere else. They also have HH Mon-Fri from 3-5pm and the pies are only $6.chocolate budino - truffle pizza.  YumThis is not pizza as most people think of pizza.The only thing that links their pizza's to standard american pizza is the fact that they use dough. But from there on all cards are off the table.The crust is more like pita bread than actual pizza crust. Its not even like a crust that some one would make at their homes. Its like they took a pita bread recipe and changed it a little bit to try and make a pizza crust with it.The toppings are more like stuff that you never see normally on a pizza.Good luck finding mozzarella cheese on any of the pizzas.They do put ingredients on some of the pizza's that are not listed on the menu too.This pizza place is more for like the hipster crowd that doesn't want to eat pizza but they want to be ironic and eat something that resembles pizza.Serious Pie reminds me of a smaller Roberta's back in Brooklyn with a hip vibe.  I say smaller because the space is small and the tables are shared with other diners. I could see getting a spot to eat could be a problem on a busy night.  They should consider reducing that kitchen space for more tables. We ate here on a recommendation from our hotel and the reviews looked good on Yelp.So how's the pizza?  Nothing mind blowing unfortunately.  I was expecting better given the recommendations.  It was certainly good pizza just not the over the top pizza I was expecting.  Maybe we'll stop again next time we're in Seattle and give it another try.The pizzas were good, but not for the price.  This is not your typical pizza parlor.  Serious pies serves up their pizzas with some serious toppings.  Don't get me wrong, I love what their doing, but I tend to prefer a typical cheese and tomato pie.  With many pizza options, you're bound to find one everyone can agree on.  I just don't think certain toppings they use have any place on a pizza.  For $18-20 dollars, you'll get a small (feeds maybe 2-3 hungry people) gourmet pizza.  The ingredients are fresh, and the flavors are good, but nothing to rave about.The pizza here is phenomenal. A must-go-too. Unlike any other traditional pie. Great service too.Tom Douglas is a legend in the town. Serious Pie is no joke. I didn't really know what to expect. I knew the pizza prices are a bit steep but if you can't afford it, go during Happy Hour. It's pretty good. The Sweet Fennel Sausage and Penn Cove Clams are my favorite! The quality of the pizza is obvious and it's just deliicous. I don't really like the community seating but I'll deal with it for their pizza. hahaCame here last night with 15 or so girls from my Meetup group.  We were seated at the kitchen table, which is a big table with individual stools, behind glass, in the back of the restaurant where the kitchen is.  The glass help muffle the noise of the restaurant, but it's still quite noisy back there, which made it hard to talk to people across the table.  No complaints though.  I wouldn't want to eat good pizza in a library, either.Menu consists of salads, pizzas, and desserts.  There is an abbreviated but very adequate wine list as well.  We order one of every pizza with the exception of the clam pizza for our group.The standout pie (to me) was the mushroom and truffle cheese.  I tried everything else as well and honestly, there was not a slouchy pie to be found - every pie had flavors that blended well with the thinner-style crust with just the right amount of salt and fire.  The group loved the sausage and pepper pizza as well.  We ordered repeats of both of these pizzas.Our server was really great and took care of us.  Glasses were never empty, wine was a-flowin', and everyone seemed to have a great time.  The kitchen table experience was so worth it.  We tipped above the 18% added onto the bill automatically, and left happy.  I'll definitely be back!I had the pizza with the egg and arugula, which was very good.  I went during the week for a business lunch and the only problem was the food took a while to come out.Fantastic - tried the catfish on a biscuit. Not a lot of food, but pretty damned good.I've been here years ago.  Haven't gone back yet.  I wouldn't mind but obviously, for whatever reason, I haven't felt that it was urgently necessary to do so.  I may change my review/stars after revisiting, but based on my memory and the fact that I have not returned in years, I will give it a 3.btw, I'm only writing this review, because Yelp "asked" me to.We came at an awkward time so we didn't have to wait (party of 5!). We all got different pizzas and shared. I can't remember which we ordered, but they were just okay for me. Good, but nothing to rave too much about.The pizzas are top notch, perfectly fired. I highly recommend the happy hour to sample new pizzas you have never tried.Sweet Bohunkus this was a terrible pizza. I suspect that I accidentally ordered something completely antithetical to my palate, however, I love virtually all food; so it's pretty odd to find something I disliked this much Also my companion agreed it was one of the worst pizza's created and he has a very different and equally undiscerning palate. It was a special featuring pork belly and a whole lot of corn. It came highly recommended. I recommend it as an appetizer so you can appreciate other pizzas more. Because it tasted like butt.The atmosphere was great, my companions pizza was excellent, the beer list was top notch and we got good service. I'm going to try again next time I'm in the area. A great place with at least one horrific pizza.Highly Overrated !I went for lunch and ordered the roasted seasonal mushroom pizza . It was extremely bland. Seattle surely has better pizza places . Also for some reason Serious pie comes in the list of most romantic restaurants . How can a place be romantic when there are shared high tables and everything is so clamped up.We went there last Sunday afternoon for lunch and we were immediately seated. My friend and I split a buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil pizza, panzanella salad and cannoli dessert with apricots. Everything was yum. We were hungover from last night so didn't get any beer. Next time I am definitely getting one of their Pilsners.My best friend, brother, and I flew into Seattle late in the day, and we hadn't eaten yet all day. We were STARVING. This place had the best reviews and it was walking distance from our hotel, so we decided to visit.Oh, no, there was a pretty long wait!We were teetering on just finding a different restaurant because our blood sugar levels were dangerously low, but we stuck it out. Took some pictures outside. Found seating in the waiting area inside. Took some pictures inside. Admired the decor. Looked at the meats hanging on the racks. Oh, this place is beautiful.When we were finally seated, we ordered a charcuterie plate right away. Again, hungry folks here. We also each ordered a pizza, not knowing that one pizza is, erm, quite large. We scarfed down the charcuterie plate. We eagerly waited for our pizza.Once three pizzas came to our corner of the table (it's sort of like cafeteria seating so we were sitting next to other people at the same table), we had such difficulty finding room for the three large pizzas. I got the mushroom one. My brother got a standard sausage one. And my best friend got -- honestly the BEST pizza I have ever had -- a kale, egg, and sausage pizza. Um, we finished everything. Hungry folks are hungry!It was also the day after my birthday, so the staff gave us a complimentary dessert thing. SO NICE. Amazing experience. Now that my brother has moved to Seattle, visiting him is the perfect excuse to keep coming back to Serious Pie.Really enjoyed the food, service and ambiance of Serious Pie. We arrived to a long line of waiting diners. Fortunately we were told it would only be a 20-25 min. wait and the hostess did a great job of moving things along quickly.The setting is a bar height long tables that are shared community table style. If you have a big group, you can likely have one all to yourselves. As a party of 2, we got a corner spot next to the window.What we had:Sunchoke salad - goodOctopus - goodSpecial Pie - good not greatMushroom Pizza - really deliciousBudino - yummyPear Tart - loved thisBottle of Cabanon - loved this too!Overall really loved the local vibe and warm, fun setting. Definitely recommend.Serious Pie gives you serious portions of pizza. We saw some of the smaller pies people got for happy hour, so we foolishly ordered three. By the time our first two arrived, we were overwhelmed. We ended up cancelling the third one, but the waitstaff was completely understanding and ended up finishing it up for another customer who ordered the exact same thing.But back to the pizza. The yukon potatoes were great, but the lamb on the other one was incredible. It really complemented the olives and artichokes. Keep in mind that the bread is a little thin, but we loved the style nonetheless.Serious Pie is the spot you dream about when rich when high school kids are stoned off of their asses. "What if we put like, chicken wings on a pizza? Yeah, and some white truffle oil.. duuuuuuude"Imagine how dangerous that would be? Incredibly stoned and having all these decadent pizza pies ready for your consumption.LOL, marijuana use is legal in Seattle.. and Serious Pie is located in Seattle.i've had pizza in Rome, Florence, and Venice.Serious Pie isn't super authentic but it's god damn delicious. They add the ingredients necessary for adding that delicious 'MERICAN twist!***IF YOU DON'T ORDER THE WHITE TRUFFLE PIZZA, LEAVE NOW.BUFFALO MOZARELLA is good, typical pizza pie nothing special.POTATO PIZZA... ehh, nothing special. wouldn't order again.SAUSAGE PIZZA.. see above.We wanted our leftovers boxed up and he came with two boxes. We were carrying the boxes around the city the entire day when I opened one and he saved all ofthe crust for us! LOL #sokindsave yourself the trouble, whip out a $100 and order 4 white truffle pizzas. private message me for my address so you can thank me later.While we were in Seattle we yelped a good pizza restaurant and decided to give SP a try.  Let me tell you, the pizzas were packed with flavor!  They are thin crust and from the few options that were on the menu we were able to try three kinds.  We liked it so much that we went to another location the second night we were in Seattle.  The only thing we found weird at first was sitting so close to other people in one farm style table, but in the end, it really didn't matter at all.  Would definitely recommend!This place is definitely overrated. My boyfriend and I were greeted by a crowd of people at the door at 8:30 PM - usually a good sign for great food so we decided to wait the estimated 45 minutes provided by the hostess. The waiting area was cramped, dark and uncomfortable. When we finally got seated we were placed next to a group of strangers. We sat so close they could hear and responded to the conversation that my boyfriend and I were having. The waitress didn't seem as friendly, however. I simply asked for a warm glass of water with lemon which was greeted with a sigh and look of disappointment that I had requested anything other than a cold glass of water.The food itself was decent. We ordered the Chanterelle and Truffle Cheese (my preference) & Sweet Fennel Sausage pie. Although both had good flavor, there was nothing unique about these pies.Overall, the pies are decent tasting, but not with the price and wait time. They could have at least been generous with the serving size.This was mediocre for the price that I have paid. My pizza was presented to me in a very unattractive manner- Burnt spots and the ingredients slapped on it at random places. It didn't even taste great either.I came in before the game and since I'm a single... I got seated in the back. But no one served after the customers later and then the waiter noticed me. He recovered by comp-ing my beer. So good on him for working it out!Serious Pie is more like a pizza style flatbread. But it's really good!  So good that I finished the sausage pizza and ordered a mushroom pizza to go.Can't go wrong in this place.YUM. Fancy pants thin crust pizza with really interesting topping combinations. A little on the pricey side so don't come too hungry and share! Tom Douglas coconut cream pie. TO DIE FOR. GET IT!!This might be one of my new favorite dinner spots downtown, and it's a Tom Douglas! I recently went to Serious Pie for a birthday dinner and I was pretty impressed. I always value a restaurant where the menu doesn't exceed one page. The restaurant is pretty small and tucked away right on the cusp of downtown Seattle and Belltown. When you walk in the ambiance is fairly casual and there are large high tables lined on either side of the restaurant with high chairs. If you are dining with just 2-4 people, you just might share the other end of your table with another couple. We tried an olive oil based pizza with potatoes and herbs as well as a tomato based pizza with savory sausage and cheese. They were both DELICIOUS. The pizza wasn't too heavy like a lot of pizzas. The thin crust and perfect balance of ingredients makes this pizza easily a one to two person meal. Two pizzas was enough for the three of us leaving room for dessert! Luckily for me, the dessert special of the night was THE famous Tom Douglas coconut cream pie. YUM! Do yourself a favor and try Serious Pie, you'll thank me later.We went for happy hour and tried 4 different half-sized flavors: yukon gold potato, seasonal mushrooms, mortadella, and fennel sausage.  Our top 2 were the mortadella and fennel sausage pizzas, though we were in disagreement over which of those two was the overall winner, so we'll just call it a tie.  Both are great for different reasons.Their crust is heavenly and incomparable. I recommend the truffle pizza personally*, but they all have the amazing crust so try them all! I don't consider this my favorite pizza place only because that would be unfair to pizza. It might not satisfy a traditional pizza craving, but it is one of my favorite restaurants that I try to find any excuse to go to. *I'm an avid foodie and vegetarianYes. I'm a fan. Great thin crust, hand-tossed, wood-fired, pacific northwest inspired pizzas. The fiancee loves it too, and she is vegetarian. Over multiple visits we have devoured the buffalo mozarella + red sauce, the seasonal mushrooms + truffle, the sweet fennel sausage, and more. Those are my favorite ones, however. They have a pretty decent wine selection, I don't like their sangiovese, but their chianti is good; the pours are all rather healthy and typically compliment the pizza well. Get the coconut cream pie for dessert, you'll not regret it. The only, very minor, teeny-weeny shortcoming is the seating arrangement. If it's just the 2 of you, and you happen to be in the middle two on the communal tables that seat 6, it can get a bit cramped. Otherwise it is a no-brainer!Great Pizza great enviroment. The seating can get a bit wonky. The beer is cold and there is plenty of parking during non day hours.Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  And that's the end of my review.  Wait, a few more things: you like wood fire, thin crust, simple pizza?  Eat here.  If you want greasy, cheese and pepperoni pizza within 10 minutes of ordering, this isn't recommended for you.  The place was tight fitted; like a snug sweater.  And it's true that you can hear conversations around you.  But the truth is, it should be so quiet since everyone is stuffing their mouths with good food.  Maybe that was just me: no talking, just eating.What in the world are people reviewing on this restaurant?  We walked over to Serious Pie from the pier because the reviews were very good.I am sorry, but it is NOT good.  Everyone at the place looked at their food, like, REALLY?  This is what I ordered?Turns out that pie is pizza, but it is pizza that is dominated with mushrooms and things that you typically don't like on pizza.  We had a table for four, there were two of us, and they put another couple at our table.  It was weird.  On top of the fact the food wasn't good, the good news was that it was expensive for what you get.All I can say, is you just need to order an appetizer and you will see exactly what I am talking about.I will never eat at this place again.This place is pretty damn good. I'd give 5 stars if the portions were a little bigger or if it was a tiny bit cheaper. I've been here 3 times and I'm sure I'll be here again. The service was fine. The seating could be improved - for this price I'd expect my own table instead of sharing a bench with others when I'm on a date.Tried Serious Pie for the first time this Friday night after hearing so much about it, and I feel a little conflicted about it.  In terms of the food, we ordered mushroom truffle pizza and the buffalo mozzarella pizza.  I thought the mushroom truffle one was really good and definitely pretty unique.  The buffalo mozzarella was also good, but a little bland and could have used more cheese as there were a few slices that were almost pure crust.  It was still good, but we should have probably been more adventurous and tried something else.  The main complaint I have about this place though was the seating situation.  It was only two of us and we were put at a 6 person table with another family who had small children. The parents was arguing, and the little kids were knocking things over and making a mess near me. This created a really awkward situation and made for the entire meal to be rather unpleasant which was really disappointing since I was trying to catch up with a friend who was visiting from out of town. I would definitely go back to Serious Pie for that mushroom truffle pizza since it was so good, but would request a private table next time and avoid the communal tables for sure.Aside from the delicious cured meats and unexpected ingredients that grace their pizzas, the dough is what makes the Serious Pie pizza special. They're bread makers at heart, and that is especially evident in the dough they use. It's texturally everything you could want--the ideal convergence of crispy and chewy.Though I know that for the anti-social Seattlelite heart, the thought of sharing a table with strangers and eating a meal makes you cringe inside. Cowboy up and deal with it, it's just pizza.Service was ok and food was decent, but portions were small and prices were high.  With that said, I didn't leave feeling satisfied.  I kind of felt secretly ripped off.   Tom Douglas has a reputation in Seattle.  I do believe it is overly exaggerated. For a mainstream and highly appraised chef, I expect more.  At this price bracket, for a pizza, I expect high quality products, good portion, reasonable prices, and perfect/nearly perfect preparation.  Something just didn't balance out and I left disappointed.  I know these are designer pizzas, but I think I'll stick to Tutta Bella's.I'm gonna have to go with decent, but not the best thing ever, unfortunately. I really enjoyed my buffalo mozzarella, tomato sauce, and basil pizza, but my complaints are thus: the crust was super salty. Like, someone had to seriously roll this in salt. And I'm not exactly opposed to salty. Just, it ruined the taste of the brick oven cooked bread. Also, the basil was kind of scant. I can't even tell if it was fresh because it was in little strings instead of the leaves like I've seen before on traditional Italian pizza. And I get it. This is traditional with a twist. Just, in my case, the twist might've needed to twist in a slightly less salty direction.I also am NOT a fan of the seating. If you're not into community tables, avoid this place. We also had a hard time figuring out what the heck was going on when we walked in and saw nothing but community tables but the hostess was in the back doing something. We stood around for a couple of minutes trying to figure out if this was seat-yourself and were surprised to find that it wasn't given the informality of the setup.But the place stays busy, and it really isn't bad pizza. It just isn't that spectacular either.I can't makeup up my mind about this place. $18 for a thin crust pizza? Eh. No drinks under $3 (well, besides water)? Hmm, no thanks. I understand they're trying to make it a nicer pizza place, however it's tough to feel that way when you feel crammed together with people you don't know and you can't hear the person you're dining with. Upon seeing the prices, my boyfriend and I settled on splitting a yukon gold potato pizza. It was pretty bland, but it wasn't terrible by any means. There were a few burnt areas on the crust, though despite this I did like the thin crust. The rosemary was a nice addition. The waitress was nice, the host was nice, etc. The atmosphere was nice (despite being crammed). This is a place I wanted to try because of the hype, however, in my opinion, it didn't live up to the crazy amount of great reviews. I think I'd rather go to MOD pizza, which also has thin crust, is a personal pizza, and is also cheaper.WOW, how have I not written a review for this place yet? It's the best pizza I have ever had. I don't get caught up in any kind of "I'm from New York/Chicago/wherever and this is just like/nothing like the New York/Chicago style pizza I'm used to". I just know when things taste delicious, and this stuff does. My only problem with this place is that I can't ever decide which pizza to get, and I always have some regret that I can't get some kind of mash-up with a different topping on every slice. But then when I get mine, it's so delicious that I forget all my worries and just dig in. yukon gold potato/rosemary/pecorino romano and roasted mushrooms/truffle cheese are probably my 2 favorites. Or whatever seasonal pizza is on the menu. FYI, they put on a pizza class most Saturday mornings here, you can sign up at the tomdouglas website. You learn how to stretch the dough, pick your own toppings and bake up a specialty pie and get to enjoy some wine as well. It's a lot of fun!Great pizza and phe-NOM-enal biscuits!A fun pizza joint, part of the Tom Douglas empire...but it's good to know the pizza is flatbread and you're not necessarily getting New York or Chicago style here.   You will get a choice of fun toppings, a good wine selection, and a fun vibe.  This location is the busiest, so if you want Serious Pie with less wait you should check out the South Lake Union location.Amazing oven fired pizzas. Pricey but creative. Community seating. Tiny place. Ok beer selection.  Small menu. Surprisingly clean and fast.  Be prepared to wait but so worth it. We shared a bowl of squash soup that was hearty and creamy.  Loved the crushed hazelnuts as a garnish. The pizzas are perfect for sharing.  Good size for a heart appetite or shareable for most with smaller.  Loved every bite. A must try in downtown Seattle.Kale salad is perfectly dressed and nicely sour. Pizza always thin and hot - I like the soft egg, proscuitto, and arugula.environment: The restaurant is casual with high tables and high chairs.  It seems to be a pretty popular spot, so there was of course a wait time.  We arrived at 820pm on a saturday and waited for about 45 minutes for a table.  The waiting area had seats for about 8 people and not a lot of standing room.  There was also a water dispenser that waiting customers could use, which i liked.  I also enjoyed  being able to watch the staff make the pizzas while we were waiting to be seated.Customer service:  The hostess who greeted us was friendly and accurate on letting us know how long of a wait it would be to get seated.  Our server on the other hand seemed to be very short with us and got upset with me when i asked for hot water in addition to my ice water.  In her defense, she did look very busy and was also very knowledgeable when i asked her about the items on the menu.Food:  We ordered the pie with mushrooms and another one with sausage and peppers.  I liked the flavors of both pizzas and enjoyed the crunchy and thin crust.Price: definitely overpriced for stone fire cooked pizza ($15 avg/pie), but it was very good.Conclusion:  If i was in the mood for a thin crust stone fire cooked pizza in seattle i would come here again, but with all the good restaurants in seattle to choose fro, i don't see myself coming here againGood pizza place in Seattle.It's much different from any other pizzerias with unique ingredients and their baking style.I prefer thicker crust and dough but it's not bad at all.The price is a little bit on the high end and they don't have much space so you might have a 20-40 min wait.I would prefer Pegasus Pizza over this place!There must be crack in this pizza. Once you start, your stomach will turn into a bottomless pit. That truffle/mushroom pizza is no joke. Tried 3 different pizzas (truffle, margarita?, and lamb/mozzarella cheese) and they're all top notch. Also, try their coffee~soda drink. It literally tastes like a Black Russian sans alcohol (and a White Russian if you add creamer).Beautiful pizza, great service, large drink menu and casual but romantic ambiance. The candles are a nice touch and I didn't mind the communal tables at all, I still felt like I had my own seating.There can be a wait (as the place is tiny) and the pizza menu is very small, but the dough, ingredients and wait is worth it! They do take-out too!I know, I know. The wait is long and they don't take any damn reservations... at least not for 2 or 4. The food is good though. There's something about this location... I prefer it over the new-less-busy location in SLU. Favorites:+ Penn Cove Clam Pizza: surprising combination, but so delicious+ Truffle Cheese + Seasonal Mushrooms: because really? Truffle & cheese? Can you go wrong? And mushrooms... God's gift of umami to this earth. Not a huge fan of the potato pizza, it's kind of overkill to me, but it's been featured on Food Network. Some people like it.The crust is wonderful... the pizza is wood-fired and the ingredients are really quality. I'm a huge fan.In terms of style, this is Neapolitan-ish: thin crust, wood-fired, but a bit softer and puffier. I like a puffy-lipped pizza, but this pie had clearly gone a couple of rounds with Sugar Ray Robinson. I tried the egg, prosciutto and arugula pie. Recommended, though the arugula has a tendency to wander off. Minor structural integrity issues. In retrospect, some black pepper would have been welcome, though it didn't taste like it was missing anything.The pies are inconveniently sized, being slightly too large for one person and slightly too small for two. Half a pie plus half an appetizer per person is about right. I tried the charcuterie board; going from memory, it had prosciutto, unidentified house-cured meat, pork rillettes, cranberry chutney, breadsticks, various pickles, and almonds. That's right; we went double-prosciutto. It was all good, though I felt the breadsticks were unnecessary. Something to spread the rillettes on would have worked better.Over priced for what you pay for. Please go the Pieology. Same taste for HALF of the price.One of my favorite Tom Douglas restaurants.  The breakfast pizza and the clam pizza are my current favorites, but getting that nice bit of char on the crust which is already amazingly tasty makes me think that any of the pizzas will be great.I've heard some people say that Serious Pie isn't a pizza place. It's probably because if it is, there's no sense in debating the best pizza place in town when Serious Pie is the clear winner. I suppose there's more lively debate with it out of the running.Pros:- The crust is unlike any other pizza I've tasted before. Once you try it, you'll be hard pressed to find a comparison. It's light and crispy yet not cracker thin.- Many of the pies change with the local seasonal ingredients available so there's always something new on the menu.-If you like truffle, you have to try their truffle cheese and seasonal mushroom pizza.-Incredibly creative and delicious pizza combinations...Cons:-No reservations under 8 people makes for a long unpredictable wait...-Shared tables can be uncomfortable for some...If you're in Belltown, or downtown for that matter and considering pizza, you'd be making a mistake if you chose to go anywhere else.REALLY EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD PIZZA. My only annoyance & it's probably just me: Small space, community tables. I tend to go on off hours to avoid being crammed in next to people who think they're more interesting than they actually are.i am staying at the hotel across the street. i ate at serious pie for lunch a couple months ago. i just called 2 minutes before closing and successfully ordered a clam pizza. instead of telling me no, they were about to close, they proceeded to make one of the best pizzas this serious pizza eater has ever eaten. eat here if and whenever you canYou know, I want to like Tom Douglas restaurants. I really do. But honestly, this is just "decent" at best.I had the great privilege to have a private party that had the entire floor rented out at Serious Pie. Not only that, I had copious amounts of pizza served... now I'm not here to be a dick and describe the luxury of my experience. Honestly, I still don't really get the buzz that circulates about this pizza place.Sure the pie certainly tastes better with fresher ingredients, less sauce, and thinner bread. However, there really isn't that much special about this pizza place than what others are doing already. The only thing really worth eating was the mixed wild mushroom pizza.In the end, yea it's better than Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Papa John's. But seriously, you'll end up saying "I've had better" if you're from Chi-town or NY. It's overrated. This certainly feels as if everyone on this bandwagon is hopping on it because they believe that price matches the quality.What a great spot....perfect for a relaxed date night or meeting friends after work.  Only negative is the wait...they don't take reservations or call ahead but will take your name and cell so you can go down the street and enjoy a cocktail for what will be a 45 min wait on weeknights!  Well worth the wait ...pizza with great crust, fresh ingredients and a lively atmosphere!I frequent this place as much as possible. MUST TRY.The seasonal salads are amazing! Just pick one and you won't be disappointed.For pizza I ALWAYS grab the potato pizza with yukon gold, rosemary, and romano cheese pizza with an olive oil base (no tomato sauce). It opened a world of possibilities for me. I never looked back! I always try to recreate it at home. No other pizza place comes close with their imitations.Another amazing classic is the fennel sausage. Just the flavorness of the sausage, mixed with the tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese is mouth-watering. Never had dessert here, but I'm sure it's amazing.What makes this place five stars for me is the service. On my most recent occasion, we were debating between the fennel sausage and the daily special (involving kalamata olives). The special was so salty we couldn't eat it; we informed the waitress and a fennel sausage pizza arrived at our table 10 minutes later. Which was perfect since we just finished the potato pizza.The wine is also quite nice and VERY reasonably priced.Highly recommended. My tip: go for lunch when there's no line. Dinner and weekends are especially tough to get in... you'll be waiting for 45+ minutes.But go now and order that potato pizza, and may your life be forever changed.Good pizza, although in my book, this would qualify more as flatbread pizza. Pizzas are pretty tasty, about 8 square slices to each one. I would suggest for people to stay away from the starters/appetizers because they are quite overpriced for what they are, so just order more pizza. The server was very nice, she forgot my root beer, but gave it to me for free anyways even though I didn't want it anymore. It can get kinda crowded here, so definitely plan ahead.Oh my dear god it's delicious. The crust is fantastic! I get the mushroom pizza. One pizza feeds one person but it's so good you don't care. One star off for the wait to get a table. Go on a Tuesday!I think this is a great little place to bring your out of town guests or to go to on a date. I wouldn't recommend it for a group. Any more than four would be difficult, with their long tables and loud atmosphere. The food is great. In my opinion, they don't change the menu quite often enough. Oftentimes, my server neglects to tell me about the special and it doesn't occur to me until long after I've ordered. The crust of their pizzas are absolutely amazing. The servers are very busy. They are friendly, but pretty short with guests. Also, it's difficult to interact with them because of the style of the seating. I agree with other yelp reviews, parking is basically out of the question. There is a sketchy lot next to the building, but I wouldn't recommend it. Worth the walk from downtown. It's a little ways, which is kind of nice because it gets you away from all of the super touristy places.Bestest Pizza I've had... we tried their Today's Special it was sooo good. If you have a big stomach go get the whole pizza for yourself. Amazing!!What they say they serve is pizza, what they really serve here are great meals with very distinct flavors that are made to look like pizzas. This is beyond the gourmet pizza experience, and akin to camouflage. If pizzas like this were put into competition, everyone would complain about the Ringer entering the contest. The fennel sausage.... MINDS OUT OF THE GUTTER... damn, even after two other meals, breakfast and a few well crafted beers I still can't get forget about the taste. One can tell when the cook has put a lot of love into... (I said minds out of the gutter!!!)...  their craft. All of the herbs and spices tasted garden fresh.  I almost expected to walk outside and see the garden where they grow everything (there isn't but it tastes that fresh).And it's not the traditional American dough, but more of the Mediterranean style of bread... not exactly Italian, not exactly a pita. What ever you call it, this is REALLY good. The closest I can come up with is during my poor days in college, trying to make pizzas from the free pitas from Greek restaurant left overs, herbs and tomatoes from the garden and left over meats sent from my mom. And then someone spending years working with the combination, refining the process with really good ingredients, and perfecting it, rather than learning from an American pizza place. It's that kind of experience. Where one can taste the difference in the juices as the cheese and tomatoes and cooking oils don't blend in but rather compliment one another.And as everyone mentions, this place is packed. If you are small like me or are used to really crowded spaces with little elbow room, then this will not be a problem. My coworkers who I came here with, though, they didn't enjoy the cramped space as much. And plan ahead, as the demand to eat here is high, and the line can be long.Why do people love this place?!Yes, it's a Tom Douglas place, yes, it's been on the Food Network. But are we all still in highschool, just liking things that are deemed 'cool'?? I seriously think everyone that loves this place is just trying to convince themselves that the price, wait, etc was actually worth it. Which, *spoiler alert*!, it's not. First, there's always a crazy wait because it's tiny. So get ready to stand outside or stand shoulder to shoulder with strangers, as there's hardly any waiting space. Then, when you are finally seated, it will be at a cafeteria style table where you'll still be shoulder to shoulder with strangers. Your waiter/waitress will lack personality and service skills. Your pizzas will be tiny, lacking toppings, taste burnt and be crazy overly priced. The wine list is lacking. You will leave poor, hungry, and dissatisfied. I love his other restaurants, but I'd skip this place. There's much better pizza joints in downtown / Belltown that are awesome and won't cost you 20$ for a small pie. Save yourself, don't go here.The pizza here are all great, if you can deal with the crowds.  I have to ask for them to omit added salt on the pies as all the topping combos I've tried to date are salty enough without adding anyBeing this was my first time visiting Seattle, I did my research on good eats!  I love visiting new cities and trying new food places. That means no fast food (except Dick's which I'll save for another review) and no national chain restaurants.In my research, Tom Douglas' name kept popping up! I knew I couldn't try all this restaurants, but Serious Pie made the cut for a couple reasons. 1) Love to see how chefs can make pizza stand out 2) Looked at the menu and saw a bunch of unique ingredients.We went to Serious Pie on a Saturday around 5:30 pm. I've read Yelp! reviews that said there were 2 hour waits, so I was prepared to sit around for a while. To my surprise, our wait was only 10 min! We later found out it was because there was a college football game that day and it was delayed so the big crowd hadn't shown up yet. Lucky us!!! I just knew at that point it was going to be a good night haha.The restaurant is small, but had a lot of character. They had a few long tables, so you sat where they could fit you. We shared a table with two other groups. I didn't mind though. Their menu is simple, but if you ask, they do have specials. I forget what the special pizza was that night. We ordered the roasted golden chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza and the penn cove clams, pancetta tesa, lemon thyme pizza.The truffle one was our favorite. We are big fans of truffle and it was delish! I've never had a clam pizza, which is why we ordered it. Both pizza's were really good and between the two of us, we finished both! I love thin crust pizza and i love unique toppings.If I were to come back to Seattle, I would definitely hit this place up again and will recommend it to anyone visiting.I have been here 7 times and each time felt like it was better than the last. The food is consistently amazing. This is the best pizza in Seattle hands down!I never thought I would ever eat ham hocks and greens for breakfast but when I tell you their Ham hock and Greens Biscuit is the BOMB I am not lying.  It was a combo of sweet and spicy, it was like Sunday dinner in the middle of the week in the morning.  Very filling and very delicious!Visiting Seattle for the first time. Was recommended by my cousin, who lives there currently, the name does do it justice. We picked the Yukon Gold, Basil and Mozarella and one of the sausage pizzas...all were "seriously" good!!  Apparently the chef is quite a popular guy around Seattle. Can't wait to try more!Went here because I love pizza and Yelp told me too. haha.It was very good but not amazing and I had better (I had the prosciutto pizza or something). The price was NOT worth the pizza level of deliciousness. Something was off....it just didn't have the "wow" factor that I was hoping for.The pizza here is really hot, fresh and delicious.  This place does have a lot of patrons, especially on a Friday and Saturday night so try to come early to get a table.Basically, we got 3 pizzas:yukon gold, rosemary, romano cheese pizza - yummy, perfectly cooked potatoes.chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza - my favorite pizza here but i have a special spot mushrooms and truffle :)  A must have for sureclam, pancetta pizza - still good but our least favorite of the 3.  Not very special and not much of that "clam" taste in my opinion.I like serious pie and would come here again.  I wouldn't say it is the best pizza I've had but it is a great spot for really good pizzaWe stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and were seated in 5 minutes (tried to eat at Lola, but it was an hour wait for a table). Our party of three was seated in the middle of a table for 8 (communal seating), which was terrible spot for a conversation. However, we were hungry and wanted to get out of the rain. We ordered three pizzas to share:Clams and pancetta: this was my favorite. Although light on toppings, the combination of clams, pork, cheese and a great crust was really good.Mushroom and truffle oil: this was my second favorite, with a nice mushroom and truffle taste.Sausage: not bad, but I wasn't a fan of the peppers.Each pizza is around $17, so it isn't cheap. However, the crust is one of the best that I have tasted: not as thin as a Neapolitan style, with some salt sprinkled onto the crust.Overall, the food and the service was great, but the slightly high price and the communal seating knocks it down a notch. However, you can do worse then stopping by on a rainy afternoon and having a pizza and a beer (the root beer is also really good as well).P.S. Stop by Costco and pick up some gift cards for 20% off to offset the higher cost.My experience was in the reserve room for a birthday party. They require a minimum for the room. They had very good appetizers to start. Very small portions for price. Good service. Had our own waiter the whole night so we got everything right away.Pizza was very good. Only reason for minus one star from best score is due to the fact that I feel it's over priced overall in the menu. Also I enjoy pizza that has more quantity for toppings .Soooo good!  I don't need to say anything else!I've come here three times in the last three months. I've taken several friends and family there.I loved the ham hock and collard greens with a biscuit. The fried chicken with Tabasco and pepper gravy is also wonderful, perfect hangover breakfast. Most recently I got the fennel sausage-egg-biscuit sandwich - really, very good. Always have a mimosa.Haven't had the pie yet, but I'll be back soon.Serious Pie is serious about good pizza.  Every version is excellent (we have been there numerous times) and the quality is always excellent.  The pies are cooked in a "serious pizza" oven, too which certainly adds and enhances the flavor and quality. My favorite is the buffalo mozzarella.  Simple, yet very tasty.  The selection of wines by the glass are reasonable (both in quality and price; $6 to $10 per glass, red wine;, with good selection of Italian wines)Serious Pie is on the corner of Virginia and 3rd in downtown Seattle, so it is convenient to downtown shopping, site seeing.  I would highly recommend for serious pie eaters!Great place! The decor is beautiful and rustic and the waiters are super friendly and professional. We had the potato pizza and the fennel sausage pizza and both were delicious. The fennel sausage was quite burnt though, which is why we didn't give five stars. We each had a glass of Chianti with our food and it definitely worked best with the sausage pizza, however on its own it was a bit bland. We will definitely be back!Love the vibe this place has! Small seating area upstairs of Serious Biscuit with an awesome view of the downstairs bakery.Service: Okay. Waiter was nice and answered our questions, but nothing special.Food:1. Biscuit and Soup of the Week: Nice crunchy-on-the-outside biscuit and a soft fluffy inside. Loved it. The soup was a Southwest kind of soup with corn, beans, tomatoes, and lots and lots of black pepper. It was a little too spicy for me. The corn was delish though.2. Buffalo Mozzarella, Red Sauce, Fresh Basil Pizza: So bomb. Kinda sad they didn't have any meats on their pizzas but it was still amazing. All the ingredients were so fresh and flavorful, you could distinctly taste each ingredient. The crust was my favorite part - it was evenly salted and had such a great garlic-y flavor to it. Bottom Line: Definitely check this place out. Pizza was awesome, I really want to come back and try their other pizzas.Featured on the Food Network TV Show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" Best pizza ever...?  Quite possibly!  I was certainly impressed as I bit into my first bite of some seriously excellent pizza at Serious Pie.  Amazing!  We ordered two pizzas, their much raved about Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms Pizza with Truffle Cheese: topped with chantrelle mushrooms, truffle cheese, and grated parsley; and the Buffalo Mozzarella Pizza ($16), which is basically a margarita pizza: topped with a very tasty red sauce, Buffalo Mozzarella, and fresh basil.Both pizzas were awesome, I favored the Buffalo Mozzarella, as the sauce had the most amazingly fresh and tasty flavor complimented by the cheese and basil, finished with the olive oil to the crust.  Just amazing.The Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms Pizza with Truffle Cheese was good too, but I found the flavor a bit too bold and brutish for pizza, and favored the Mozzarella to the truffle cheese.Also of note, we were in a hurry when we were seated, and let our server know that, and they were wonderful about getting everything out and served quickly.  We were out and on our way with plenty of time, and that was much appreciated.All in all, a fabulous place to try, and just another place that makes me jealous of those of you who live in or close to Seattle and can actually come here on a regular basis.foodnetwork.com/videos/t…foodnetwork.com/local/wa… , WAOne of the best places I ate during my vacation to Washington!My boyfriend and I ordered 2 types of pizzas already knowing we wouldn't finish it. We just wanted to savor different flavors. We had the roasted chanterelle mushroom with truffle cheese pizza and the soft baked egg and prosciutto with arugula pizza. Both were very good. The crust was thin and crispy. It had a really artisanal taste. But the obvious winner was the roasted chanterelle mushroom with truffle cheese. My boyfriend and I love anything truffle so that sold us. Will definitely make it back if I ever go back to Seattle.Mind blowing pizza by Seattle's finest and most known chef Tom something. The reviews say it all. Get a reservation. Come early. Grab a drink or appetizer red velvet anything next door at Dahlia Lounge (same owner and considered a top 25 lounge/bar in the USA).$15 truffle roasted mushroom pizza. Outside of Italy, this is the best I've had. It's pretty filling, but even though you're full you'll want more pizza.Sweet fennel sausage, roasted red peppers and provolone ($17) is almost as good and with meat.I can say a million things, but if you go to Seattle and don't come here or Serious Pie or Dahlia Lounge (all by Tom whatever his last name is), you've missed out.Best pizza everrrrr! Had the pie that was featured on food network, best thing i ever ate, and it definitely did not disappoint!! It was the one with mushrooms and truffle cheese. SO GOODWish there was one in san francisco! :(Delish! The wait was only about 10 min for 2 of us. The beet appetizer was really good! The pizza's were great too! Portion-wise we could have got one to share but we wanted to try 2 flavours so we tried the sweet fennel sausage & mushroom truffle cheese. I don't like mushrooms and even the mushroom w/ truffle cheese was amazing! Definitely recommend this place if you are in the Seattle area & wanting to try something different!Seriously worth it.This was our first stop in Seattle, and although the service was just mediocre, the pizza is yummy! The ingredients are fresh, the chefs are sweet and helpful, and the pizzas are best with an egg.Must add the egg.Throw in a pitcher of beer and you got yourself a perfect lunch.Pizza was soggy (crust was good and crispy but the center was a wet blanket). Wait staff was terrible, demeaning, and rushed us to leave (more tables more money). Beer selection was limited, and I think 'limited' is more than fair, especially for a pizza joint.I actually came here on a Savor Seattle Food Tour and sampled the Yukon Gold Potato and the Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizzas, and I was instantly hooked, so much so that I kept thinking about the damn Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizza for the rest of the day. My bf and I actually went out of our way to return to Serious Pie the following afternoon so we could have a whole pizza to ourselves, and we weren't even hungry.Was it worth it? I think so. The Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizza was unusually salty the second time around, but I still loved the crispy crust with the perfectly gooey melted cheese. If you love mushrooms, cheese, and truffle flavors, this pizza was seriously made for you.The pizzas are a little spendy here, but I figured since I only ate shitty pizza as a child, I might as well treat myself to fancy pizza as an adult.While the pizza was authentic and very delicious, I am very disappointed in the service and will not be returning. This was my first time ever coming in and while our host was friendly, our server was not only impatient, but downright rude. Because of a dietary requirement my friend and I share, we asked many questions about substitutions for meat and a few toppings on the pizzas. While our server answered our questions, she did so impatiently. Once we got our pizza, my friend overheard her bad-mouthing us to a coworker. Fine. Whatever. But when she walked past us, she bumped into me really hard with the tray and didn't even apologize. Needless to say, I did not tip her well and I refuse to eat there again, which is a shame because without the $3 charge per substitution, our pizza would have been a great deal and worth a return visit.Not my favorite Tom Douglas place. The seating is crammed and the pizza is ok, nothing spectacular. Yes there is fresh ingredients but not the place to go if you want a regular pepperoni pizza. I'm usually a fan of local organic fresh produce in my meal, but I think this place is trying to go too far with it's selection of pizza choices. I don't want potatoes or clams on my pizza, sorry.The Food:  I was only here because my friend's care got booted and we were waiting four hours for the police to 'unlock' it for us after paying the fine.  In any event, we only ordered a few beers, but the pizzas looked very delicious and made of interesting ingredients. The Service:  The service was quick enough.This will be a pretty short summary, as we were just killing time.  The place seemed fairly busy and like a regular neighborhood hang-out. May come again if I ever find myself near this part of town randomly.Had to get a last-minute room. Ended up at Andra. I had a nice overnight there on a last-minute internet deal. When I asked about dinner, staff pointed me across the street to SP. It was lively and real. Best pizza I've ever had in every way except there was not enough cheese. Had their version of a Margherita Pizza. If there'd been enough cheese for more than one or two bites per piece, I'd give it 10 stars. Waitress was fast and nice. Nice glass of blanco. Will come here again when I need a pie fix.After a travel day from hell and being in town for the Rock N Roll Seattle marathon I sure as hell needed carbs by 7P the night before the race.I was a wee bit delirious and wandered several blocks in the wrong direction before realizing Serious Pie was literally steps from the door of my hotel.Whatever, I made it there! Service was awesome! I walked in, asked for a table for 1 - was told 10-15 minutes and was offered a glass of wine (it didn't quite make its way to me until walking to my table to be seated but the staff are really all awesome here.)I sat inside waiting and glancing over the menu and was promptly sat at one of their high top communal tables which seat 6. I met a bunch of awesome people while there. For anyone who does not suffer from social anxiety (which I sure as shit do not, although I have my moments of not wanting to be bothered) this is a fantastic, friendly approach to dining over pizza and drinks. If you aren't comfortable with this approach ordering to-go will certainly be the route you'll wish to take unless you've popped your Zoloft.I asked for the special of the day but then opted for what my server said was one of the more popular pies - fennel sausage, peppers and provolone.This was excellent! The crust was very tasty and my wine was great.I'd definitely recommend this place and return if in Seattle again.Oh! I also asked them to charge my phone in the back, with my charger - they kindly did and then brought it back to me - so me, the one who trust no one EVER obviously felt comfortable and at ease here which speaks volumes to the service and environment (well, mainly the folks who are employed here).I was expecting more of a variety at this place. The price is kind of high for a pizza that barely feeds two. We got the Yukon Gold and added sausage and I was pretty surprised at how good it was. The crust was amazing as well.What can I say that hasn't already been said? We loved our dinner here! Salad was fresh, simple and delicious. Had the yukon gold potato, rosemary and pecorino pizza. The potatoes were cut super thin and cooked to perfection. The rosemary was not overdone. The thin crust was yummy and thin and a little burnt in spots. You could tell that the ingredients were fresh. Everything looked amazing at other tables, too. 45 minute wait on a Sunday night ... put your name in and they will text you when your table is ready. We took a stroll around the neighborhood and over to the market. Seating is at longish tables, so you will be sitting right next to someone you don't know. Fairly kid friendly. A little bit spendy, but we split stuff. I REALLY enjoyed our meal here -- highly recommended.Pizza was good but service left something to be desired! Ordered a signature pizza and asked politely to hold the peppers. Apparently that offended somebody and I got extra peppers on my pie. Horrible snooty attitude. But picked them off and ate anyway.Consistently tasty pizza...  Reasonably priced and excellent for groups.Highly recommend whatever their current soft boiled egg pizza is (other toppings change seasonally), it's always a winner.I didn't have time to wait on line at Salumi so I had to settle for Serious Pie.  Not a bad consolation prize.  The pizza is in the same vein of a Mozza but not in the same class.  I've never liked pies with the cornmeal like grainy bottom. The 8 person chef table with $350 minimum was a great table in the back where all the action was.  The only gripe was being handed a bill with a $68 minimum table charge added to the bill without any warning that we were still $68 shy of the minimum.  We quickly remedied this by ordering more alcohol but you coulda said something. The kale salad was very good as advertised.  Kale is like the hottest thing since sliced bread.  The best of the pizzas were the mushroom and sausage.  Good red sauce and well made oblong thin crust pizzas.  I certainly don't think this would warrant a long wait as others have mentioned but certainly a fine place for some drinks and pizza with friends.Seriously, who hasn't been here?  Saw on Trip Advisor that Seattle is officially the number 5 city in the US for pizza, owing to our fresh locally-sourced ingredients and artisan pizzas, such as those from serious pie.  Try my favorite - mushrooms and truffle cheese, accompanied by a root beer float - YUM!Tom Douglas does an amazing job with any restaurant, so if you are in the mood for pizza, you've got to try this one!  Why not a 5?  It is just a bit too artisan for someone like me who grew up with Chuck E Cheese and Pizza Hut (with RoundTable occasionally for special occasions!)Good pizza, had the sausage and pepper.  Also had the kale salad.  Family style seating is kinda cool.Wow, this place was very extraordinary!Such a nice little date spot (although keep in mind the wait can be very long on busy nights - took 2 hours for me & the BF which we spent walking around Pike's Market instead!), with amazing food and drinks.Ended up getting the starter which had duck bacon, chanterelles and a few other ingredients which just felt perfect together. Such the right item to start things off with, especially with some glasses of wine (I had the erste+neue edelvernatsch 2010). The pizza (soft cooked free range eggs, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugula) was delicious as well, although between sharing with two people, I still felt a bit hungry afterwards.Loved this place, and I hope to visit it if I'm ever around the area again.They guy who ownes the place is really great. He takes the time to talk to each of his customers and make them feel special. The pies were ok. I found them a little bit dry but that is only a personal preferance. It is definatley worth a try.I would go back just because the customer service was that good.I came into this restaurant with fairly high expectations, given that all the reviews on yelp (and elsewhere) were glowing. The atmosphere when you walk in (even during lunch) is really nice. Although you'll probably be sharing a table with another couple during busier hours, my friend and I got there early enough that it was still empty. It's quiet and rustic without seeming too dark. You're able to see the chefs in the back actually prepping the ingredients and cooking the pizzas, which is interesting since most kitchens are closed off from the actual eating area. It added to the intrigue of the restaurant. It's an excellent place to go to with a group, although I'd recommend making a reservation first. The service was good. Waitress didn't hang around our table too much, but she didn't disappear down some rabbit hole. Attentive, but not overbearing. It was a perfect medium. I ordered a pizza with golden chantarelle mushrooms and truffle cheese. I can't stop thinking about how delicious it was. The mushrooms retained all their delicious flavor and juciness, the cheese was perfectly melted and not oily or piled on too high. The crust was thin and crisp, which to me means that the ingredients used in making the whole pizza were fresh and high-quality. The edges are also salted, which I thought was interesting. I wish I knew how they made the crust though... flat and crisp on the outside, flaky and airy on the outside. It was just perfect. I also ordered a Brasilena, which I highly recommend to those who like coffee. It's a carbonated, sweetened coffee-type beverage made in Italy. It was refreshing (almost like a coke, without that sickeningly sweet taste) -- I wish I knew where else I could get my hands on it.  At around $20 per person, it's not the least expensive place to go, but i think it's well worth the price. The pizzas are made on the spot and clearly it's a popular joint (by 12 the place was already filling up quite quickly). I definitely want to come back again, especially since most pizza places in Seattle can't hold a light to Serious Pie.I was wondering why this place is called "Serious" Pie. Well now I know, because Tom Douglas makes some seriously awesome pies!I came here while visiting two friends in town, and I couldn't have imagined a better place to have a dinner and catch up. Comfy atmosphere, great service, and some amazing pizza pies. The 'za with penn cove clams, house pancetta, and chilies is in my top three pizzas from across the country, and I've had some pies of art to be reckoned with. It screamed Seattle with the clams, yet reminded you that it's a pizza and you best not forget it. The crust was perfectly crispy, with a brush of butter and kosher salt that was the cherry on top of the sundae. We also had the margherita pizza and the 'za with yukon gold potato, rosemary, and pecorino - both worth dreaming of as well.If you want a religious pizza experience, be sure to swing by Serious Pie. Long wait? No worries. Put your cell number down on the list and go around the corner to Tom Douglas' Dahlia Lounge. Great drinks and atmosphere to kill time while waiting.I would have given this place 5 stars before, but the pizza is not as good as it used to be.  The last couple of times I visited, I found the pizza to be too greasy.  To be fair, it's not greasy like Pizza Hut pizza.  Instead, their pizzas appear to have been brushed with too much olive oil.  The pizza is also pricey for what you get - relatively large one-person pie with few toppings.The root beer float is a must try though.  The affogato is good too.My favorite "fancy" pizza in Seattle. The Yukon Gold Potato pizza is something that I crave. LOVE it! 2nd favorite is the sweet fennel sausage. It's a long wait for a table, but it's worth every second of it. Calling ahead and picking up is the best option though.Yeah, I probably don't need to add much to promote a tom douglas pizza joint, but both meals I have had were FANTASTIC.  the last pie with the heirloom tomatoes and basil and roasted peppers - OMG.  couldn't get enough.These are some pretty good pizzas. Thin, crispy crusts. Ordering from the menu, if you're not a hipster or a foodie or a chef, may require googling some of the ingredients on your smartphone. That would explain some of the prices too...My favorite was probably the potato pie, but the group favorite was the truffle one. We literally ordered every single pie on the menu.The drinks are meh (with the exception of the housemade root beer), so if I were to return here, I would stick to the pizzas.Bottom Line:  Incredibly crusty pizza with unique toppings.In a Few Words:     Food: Super fresh salads and unique ingredients on a crispy crust     Drinks:  Beer, wine and mocktails     Atmosphere: Casual and hip with lots of community tables     Service: A little hit and missThe Details:Seriously, they have some good pie here.  Pizza pie that is!I heard Serious Pie was supposed to be tasty and since I love pizza, I figured I had to make my way there while in Seattle, especially since I had already worked my way through a few other Tom Douglas restaurants.   I was in Seattle for business and was a party of one so the community tables at the peak hour were a little too extroverted for me, not to mention it was a 30 minute wait. So, I headed over for lunch the next day and got one of the few small tables that seat two.  I started with one of the salads from the menu and ordered the special of the day pizza.  Drats, I wish I could remember what was on that pizza but I know it had little succulents on it and goat cheese.  On paper the combo was weird but when you come to a restaurant like this you have to have faith so I went for it!  No regrets.  I would definitely recommend Serious Pie and would go again.The best Seattle has to offer. Great Pizza, great service good value and it was all I could do to stop myself from ordering a second pizza for desert.  The Crust is amazing, Sausage as good or better than the best Chicago  has to offer.  This is a top shelf place.  We loved it.Got the salsiccia pie--not bad, but good if you really like Italian sausage.  Great place--lovely atmosphere.  Good for groups.bomb.com. price point was good too. and as always... a line :/ still youll see they got 5 stars. walking distance from lola's and nordstrom rack!I want to really like Serious Pie. The crust is good, but the toppings are sparse and mediocre for what you pay. It's more like flatbread with some skimpy interesting toppings. If you're looking for New York style pizza, this isn't it.We've been to this place for so many times now. I got quite lazy posting reviews for places like Serious Pie because they're already very well-reviewed, so another one wouldn't do much different. But here it is anywayThis is probably the best pizza we have had anywhere, other than the pizza that we make ourselves at home (but of course this is an unfair comparison). The crust is just at the right level of thickness for people who like thin crusts. The toppings are quite creative and delicious. Well, I'm only talking about the Penn cove clam pizza actually. We tried all other pizzas (except for the daily specials, of course) and now the only thing we'd order is the penn cove clams pizza. Sometimes if we have more than two people, we'll order the wild mushroom, but this has been a hit and miss (ask them what mushrooms are available, the past 3 mushrooms pizza we had were all different every time)The root beer here is also great, we even went to the company who made it (forgot the name, they're in Lyncwood) and got a keg  for a party, everyone loved itWe originally stopped by here around 6pm on a weekday.  It was packed and there was a line out the door along with a 30 minute wait.  We decided to go watch a movie and come back.  We arrived closer to around 10pm and there was no wait. We ordered their lomo charcuterie plate which was really good!  My husband was raving about it and couldn't stop talking about it for our whole trip! We also ordered the Roasted Chanterelle Mushroom and Truffle Cheese Pizza which was really good!  It came out piping hot with a fluffy doughy crust and melted cheese.  It was really good pizza! We had an awesome meal with some great service!  Our waitress was really nice and friendly and gave us some good recommendations!The fennel sausage pizza here rocks.  I came here after Comicon and really enjoyed the pizza and beer.  My son liked his pizza too, and he is very picky about his pizza.I had the chicken pot pie and a key lime pie. The key lime pie was really good. Not too sweet.The savory pies are delicious too. They were kept in a freezer and then reheated, but they were made that day. They were the only place open late on sunday night too. It was perfect!I really love the small cozy environment inside though. The finishes are gorgeous and it makes it a really cozy comfortable place to eat!It wasn't what I expected. The menu is limited, which is okay. We had to wait a whole hour just for our spot. The seating is different; long tables that you share with total strangers, which is fine, but the amount of room you have is minimal. Don't even think about going to the bathroom during dinner.The pizzas are big enough to feed one person. The crust is thin and the sauce is delicious. Just wish there was more to choose from.This is pizza worth going out for!I totally get the "1500 Reviews and Almost-Perfect Yelp Score" hype.  Pizza is damn good, service is impeccable, alcohol is priced right, atmosphere is social and parking is available across the street.Came here with 4 gals before walking to a movie at Cinerama (perfect plan).  Arrived at 5:30pm on a Friday and had plenty of seating to choose from.  An hour later, it was getting pretty tight in there!  So come early!*Also the sign is pretty small and I almost walked past it so be careful.I like the social tables, street-view windows and the service.  Bearded fellow was quick, helpful with the specials and offered to split the check.  (Thank you.)I vill be Bach.Awesome and unique pizzas. Very casual and community seating. Love this placeRude and unprofessional... I unfortunately had the displeasure of going in there yesterday and standing there unattended for what felt like forever without being greeted even though there were obviously a plethora of employees there that were clearly on the clock. Several of them did not appear busy in the least, and yet they avoided eye contact with me and only spoke amongst themselves. I tried my darnedest several times to get some sort of service or even a smidgen of acknowledgment, but to no avail... After reaching my limit of patience, I left never to return and vowed that I would save as many poor souls as I can from this horrible establishment. Perhaps the way I was dressed or the color of my skin caused them to conduct themselves thusly... Regardless, I shall not return to find out...For what you get, it's a bit overpriced, but for lunch nearby the Amazon SLU offices, it's pretty easy to get to, reasonably fast, and great for sharing.I mean, I like pizza just as much as most people, but the thin crust and high prices (almost $20 for many topping combos) make it a bit unsatisfying at times.That being said, the atmosphere is great, the long communal tables are awesome, and the view down into the bakery kitchen is amazing. I would go back...especially if lunch were being expensed!Delicious pies, great happy hour. Personally, I love the combination of unusual and local toppings with the salty, cornmeal-dusted crust. It's a great place to take visitors. But if you like a lot of sauce, or you're really expecting East Coast-style pizza, Serious Pie won't be for you. The pies are also a lot smaller than a typical pizza: three pies were perfect for four people.I'm taking away a star because it is so crowded in that tiny space. The door guy is a serious stickler for only seating you when every single person is there, which is a pain, but perhaps understandable given the tininess.I wouldn't recommend Serious for high-pressure dining (i.e., before a show, or if you are with people who get angry when they are hungry), but if you are having a kind of casual day where you can drift by and see if they just might have space for you, the food is just very, very good. Or takeout! That might be rad.Hmmm, what to choose for my last meal on the planet?? Yep, this pizza would be in my top 5. When you sink your teeth into a slice, and after the earth shattering glory finishes it's first deafening wave, you can't help but say aloud, "DAMN, that's one fine ass pie!". You will then be making a mental note to start a special savings account just to pay for the teleportation of this pie to your lips before you die. The CRUST, oh lordy, that crust has the perfect melody of buttery, slightly salty, fluffy, yet perfectly crisp crust kissed by smokey fire just the right way. It boasts the lasting perfectness to melt away any other love affairs. THIS is your structure to hold all of your selectively choice ingredients that will make you want to kiss a cow, and swing a farmer round and round until this pizza can be had by all.Yes, you will probably have a wait during any day of the week, but LO AND BEHOLD, there is a bar at the end of the block to satiate your desire for booze, and to keep you within the 5 minute walk for when they call you to share the glorious news of your available table. Our group of four shared the Sausage and Pepper, the Buffalo Mozzarella, and the Clam and cheese pizzas. All were so amazing, I wouldn't dare to state a favorite... BUT, I will share that if you care for clams, admire cheese enough to be your kin, and know what it is to have delightfully warm olive oil drip over your tongue, then you must have this pizza!!! Seriously, stop what ever you are doing and get there. For the sake of your last taste, DO IT!Get the buffalo or sausage pizza, ask them to hold the extra salt. I don't know why they put salt on top of the pizza...Anyways, tastes fantastic when they don't burn the crust too much. I always take people here, as if the 2k positive reviews aren't convincing enough.Ps you get the same pizza at serious biscuit (no really it's the same owners menu) but they actually have seating and aren't a hole in the wall.I was so excited to try this place since I am a huge pizza fanatic!  Was a little bummed they don't take reservations, but read the reviews about them taking your cell number so we planned this into our schedule.We made our way over here after taking the underground tour at pioneer square around 6:30 or so on a Saturday night.  Wait was 30-40 minutes. No problem, they took our phone number, and told us they would call when a table was ready. We went back to our hotel to change and headed back over in the perfect amount of time!  Fifty Shades fans, the Escala apartments are right near by for a quick photo op!They have communal table set up so my group of 3 was squeezed in between a middle aged couple on their 4th or 5th date and another group of 3 that kept talking about Alcatraz (couldn't figure out their relationship--kid, mom and babysitter maybe?). At first we thought it was a little weird to be eating on top of other people, but it made for some interesting eavesdropping/entertainment for the night.Let's get to the food!!!  We got the summer squash salad, peach bruschetta, buffalo mozzarella pizza and truffle and mushroom pizza. 1) Peach bruschetta- AMAZING!  I have never thought of putting peaches on bruschetta but this worked really well. The cheese on this was great too.2) Squash salad- also delicious but not as good as the bruschetta3) Buffalo mozzarella pizza- this was my friend's pizza so I didn't eat as much of it but tried the cheese and it was heavenly4) Truffle and mushroom pizza- this was the star of the show!  So amazing! The crust on their pizza is perfect, the mushrooms were plentiful and delicious and the cheese was amazing.  GET THIS PIZZA!Overall great experience, hope to go back to Seattle to try some of the other Tom Douglas restaurants.Best pizza in SeattleBest Pizza in Seattle. Hands down. I've tried a lot on the menu but my favorite is the Yukon Gold. So tasty.This has a lot of reviews, so let's keep this short.The pizza ($14-$18) is legitimately very good, but a single pizza will not fill you up.  I once got the fig appetizer to share ($8) and it came with... two figs.So as you can imagine, dinner for two at this "casual" spot will cost you: a long wait, $50 without drinks, and your self-respect for paying this much when you could have gone elsewhere and done better.Let me be clear: It's not necessarily about the money, as I'll pay for a good meal, but I just feel cheated on everything I order here.  Would an extra 2 inches of dough really destroy their profits?When I go to heaven Serious Pie is what I'll be eating everyday- for breakfast, brunch, lunch, linner, dinner, and midnight snack. They have unique topping selections using fresh ingredients. The crust is amazingly buttery, flaky, crisp, thin, and addicting. It's hard not to gobble down a whole pie for yourself as fast as possible so no one else gets a bite but I've learned to control myself in order to savor  the deliciousness of every bite. Prices are a bit on the steep side- $15-$20 for a pie. Happy Hour isn't all that better either. $6 for a mini-pie (and boy, do they mean it when they say "mini"- 5 inches maybe?).  But, hey... if I'm going to be enjoying these babies in heaven... I can't be complaining! =)pretty good for flatbread!So 1st off, i recommend ordering a pizza just for yourself. Don't Share.. lol you'd want more!Anyways, my bf and I shared the Fennel Sausage. --boy was it good! ordering and recieving the food was quick. Waiting to be seated a bit of a wait.--limited seating.But def. worth the wait.Definitely would return!The taste of the pizza was AMAZING. It's comparable to my other favorite pizza place. The flavors were unique and delicious. We ate the Truffle Cheese pizza and added panchetta for $3 more. The crust was just as good as the rest of the pizza. Now that is saying something! It was soft, crispy and filled with flavor.The pizza looks like it's cooked in a stone oven which I love. Brick and stone ovens make pizzas really good. So I definitely recommend this place.Be prepared to sit next to other people you don't know. The seating arrangement are big tables that can hold multiple parties. Take a shower before you go. And take a shower when you go home so you don't smell like pizza.Best pizza crust I've ever had. It's flaky, light, tasty and not too filling. Tried the Yukon Gold pizza. Potatoes on a pizza was a first for me so I wanted to try it. I live life dangerously. I enjoyed it. Honestly, I think they could put anything on that crust of theirs and it will be good.If you only have a few days in Seattle I'd say it's worth a visit.Great happy hour specials and gormet pizza to die for.  Strange location, but good service when you get inside.  Also, carry-out is efficient.Their truffle and mushroom pizza will be your lifelong addiction.  Eat carefully, you have been warned.See it as part of the Savor Seattle tour or on your own downtown walking adventure.autentic!Seriously good pie, a little pricy for what you get, but it's unique fancy pizza and it's good.  Tables are high bar tables and community seating.  Have had some issues with impatient wait staff when going with big groups, but all in all I really like this place.Sure, the food is tasty.  And so is the food in my kitchen for $50 less.  If you are a grownup you will pay the cost of two meals and feel as if you've eaten an appetizer.  I weigh 126 pounds and I laughed when the waitress served me; I actually thought it was a joke.  Furthermore, there is NOTHING on the menu that you - yes, YOU - can't easily make at home with ingredients from any Safeway.I know it's kind of crappy to hate a place based on one experience but, seriously, the obvious leap to take advantage of Seattle's somewhat limited gourmet offerings and the no holds barred pandering to the ever spreading SLU "new hip" were, well, disgusting.Ai-ya-ya!  Seriously, the best pizza I have ever, ever had!  Super biased though, because my husband and I took a pizza making class that allowed us to create our own Serious Pie, topped with as many ingredients as we wanted!  And with such high quality ingreidents like imported cheeses and in-house cured meats, it truly was a difficult task selecting our toppings.  Truth be told, their crust is straight up money!  So crunchy and savory, cooked perfectly in a brick oven using apple wood.The folks here are super chill, as to be expected from almost any place in Seattle.BTW, anything topped with truffle cheese is mouth watering orgasmic.  Trust me, it's pretty good. But please, don't go in here with super high expectations.  I really get sad whenever I fall in love with a place, but then read yelp reviews saying "This place is all hype, blah blah blah..."  Just go, order a delicious sounding pizza, a cold beer, relax, and eat.  Life is too short to not enjoy food this good.Really great food with a great environment.  As a solo Seattle visitor this place was a great 1st dining experience.  The communal seating led me to meet great people and get excellent advice on food choices. I highly recommend the pizza with potato. So unexpectedly perfect! Would definitely recommend this as a must try if you are in Seattle!Great food!! not a fan of the communal tables. Great beer SelectionNearly a 2 hour wait preceded this meal. We were quoted 45 minutes. It was also monsooning outside. When we were seated (finally) the rest of our experience was okay. I had this strawberry rhubarb drink - it was horrible. The others had good soda and root beer. We ordered three pizzas. The special, margherita, and the sausage one. The special wasn't as good as it sounded but the other two were nice. The three pizzas filled up the four of us pretty good. The waiter was nice enough to give us free dessert as an apology for keeping us waiting for so long. The root float was great and their other dessert was delish. Key points for eating here: -expect to wait-be cautious about the drinks-seating will be cramped-the food is pretty good (but I'm not sure I'd wait 2 hours for it again)Pizza is great and the ambience is very fitting. Hitting up this spot again soon.This place makes some Serious Pies (see what I did there?). Ok, bad jokes aside, I love this place.  It's a pizza restaurant with dim lighting with a table-side candle, great ambiance for a casual date.  My girlfriend and I shared the kale salad and a roasted mushroom, truffle cheese pizza.  The kale was light and fresh and the pizza was equally as fresh.  As tasteful as the meat of the pizza was, what really stood out to me was the crust.  The crust was lightly drizzled with olive oil and seasoned with sea salt.  I can't remember ever having a pizza where the crust was seasoned, which really made a difference for me.This restaurant is really close to PIke Place Market so if you are looking for a nice and convenient place with great food for dinner, look no further than Serious Pie.  This place is a hit!Heard great reviews about this joint so tried it out the other day. First off, the venue is relatively small, meaning unless you have reservations you will have to wait a while. For us, that was not a problem because it is located downtown where there is plenty to do while waiting. Also, due to the small spacing, when you finally do get seated, don't expect  lavish amounts of privacy. We were placed at the same table as another party. Again, I didn't have a problem as this was a casual outing for my wife and I.The food itself was great. The crust was the right combination of fluffy and crispy. The ingredients were also fresh and high quality. Note: their pizzas don't have just your basic pepperoni and cheese. We sampled the egg and prosciutto. The flavors blended nicely. Portions were reasonable for the price. Splitting two pizzas between the two of us left us still hungry but, to be fair, we both had a long workout before showering and heading over there. With that said, this is a pizza joint you go to enjoy the cuisine not stuff your face.Service was extremely friendly and accommodating.Overall, I'll be back. If you haven't gone, I recommend you check it out too.Pros:- Not your average pizza. They are hand made and have usual ingredients that work and tastes good.Cons:- Even though the pizza is good, sometimes it's overcooked or undercooked. - If you order a pizza, you will spend at least $20. Sadly the pizza isn't that big.I HATE PIZZA! You heard me. I hate it. Dislike is far too mild a description for my feelings towards the gross, overly sweet, and caked on red sauce that usually repels me upon first sight. This place makes pizza that I LOVE! Yes, you read that right: LOVE. The mushroom pizza with truffle cheese? Yes, please. :)Red sauce? No. Fresh, homemade, savory, garlicky crust? Oh yeah. Incredible flavor combinations that make your tastebuds dance like a belly dancer who makes her living from tips only? Yes indeed!The Rhubarb Pie, which seems to be seasonal, was sensational. Unlike most desserts, which have a sticky sweet, diabetes-inducing feature, this hit the mark without being overly assertive. Not too sweet, but just enough to sate that desire for a bit of sugar at the end of the meal. I never comment on wines, and I am going to sound like a novice when it comes to wine as my pairing stunk (clearly, I am not an oenophile, as I'd like to believe), but the Franco Serra Barbera was wonderful. I've looked all over and it looks as though my best bet of obtaining this particular wine is ordering it from Portland. It is worth ordering. Another Tom Douglas success. Truthfully, this place is incredible. Another stop on my next trip to Seattle (unless there is some way I may be able to talk them into opening one in LA??? Pretty please!)!!Great food, but it is pricey! Also the wait time here sometimes is a bit ridiculousFantastic amazing pizza, great wait staff, family friendly but not overrun with unruly kids. A little pricey but the ingredients can't be beat.Delicious gourmet pizza selections in fun communal dining atmosphere.Came here for lunch after hearing so much about Tom Douglas' pizza restaurant and was not disappointed.  Ordered two pizzas; the prosciutto and soft egg and the fennel sausage and pepper.  Both pizzas were delicious but the prosciutto and egg was phenomenal.  The eggs were cooked perfectly so that they were soft but not undercooked and the arugula and cheese on top was fresh and flavorful.  The crusts on these pies are to die for and I love how they are cute.My group also ordered three salads; the kale and pine nut, the mixed green, and the beet and cherry.  Though I only had the kale all three were beautiful, fresh, and plentiful.  No food was left on the table upon leaving.  The service we had was good and the ambiance is nice.  I was surprised by how small the restaurant is and can see it getting very busy but it wasn't at all when we were there on a weekday prime lunch time.  Communal tables are fun too!First time to Serious Pie and I would def go back.  Started with the Brussels sprouts and would definitely have them again.For my pizza, decided on the mushrooms and truffle cream based on other reviews.  The pizza crust was amazing, but the mushrooms ended up being ok.  Look forward to trying other pizzas on my next visit.I would describe Serious Pie as a casual restaurant with a fun vibe that serves soulful pizza - simple yet complex and hits home. It's got a nice blistered stone-encased oven crust with simple, flavourful toppings but a very poor crust to topping ratio. Handcrafted pizza that's priced at just under $20 should never be short on toppings. Never, ever.If you're wondering then why it's so popular, that's easy - it's one of Tom Douglas' many (ten I think) restaurants.  He is arguably the face of Seattle's restaurant/chef scene. But Serious Pie is not his baby - I've had pizza like this everywhere from Toronto to NYC to right here in my new hometown of Vancouver.Is Serious Pie's any better? No, but it's just as good - and that works for me. I recommend the penn cove clam pizza - reminds me of one of my favourites in NYC. Garlicky with some heat.And this stew, although too salty, delicious: mediterranean octopus stew, white beans, fennel $11WARNINGBeware of:1. Long waits2. Crowded communal tables3. It's louder than your average restaurant4. Mexican coca cola - is literally that. I should have known. $4 for a small bottle of Coke that may or may not be made with cane sugar.5. Skimpy toppingsApproach with extreme caution:  A very rude male waiter - a plumpish, sloppy hipster looking guy. Said gentleman didn't serve my table, but he happened to be blocking my mom when we were on our way out. When I tapped him - because he was wholly oblivious - he retorted: "whaddyawant?". Shame on him. Needless to say, my tongue is still bleeding from whenst I bit it. Better to bite my tongue - goes in line with my motto: grin and bear it, then blog it. Blog it loud.This place was pretty good. Great comfort food after a long work week.  Think gourmet pizza,  bc this place is pretty pricey. We got the sausage pizza and the truffle mushroom pizza.  We enjoyed both. It is thin crust pizza. They sprinkle salt on top of the crusts which is a nice taste when you're munching on it. The pizza is great for sharing for two people.I really enjoy their pizza. It is a thin crust small pie, and each one I have had was excellent. The other food items and bevs have been very good, but it is the pie I remember. Try to not go at lunchtime on a weekday, or go early.I love pizza but this place was okay. Like the other users said, hard to justify paying $17 for a thin, over salted crust pizza. I ordered the arugla pizza. Where's the cheese!? They sprinkled very little cheese. I think whole slices of mozzarella would be better then a pinch of shredded cheese. The pizza wasn't bad, just wasn't that good to hit the spot. At most I would pay 12 bucks for this pizza. Te place has a nice atmosphere which is what you're paying for. We decided to go for take out because after just getting off the plane, we couldn't sit another minute touching elbows with strangers. Yes, you don't have individual seating. It's more like park bench seating. Would I come back? Probably not if I want filling, flavorful pizza. Long story short, if you want more bang for your buck for pizza, don't come here. $45 dollars later for two 8x11" pizzas and two small glasses of wine. If you want non traditional pizzas, then check this place out.When they say they are serious pie, they weren't kidding.  They are serious about both types of pie.  I had the mozzarella pizza and that was great.  But the coconut creme pie redefines what it means to have coconut creme pie.We actually reserved "The Kitchen Table" at Serious Pie for a double birthday celebration, which is literally a giant wooden table in the kitchen where dough is made in the morning, and then cleared off for large groups like ours in the evening.  Sitting on stools around this table under strings of cafe lights near a half-wall away from where the food was being prepared was perfect for our group of 17 loud, hungry, thirsty women.Our waitress was awesome, and we got to try everything on the menu as we opted to just have her bring us "a couple of everything" till we were stuffed.  The wine flowed freely, and even with the free for all on food, we each paid about $50 after all was said and done.  A Serious Bargain.Overrated.Highly overrated.First, the place is small but not cozy... one feels very cramped.The food itself: mediocre. Bland, flat, taste ...bread-like.Seriously dry pies... even the egg one!I won't be back thereMy boyfriend and I were trying to find somewhere to grab lunch and walked right past this place. I had heard about it and we decided to give it a shot. We put our name in for a 30 minute wait which was thought was reasonable. We left our number and decided to walk around for a while until they were ready to seat us. 20 minutes goes by without a call, then 30, then 40, then 45, so we decide to head over and see what's up. We look at the list and see every name around ours has been crossed off and a new list had been started, we check our phone again, yeah never got a call. The girl comes back and claims she tried to call us, we weren't convinced. At this point I was pretty hangry (don't ever let me get hungry, I'm a nightmare), and really didn't care where we ate and would have been okay if we had to eat somewhere else. She was able to sit us pretty much immediately though which was nice. We ordered the Bruschetta with peach, the pizza with buffalo mozzarella, and the one with the mushrooms and truffle cheese. Everything was amazing! We were so glad we decided to eat here. I don't usually eat crust, but I was devouring the crust it was so good. The atmosphere was very relaxed, a good place to go for lunch. If you're not comfortable with sharing your space and table with other people, you may not like this place as the tables are communal. I didn't mind it so much, except that every time I went to take a bite the people next to us on either side wanted to keep talking to us and I really don't like to talk while I'm eating (especially when I'm super hungry). But it was nice, and our food was gone in minutes we couldn't stop scarfing it down. We've tried a couple Tom Douglas restaurants already and this was definitely on par with the others we've loved. We'll be back again the next time we're craving some delicious pizza.Best pizza EVER! I went to Serious Pies with a fairly large group, and yelp helped point the way. We were a little afraid we'd have to wait a really long time, but we were asked if we thought if we could finish eating in about an hour - because if so, they could seat us right away at the kitchen/chef's table. Of course we could! We were really lucky - sitting right in the middle of the kitchen gave us a unique perspective and we were able to see firsthand all the hustle and bustle of the kitchen around us. We were able to try every pizza on the menu since we had so many people, and I loved every single one of them. Of course, if I had to pick one - it would be the sweet fennel sausage pizza. I think I dream about this one sometimes, and I can't wait to come back to try it again! My other favorite was with the soft-cooked egg and proscuitto. YUMS!Get the buffalo mozzarella!!! I went once and got a different pizza and it was okay but then went again and got the buffalo mozzarella and it was amazing!!! Yes it is over priced but I am grading the food not the price.Atmosphere was great.  Service was even better.   Skip the potato pizza!   They ran out of the dessert that I wanted but surprised me with free cookies that were the bomb!  A little pricey otherwise  I would have given them 5 stars.I think I can sum all of these reviews: the cash cow pizza joint on the corner will leave you unsatisfied and underwhelmed. I would pay $20 for a "gourmet" pizza but it needs to have more than four little clams,  a sprinkling of thyme and a dusting a cheese. Profit is the number one ingredient here, folks.I had high expectations for Serious Pie considering it was a Tom Douglas restaurant. I was not at all impressed with the size of the restaurant.  I went for an early lunch to try and beat the crowd and it was a little smaller than I expected.  I went with a group of 6 people and they had some trouble accommodating a group of that size.  I wasn't very comfortable because you sit so close to other people dining there.   You don't get a lot of bang for your buck as far as the pizza goes.  It's fairly pricy to get a pizza that is not very big.  I got the pizza with the fennel sausage and I was still a little hungry after I left. The pizza was good and it's definitely a good relief for those who have grown tired of the typical pepperoni pizzas.  They have some unique flavors on the menu, but I tend to be a fan of traditional pizzas.  It definitely has a heavy Seattle influence with having seafood on a pizza. I've been to Serious Pie a couple of times and I can't say that I have plans to go back anytime soon.Amazing gourmet pizza! My husband and I came  two days in a row it was so good! The pizza was absolutely delicious and the service was exceptional. We had the buffalo mozzarella, sweet fennel sausage & a special they had for the day. I love when I can eat a great piece of pizza and not have to use my utensils because the crust is cooked to perfection. What would make this place even better is if they'd open a location in San Francisco!Love this place!!the wait was crazy but the host was nice enough to write down our name and number and called us whenever our table was ready. it's in the heart of downtown so we were able to just walk a street over to a bar and get some drinks while we wait for our table. when we came back, our waitress greeted us right away! she kept checking on us throughout the meal. overall excellent service! as far as the food, the pizzas were seriously delicious. enough said. the truffle cheese with mushrooms was my favorite!It deserves all five stars! I'll be coming back here again next time i'm in seattle!Expensive but amaaaazing. Then again, I would expect nothing less from Tom Douglas...unless we're talking about Lola.I love Tom Douglas' restaurants but this one was just okay for me. Definitely worth trying. The food was good, fun, and different. So many other reviewers have raved about it, though, and I kind of felt like I'd had fancy flatbread-style pizza elsewhere that was just as good but less expensive. Also, beware of the seating. Mostly long tables you share with others. No problem if you're cool with that or have a bigger group (as long as it's not too crowded) but I prefer to have my own table.This was our second visit. The first was fabulous! The pizza crusts were a bit too charred today. We were a little disappointed! We sat next to the kitchen and noticed that all pizzas were a bit too charred. New cook maybe?Great artisanal style pizza.  Thin thin crust, wood fired.  I usually get the Margherita or the Potato / Rosemary / Romano pie.  Only complaint is cost: $15-18 per pie, and it only feeds one (no leftovers for me!)Seriously, this is FLATBREAD. Nothing more. Is there really no serious PIZZA in Seattle? $20 for a fey little cracker with salad bar toppings?  SAD. I guess there is a sucker born every minute when it comes to foodie HYPE. Sorry I was suckered...Orgasmic and incredible with a great red!We also had the cooking class before they open-what fun it was!The secret is the amazing crust-the bite a flavor linger.......Food: Tasty but a limited menu. Also the options are a bit odd for someone who wants traditional pizza flavors.Service: Always a wait to be seated, but fine once we are.Seating: Many of the tables are shared, which can be awkward at times.Atmosphere: Typical Seattle decor, lots of brick and exposed ceilingOverall: OK once and a while, but not my go-to pizza place.I wanted to start by stating that the good and the atmosphere at this place were fantastic!! The only reason I gave them a 4 star rating instead of 5 is because they ran out of 2 items on their menu! Couldn't try the much anticipated chocolate dessert and the fire roasted sprouts for appetizer. Other than that, fantastic food and fantastic service!!Weekend brunch is the best!In San Diego, we simply do not have pizza crust like the kind they serve here. Imagine a crunchy tasty cloud. Was I dreaming? A dream within a dream?We got the Roasted Hedgehog Mushrooms with added sausage because that's how we roll. Wished we had gotten the chance to try more! This having one stomach thing sucks.5 Stars for the most amazing thin crust I've ever had.Serious Pie was seriously good.  Yup, that happened.  Yelpers, you never lead me astray, and this was no exception.We shared the burrata to start and the balsamic and strawberry accompaniment led to my friend and I fighting over the last bite.  No polite niceties here.The yukon potato and penn cove clam pizzas delivered great flavor on excellently thin crust.  I am usually suspicious of pizza served south of the Mason-Dixon line and west of the Mississippi river, but this was legit!Serious Pie is a gourmet pizza restaurant. Except the pizza sizes are the size of a "personal pizza" and you're paying 20$ for a small portion sized pizza. Definitely a place to waste your money and have a drink, but not really the king of Seattle Pizza.Although they have great flavors from clam pizza, yukon potato, truffle cheese (my favorite), sweet fennel sausage, etc. If you just want a normal pizza, you'd be paying for a slightly overpriced pizza for pepperoni or just cheese.Honestly the best thing on the menu is the kale salad, as someone mentioned.If you have money to burn on interesting flavors of pizza and beers/wine, come to serious pie.Delicious pies! Firendly staff! Great beer and wine selection. We bounch between the SLU and the 4th Ave area location. Always a great place for lunch!Pizza's are great here but the long waits, very small size and its not a very family friendly place keep the star count low for us.  If I was going on a date night, however, this could easily be a 4 star place.  We really enjoy almost all of the pies we've had here and if we were judging pizza alone this is easily a 4.5 star pizza.Good pizza and also good at breakfast when it's called serious biscuit, not cheapest spot though.Buffalo mozzarella pizza, mushroom and truffle cheese pizza, clam pizza are all A++ get them all and just nibble. The pizza is light and not heavy and there is room for dessert. Get the pie! Great atmosphere and amazing service!Very good pie, and the staff is more than willing to accommodate almost any type of custom pie. Lunch time was crowded as expected with multiple groups sharing large tables, so plan ahead if you would like your private table and get there early!The wait staff was incredibly friendly! I'll definitely be going back again sometime soon.My gf and I always go there after a movie at Cinerama since it is just a few steps down the street. This place is very popular and there can be a line even quite late into the evening. All of their pizzas are quite delicious. They have these long tables that you will share with other guests, so it will be difficult to fit in a large group, and it may not be for you if you want some privacy.Came here on a Friday night around 8 or 9PM; the wait was only 20 minutes (they initially told us it was going to be an hour). This is definitely not a place for a first date since you will most likely share the table with another party. Ordered the Mushroom Truffle Cheese pizza and added sausages (+$3) - and it was amazing! So rich in truffle flavor. Thin and crispy crust was baked almost to perfect (more charred that I would've liked), but was not a deal breaker. The portions are pretty generous such that two can share a pizza comfortably. Given the portions, I think the prices are reasonable - if you split a pizza that's $20, you're only paying $10 each for some quality pizza. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me!We stopped here for a lunch, it was great!We had:charcuterie plate-pancetta cotto, nduja salumi, fried marcona almonds, house pickles: it was greatpenn cove clams, house pancetta, chilies: it was delicious! The crust was perfectly crispy!house soda: it was so refreshing!I tried REALLLLLY hard to understand the hype and I just couldn't wrap my head around it. It seemed reallllly mediocre to me.damn good pie. Too bad isn't open until late in the afternoonA mere block away from my bus stop, I'd wandered by serious pie far too many times before I finally went in. And this is my 3rd year in Seattle! Serious? yup.It was a late night on Wed, post co-worker happy hour, and I was hungry. The beauty of going in so late? NO line and personalized service. Cozy tables and none of the noise level. Serious? yup.I'd heard good things, I knew the ingredients would be high quality, but I wasn't ready to give up Tutta Bella as my favorite pizza joint. And then, I took a bite. Of the soft cooked free range eggs, cotechino sausage, scamorza, and tuscan kale pizza. My world erupted in joy. Scamorza, as I learned, is this smoky mozzarella-esque cheese. The combination of all the ingredients is just ridiculous. Crusty and chewy with some smokiness from the cheese, spiciness from the sausage, chewy salty green glory from the kale, a little sweet tang from the sauce and luscious, delicate egg with free-flowing yolk that just completes the pizza. I had no words. This is simplicity and creativity done well. This is seriously friggin good pie. This is me telling you that you should go (go early or late, why wait in line for the rush hour post office crowd).**GOOD BUT NOT MIND-BLOWING PIZZA JOINT**3.5 stars.Fun and friendly atmosphere, but CRAMPED.Waited 10 minutes for a communal table on a Friday night.ORDERED:*SWEET FENNEL SAUSAGE, ROASTED PEPPERS, PROVOLONE ($17)This was a tasty pizza. Crust was a bit on the soggy and thick side. I prefer my pizzas super thin, but that's me.*ROASTED MUSHROOMS, TRUFFLE CHEESE ($17)Surprisingly bland. No kick. A bit too much oil.Yes, super pricey for pies and honestly, I thought it was an OK experience. Yes, I know Tom Douglas is a bad-ass, but doesn't mean I have to love everything he blesses.RECOMMEND for those who want to drop some major dough (pun intended) on some slightly above average pizzas.Best pizza ever.Hi I am a new member of this site.  In other words I read everyone else's opinions, but never thought of giving my own(for the record).I happened to visit a gift(antique?,supply store ) in Sumner with my daughter  She is renewing a small office into a nursery in her home.   We had the unpleasant experience of being waited on by the owner  It is one thing to be treated as a nuisance but another to see you daughter treated even more unworthy, while making  a purchase.I decided to look around the shop while the transaction happened, mostly because the arrogant attitude of the owner was offending me.  I observed her treatment of the rest of the customers in the small store, it was the same belittling,condescending and disdainful.After leaving my daughter asked what I thought of the shop, I replied "It was fine although going in , getting ideas then going to a craft store would be fun too".    She asked what I thought about the owner,  I told her and her reply was'"Everyone I talk to, at other shops, owners, workers customers etc feel that way.  She is creative and we do see what we can create". So Persnickety is painful, painfully expensive for what they sell that they make, but being a persnickety bitch will eventually dwindle her clientele down to nada.   She doesn't even know or care who she is waiting on and it shows.This pie is serious, seriously good.(this goes for the S. lake union joint too)Other things that are serious about this place:The level of hipsterYour level of hipster after eating hereThe beer/wineThe cool boards used to serve your fresh as yo ass pizzaOn my visit, the tasty as fuck rhubarb drink.(Think kombucha but less hippy, more tasty.)The sweet long open seating, allowing you to eat and mingle, and eat.The nice prices for the Tom Douglas clan.Less tourists than your typical Tom Douglas joint. Reasons why you would seriously hate this place?You have no moneyYou only like immature, childish, juvenile pies You hate pizzaYou're people intolerantYou're gluten intolerantYou're ignorant.I'm serious about my pizza. I've ate at this Tom Douglas restaurant 3 or 4 times (because my coworkers love this place) and every time tried a different pizza. I hate to say it, but  I'm not a fan. In my opinion they innovate too much on their pizza recipe and use ingredients that don't taste good in pizza. The service is below average (maybe because they are very busy) the ambiance and decor are original but the place is noisy and feels crowded.We are lucky to have much better options for Italian Pizza in Seattle.Happy hour! Woot! My friend and I came in on the day after Christmas around 3pm and it was busy, but not crazy. You sign in on the notepad and they'll call you when there are free seats. It's a small place with communal dining, so don't plan on having a juicy, private conversation haha. The wait wasn't long, but the entrance area is small.The pizza was delicious! I had the $6 mini pie with penn cove clams, house pancetta, parmigiano with a glass of white wine. My friend had the soft egg, cotechino sausage, scamorza, tuscan kale and a beer. Everything came out hot and very quickly. Crust was crispy and chewy, toppings flavorful and paired nicely. It was under $25 for 2 people, pretty reasonable, but you won't be full.If you can make it for happy hour, I'd check it out, otherwise it may be a bit too pricey for my taste!Tiny inside, but nice atmosphere. And great pizza.Every time I come to Seattle on a daytrip, I end up having to rush back to the border, eating some stupid crap on the way. But this time, I was overnighting it, had the time to wait for a table, and thus determined to put some Serious Pie in my face. Finally. Serious Pie is very small (but cozy) and the cubicle-size waiting area inside the door was full. However, the hostess took my cell number and offered to call when the table was ready. So we went across the street to browse Bed, Bath and Beyond, and in no time, they were ringing to let me know it was time. Side note: I love American customer service! If this tiny no-reservations restaurant were in Vancouver, I guarantee you'd have to line up on the sidewalk for however long it took, like cattle.  Anyway, fast forward, we run back across the street and are seated, the whole place smells amazing, and we're handed intriguingly brief menus. I didn't entirely understand the starters, but the servers were helpful, plus in this space it's not hard to check out what's on tables around you. Along with the clam and pancetta pizza ($18), we ordered the kale salad with Parm and pine nuts ($10) and an antipasti plate with house cured salami and proscuitto ($15) for some starters. Fast forward again ... who knew kale could be so damn good ... this proscuitto is great! This plate would probably cost $50 at Salt in Vancouver! And then the pizza came. I've never had Neapolitan style pizza before, where the crust is thinnest in the middle. But that was the tastiest part of a pizza that was no slouch on tastiness. If only I had realized that our hotel room did, in fact, contain a mini fridge, I would have ordered more pizza so that we could have leftovers. Damn you, tastefully concealed fridge!And for dessert, a root beer float with house-made ice cream and root beer. I haven't been to Tom Douglas's other restaurants around Seattle, but if the attention to detail and quality of ingredients at this joint is anything to go by, it's not hard to see why the man has an empire.Yeah, not a fan. Trying to make pizza too fancy. Too expensive for what you get. And please, for the love of god, quit making pizza without red sauce!!!!Fun place to eat breakfast or lunch. Pizzas are really good and very unique. Can't really go wrong with any Tom Douglass restaurant. Waits can be long, but definitely worth the wait.I love this place, and it's a top choice when I take out-of-town friends for lunch or dinner.Pros:* The pizza is DELICIOUS!* The salads are DELICIOUS!* Family style seating, so if  there is a table with two available seats, then a party of two can always get seated.Cons:* A bit pricey, but then, it's gourmet pizza.* Family style seating, so if it's crowded, you're seated next to strangers.Oh..My..God...!!!! I had "Seasonal Mushroom Pizza with Truffle Cheese".  This was simply the BEST firewood pizza I've ever had! Soft bread, crispy crust, fresh ingredients and delicious sauce~Their pizza was better than any other fancier, more expense pizza restaurant around. The only thing is, it gets really crowded after 6pm, and you have to share table with other groups, but I guess that's one of the fun fact and reason I go there.I'm not one for specialty pizza, know that before reading my review. I'm a fan of traditional pepperoni cheese etc. I've avoided trying this place for a little over two years because I felt like I'd just be disappointed by it. Today went and tried it anyway.  My wife and I split a Kale Salad and their Fennel Sausage pizza.  The pizza was tasty and so was the salad, but 17 bucks for tiny pizza like that?  I could easily go down the street to Roccos on 2nd and get a pizza much more my style for an equivalent price and likely have a bunch of left overs.In general I think the food is good, but per usual Tom Douglas style, you pay a premium for it and I'm not sure I taste a difference over other places that make similar food.Also note that if you come during any dinner hour you're likely to wait an hour for a table because it doesn't have a lot of seating :).It's too bad yelp doesn't allow 6 stars under special circumstance such as Serious Pie. They certainly earned it by offering excellent service, the best pizza on the West Coast by far, and a perfect atmosphere for a great meal. Since Yelp doesn't have a sixth star, here it is...                 *Tried the buffalo mozzarella pizza, the Yukon potato pizza and the mushroom with truffle cheese pizza. They were all so good! Also had the blood orange shrub and house made root beer. Yum. Great service too!I want some now. Seriously.I'm not sure why it always seems to be a cold rainy night when we visit Serious Pie, but it's like walking into a warm cozy oasis. I can't think of a better name for a pizza joint so kudos to whoever came up with that one.Service has always been friendly. We once were given reservations at the other location when the wait here was super long. They even threw in a coupon.We generally start with a salad and split it. I order the margherita (named otherwise on the menu). Our daughter has the same. Yep, that's right. Our bean pole of a six year old daughter loves it so much she polishes off an entire pizza by herself. The waitstaff always comments on it. My husband orders a pizza with the fennel sausage. The wood fired crust is always crisp, never soggy. The sauce is amazingly flavorful and the cheese is fresh.Prices are fairly steep, but it's a must eat when we are in Seattle!Tried twice...love the pizza's and the ambiance...although as of now m in love with Zeeks Pizza :)Tom Douglas is truly great at what he does.SP is a shining example of this.  The only thing that kept it from getting 5-stars was the fact that I didn't like the squash, roasted garlic & Gorgonzola pizza.But, the phenomenal waitress noticed and took that off the bill, all without my asking.Love this place, we will be back.OMG! Best pizza by far!Initially things looked grim, because the Downtown location had a 45 minute wait at 6pm... but a quick call to the Westlake location revealed that they had no wait! Phew!My two friends and I started with the charcuterie plate (my first terrine experience - yum!) and a FABULOUS beet and cherry salad drizzled with honey. We followed our waiter's advice and ordered 2 pizzas to share. I LOVED the one with asparagus, mushrooms, soft egg, mostly because it also had some kind of salty, oily awesomeness all over the crust. The other, with guanciale, zucchini, sweet onions, and ricotta, was also fantastic.Our waiter was super attentive and helpful, and we had a good time! I'm definitely planning to go back.Every pizza and Salad I've had has been a delicious combo.Serious Pie makes some tasty pizza, but its expensive and not the best I've had. My friends and I came during happy hour, during which they off all their pizzas in mini sizes for 6 bucks. They're about the size of a personal digiorno pizza. We got a 4 different pies to share and, while all the flavors were tasty and fresh, they were also a bit muted. The crust was fantastic and my favorite part of the pizzas. It was crispy and fluffy. Its was almost like naan, with a crispy exterior and almost void space in the middle. It was awesome.Sweet Fennel Sausage - The sausage had a good earthiness to it, but otherwise the pizza was very standard and quite forgettableRoasted Seasonal Mushrooms - Mushrooms are super fresh, but its the only standoff. The truffle cheese is very subtle and thus did not add much to the pizzaPenn Cove Clams - I love clam pies and this one was good. Like all the other pizzas here, the flavors were subtle but it works in this case because the creaminess is toned down and the added peppers adds a great kick to the end of each biteSoft Cooked Free Range Eggs - Breakfast pizza for the win. The only issue is that the one we got had very little kale, which is needed to contrast the egg and sausage in the pizza. The yoke is fantastic and just goes great with that fluffy crustIf I was grading on just the pizza, it would probably be 4 stars, but the service we had was a bit off and I was mildly disappointed by the beer selection. Our waitresses were nice, but slow considering the restaurant wasn't even half full. They also knocked over a glass of water onto my friend. They cleaned it up immediately and kind of joked/laughed it off. Pizza is a humble food, so I kind of have high expectations whenever I pay more than humble prices for it.Serious pie is seriously good. My fiancé and I arrived about 6-ish on a Monday night, and luckily there was no line. We were seated at a long table (shared with other parties) so keep this in mind if you are planning a romantic date. I don't remember if there were smaller separate tables. Anyhoo, we ordered a lemonade and a beer, typical pizza beverages. :)And shared a kale salad with chilis and shaved cheese. It was surprisingly good!! The kale was thick and chewy but the chilis and cheese gave it a rich nutty and a picky kick. I'd order it again! As for pizza, we tried their vegetarian roasted mushroom and truffle pizza. Mmmmm. It was rich, decadent, melt in your mouth! And the crust was thin, moist, chewy, crispy on the outside... Reminiscent of a Chinese donut if you know what that is. ;)All in all, one of Seattle's BEST!!Tip: This location is on the of the building with limited parking on the street. Just be careful, down the street near the bus stops (which we took bc were out of towners) are some sketchy folks. Good thing for late summer sunsets~9pm!!There's another location in Westlake.Always excellent, just be ready to pay a bit more.  :)My favorite meal in Seattle so far. If you're hungry enough you can order a whole pizza to yourself as it's fairly thin crusted. With a bit of the chili flakes for slight heat (which I normally don't use) my buffalo mozzarella pizza was phenomenal. The crust was slightly salty, crispy and was pretty much perfection. The hubs ordered the sweet fennel sausage with peppers and I was able to sneak a sample of his pizza and it was incredibly delicious as well. Most of the tables here are communal tables so things might get a bit cozy. We sat elbow to elbow with another couple and it got a little hard to move around but it was fine. Ill have to say it. Serious Pie is seriously delicious.I have always wanted to go to Serious Pie, I have been to several  of Tom Douglas restaurants.  I have to say its amazing!!! Yes there is usually a wait, but well worth it.I Got the truffle pizza and with the kale and asparagus appetizer. So gooooood!!! So rich in flavor and great ingredients. I also got the terimasu, which isn't  your typical terimasu. It was more like a foam, but i highly recommend it! The seating is communal seating, which I did not know, but I worked out fine. Was able to still enjoy conversation with my party there .I would totally go back, great a a date night and a flat bread pizza lovers.The pizza is good, but nothing exceptional. I think there are better options in Seattle for pie, but it seems I've missed the bandwagon on a few of the Tom Douglas restaurants.The atmosphere is great, which is how I feel about many of the Tom Douglas restaurants. The service is fine, but not overly satisfactory. And be aware that you may  be seated with another party if you can't fill the table on your own.It's worth a try, but I have other preferences in the area I think I'd return to first.What a delicious surprise!!  love me some Tom Douglas!! Tiramisu and Coconut Cream pie.....delicious goodness!!I absolutely adore Serious Pie! Unique toppings, delicious-everything. Service is average and the atmosphere, as with all Tom Douglas restaurants, is wonderful. $22 for a single-serving of pizza is a little steep in my humble opinion... I suppose some people could get two servings out of it... I just eat a lot and their pizzas are really delicious! Only wish is that they had a larger dessert selection.Dear Serious Pie, my family loves you so much, the best pizza we have had in all of seattle. we come here every week for pizza night with my coworkers. The people who work here are also amazing.  The only thing I dont like is how much salt they use.One of the best pizzas I've ever, ever had! I prefer pizzas with a nice crunch to it and the pizza at Serious Pie left a lasting impression. The sweet fennel sausage and roasted peppers... YUMMM!!!Serious Pie? Seriously good! And seriously expensive, but you know that walking in, really. We stopped in here for a drink and some pizza before the Of Monsters and Men concert on tuesday and it's an excellent example of what makes Tom Douglas restaurants awesome. A casual atmosphere and really unique flavor combinations (PS - gorgonzola on pizza is the best thing ever invented.) Unfortunately, it's not really priced to enjoy on the regular. At almost $20 for a small "personal" sized pizza, this place is more of a treat. But, if you're visiting or otherwise bored with the usual downtown haunts, take a walk just past Westlake to this little spot for a fun change of pace.This place, along with the other Tom Douglas restaurants, was recommended by a friend for my trip to Seattle. Wow - it did not disappoint. Serious Pie was busy, and the wait was about an hour. So, my wife and I ordered the roasted golden chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese pizza TO-GO and walked about a half block away and picked up a bottle of wine. We picked up the pizza and had it in our hotel room with local wine. Wow. This pizza had amazing depth of flavor and was just the perfect amount for two to split. If our travels take us back to Seattle, we'll definitely hit this place up again!Cool spot in downtown, but I thought the Pizza would be better.  It was A-OK!  It was super packed, you are literally sitting inches away from the people next to you, no privacy!Part of the crazy cluster of Tom Douglas restaurants around the south lake Union area now. I'm not usually a fan of pizza, but I wouldn't consider this pizza-it's like fancy flat bread with fancy toppings and a fancy price to go along with it.Do I like their "pizza"? Yes. It has a lighter and cleaner feeling than conventional pizza, which is why I don't normally like pizza. Am i glad to have tried it? Yes. Would I come back? Not unless I was following people. The price tag just doesn't cut it for me, and my tastes aren't so sophisticated that feel like I can't make it myself at home with similar though not exact ingredients.This is really good pizza. It is "craft pizza" so that unfortunately means the portions aren't all that big. That being said, the experience was good overall. It was maybe a bit crowded and they do sit you next to random people (the people next to us started grilling me about how long I've been married...a little weird, but not something this place can control). The cheese pizza was probably the best cheese pizza I've ever had. It is sort of expensive, but probably worth it. I would go back.I've tried almost all their pizzas and each one of them taste different and delicious!! This is definitely one among the great pizza places you can eat at in US. My fav is their roasted seasonal mushroom pizaa with nettle pesto!!We were greeted by our waitperson, who despite her hard edged demeanor got the job done. A Menabrea lager and Spire Mountain hard apple cider were our drinks of choice. The Newaukum lettuce  salad with radish and muscatel vinaigrette at eight dollars was a refreshing prelude to our pizzas. Our two well chosen pies were the house ham, Cipollini onions, fontina and huckleberries which my dinner companion aptly paralleled to a ham and pineapple pizza and the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers and provolone.Good pizza, good company but if you don't approve of communal dining, this may not be your spot. However, I was tempted to approach my neighbors when they were speaking about interviewing prospective employees and suggest that they give my dining companion consideration.This pizza is delish! We had the kale salad and the mushroom truffle pizza. You cannot go wrong! The service and atmosphere is also awesome. I didn't mind the seating, but you may have to sit with people you don't know because of the set up.The pie here is decent, although they do have a limited number of vegetarian choices. I got the special - fava bean spread, spinach and cheese (I forget which type). It had a decent amount of flavor, but the fava bean spread came off as being a bit bitter - I probably should have stuck to the classic. The ingredients are quite fresh though, so that is something I will give them.The price is a bit off-putting - close to $16-18 for a single pie, and although it is "gourmet" pie, I've had tastier options for less (though I might blame this one on the daily special). This place is still on my list though, and I'll probably try the classics the next time I'm in town.We had the Mozz, the Mushroom and the Clam.All awesome.Well worth the wait.I'll be back!Note: There's commonly a line / wait, but they will call you on your cell, so you can wonder. (TIP: you can usually go in the afternoon and get right in)Serious Pie has to be one of my favorite Tom Douglas restaurants. I personally think you can't go wrong with ordering anything off their menu, which makes it hard for me when I dine here. Luckily they have an awesome happy hour, where you can get mini pies for $5. Its really the best way to go: just bring a friend or two, order several different pies and grub out.My personal favorite pies are the seasonal mushroom with truffle cheese and the soft-cooked duck egg with pork belly and arugula salad. I really love the flavors of the mushroom and truffle cheese together, while the duck egg had such a creamy texture. I'm also a fan of the Yukon potato pie (reminds me of french fries--but BETTER) and the penn cove clam pie.The place is not the most spacious and the last time I had happy hour here, they made my group wait until our entire party showed up. I don't recommend bringing a big group here unless if you plan to arrive early.Serious Pie was seriously delicious.  After having lunch at a nearby restaurant, I noticed that Serious Pie was right down the block.  I was like, "Hey, you guys want a snack"?  So we stopped by during happy hour- pizzas were $6 and smaller than the regular size. This was perfect considering we had just finished lunch.The pizzas were flat, crispy, tasty, and not too saucy.  My kind of pizza.I have been back to both locations.  The menu changes, but subtly.  They do little twists on the pizzas for the seasons.   The problem with the wait does not seem to be a problem now that there are two location.  It is still a busy place though.On my last visit I had the pancetta and romanesco with capers and roasted garlic.  It would not be a pie I would normally select, but I saw a few tables enjoying it and had to give it a try.  This was a good call because it was very good.The potato is still outstanding and is food porn to me.  It is always on the ticket, even if I have to take leftovers.Alright. So I went here when I was in Seattle because my friend had recommended this fine establishment. First of all.. I was down for some serious pie because I love me some good pizza. The decor and the feel of the ambiance seemed really relaxed and just cool.So here's what I did not like.. I did not like the seating arrangements. It's weird. Maybe it's me and I'm probably socially awkward nowadays cause I'm old and all that jazz, but I really don't care to sit by a bunch of strangers. Suuuurrrreee I can start chit chatting with some strangers.. but I just wanted pizza. Next.. the price. Holy cow.. this is some expensive pizza and it's purdy small. I know I'm fairly petite, but I wanted to get my eat on. $18 for a fancy shmancy pizza with clams -__-.  Now.. as I was eating this pizza.. I can tell that it was a great pizza with quality ingredients.. but apparently my brother and I have a pallet of a peasant haha.. I would had preferred a good ol' legit pep pizza. 3 stars.So we were out tonight running an errand downtown and decided to branch out from our usual pizza place and try this Serious Pie we have heard so much about. We walked in and the place was not too packed for a Friday night about 7:00. A few groups were able to get a table while we waited. We looked at the menu a minute and after asking the guy up front what his favorite pie was we decided on the pizza with penn cove clams, house pancetta, chilies. The guy asked us if we wanted to order more than one saying that when he is hungry he could eat a whole one but since we were already paying $18 for a pizze we were not sure of we decided to stick with just the one. After about 10 minutes the pie was up and we were on our way back to our place to eat it and drink some wine. When we got home we opened the box to our surprise was a pretty small and very thin pizza. I should have taken a picture but we were pretty dang hungry and had to smell the thing on the 5 block walk back to the apartment. Jess decided to make a little salad to supplement the lake of pizza real quick. Then we were off to eating. I personally did not care for the pizza it was very thin and pretty oily. The flavors were ok, but I just really wasn't a fan. Jess said the only thing she really liked was the salt on the crust. Guess we should have stucked with our norm but its good to branch out right?Oh wow!They have so many great pizzas! I love this place. My friends kept on telling me about it and it wasn't even an expensive as I thought it was going to be. Wonderful gourmet pizzas at a cheap price! xoxoThis was my second trip to Serious Pie.  There were 3 of us the first time.  NONE of us enjoyed our pizza.  Decided to try it again and I must say, the pizza was amazing!  I'm not giving them 5 stars because the pizza we ordered was a "special" and the only thing on the menu that sounded appealing.  I'm a foodie and have eaten at every restuarant imaginable but sorry, potatoes just shouldn't be included on a pizza, yuck.I came here with a group of six and were told there would be about an hour wait. They were going to call us shortly before a table would be ready, so we went to a bar to kill some time. Something like fifteen minutes later we get a call, but we had just ordered drinks thinking it would be longer than that, so we finished up and strolled over and waited some more since we lost the table we were going to get. Anyway there's no real point to this story I guess, sorry for wasting your time. Be careful with the wait times I suppose.The pizza was pretty good, but more importantly the charcuterie was delicious. I had ordered their special for the night which if I recall was roasted garlic, fennel, and sausage? It was great, especially the crust. I also ordered a cannoli but my friends ate it when I stepped out for a minute. According to them it was really good. :(It was worth the wait, really nice place and great pizza. I don't even think it's really that pricey considering I haven't had a lot of great pizza around Seattle yet.The pizza is fantastic.  The flavors aren't like A-pizza-scholl's in PDX, and the crust isn't unique like Dove Vivi in PDX, but this place serves up a good italian style pizza.  Some traditional flavors, some not so traditional flavors.  My friend and I shared a mushroom pizza w/truffle oil and a regular margherita.  Both had a thin crust that was topped with flavorful ingredients, and tossed into a large wood burning stove (in-house, you see it when you walk-in!) that crisped up the crust and made some great chewy air bubbles in the crust.  Fantastic. I also really liked the Brazilian coffee soda that was on the menu.  Also, enjoyed the communal seating.This is hand's down the only thing that you should do if you only have time for one thing in Seattle. This is the best pizza I have ever had, ever. It's the pizza that dreams are made of. My husband and I came here about 3 years ago and have been talking about going back ever since. We went for Christmas vacation and thought about trying to eat Serious Pie for every meal. Unfortunately, you have to wait a long time to get this good stuff. But we did get in and each devoured a pie.Dammit, Serious Pie, please send me a pizza that I can eat here in California.I dream.Tom Douglas I am a fan after my experience at Serious Pie! :)Serious Pie is quite a cute little restaurant! I loved the candle lit tables with the dim lighting. The overall atmosphere of the place lured my friend and I to order a bottle of wine to start off our night. We ordered a bottle of Araldica Barbera D' Asti which we really enjoyed. The full bodied wine definitely warmed us up after a day of walking around the city in 30 degrees weather. I say a good start to the night! We ordered the salad special for the day which consisted of arugula, persimmons, and hazelnut with a citrusy dressing. The salad was good when you ate it with all the ingredients together, meaning the greens, persimmons, and hazelnut. However if your bite of the salad just consisted of the greens, it was quite sour and salty. I would have liked it if I enjoyed every bite of my salad. I would give it a 4/5. My friend and I shared the Mushroom and Truffle Cheese Pizza. From the moment our waitress brought out the pizza I knew we would enjoy it. There was a subtle sweet smell to the pizza that had us drooling. Once I took a bite of the pizza it felt like a little bit of heaven in my mouth. Wow everything on the pizza went well together, the mushrooms, cheese, and bread. The mushrooms were very flavorful but not overpowering. I didn't mind the fact that it was the only topping on the pizza. The cheese was sweet yet savory. It was pretty amazing. And the bread was chewy and crispy on the outside. Just the way I like it. It was definitely a 5/5 for me! We decided to order dessert since we still some wine left. We ordered the Chocolate Budino. It was a disappointment. I've had Budinos at several restaurants in LA and have enjoyed it every time. Maybe I had high expectations? The Budino at Serious Pie was like a thicker/creamier chocolate pudding. It was quite disappointing. A 2/5 from me. Overall Serious Pie was a positive experience. I definitely want to go back the next time I'm in Seattle to try their other pizzas! ^^The crust was the highlight...We had the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and the special with onion and padron peppers. I LOVED the padrons on pizza mostly because it didn't have a sauce so there was a higher ratio of delectable crust to topping. My sister ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza, and frankly if that was the only one we ordered I'd be giving two stars because I did not enjoy it at all. The cheese was thick and congealed and there was one mushroom (aside from the trumpet and crimini) that just didn't work. Also if you want to sit at your own table you should bring a large group and be willing to wait or get your pizza to go.The mushroom pizza and mozzarella pizza's were really good. The pizza is the perfect amount of crispy. We had a big party of 8 and we only had to wait about 20 minutes on a Sunday afternoon. Our server was very friendly too! I would love to come back here.Serious Pie is truly delicious. I have been in here twice now and both times I really enjoyed my order. This time my fiancée and some friends popped over to get some dinner after work. We slid in right at or maybe a minute after happy hour, but the waitress said if we could throw together an order quick style she would honor the happy hour price! Awwww! The happy hour on pizzas is a great deal especially if you want to sample the menu at $6 for a half pie. The half pie is a largish portion for one. We ended up ordering the all but one pizza on the menu between the four of us. Every pie I have ever ordered here was amazing. Keep in mind I don't eat meat so the ones I have ordered are of the meatless variety, but that buffalo mozzarella is so good you could never miss the meat and if you do miss it I am sad for you. The carnivores at our table though were more than happy with their meaty selections. The prices are pretty reasonable running between $13-$20's a pie. The ingredients are all high quality so rest assured you get what you pay for. The interior is intimately lit and tables kinda squished in. When it is busy you might feel a bit cramped. It is also possible to be in close quarters with another group you may not know. This isn't bad when I have had it happen we all usually end up getting along smashingly. This place is in Belltown though so unless you want to pay for parking at the lot out back then you may be hard pressed for street parking.Overall Serious Pie is a must try. I would stress that you visit for Happy Hour as it is such an amazing deal and allows you to try so much more for the money!After a previous visit to the Serious Pie & Biscuit on Westlake, I didn't hesitate to wander in to Serious Pie on Virginia on a blustery Friday after work. Good thing too -- I arrived at the start of happy hour and was fortunate enough to be seated immediately. I ordered two of the mini pies, the roasted mushroom with truffle cheese and the potato rosemary pecorino with added sausage. Both were very tasty and reasonably priced at $6 each. I'll make it a point of aiming for happy hour here more often.Came here with a bunch of friends who were visiting me in Seattle because I had heard great reviews. Thin crust, brick ovens, good selection of dishes. Small place with somewhat-communal seating, can get loud - feels very familial and warm. However, I think we were all a bit disappointed with the food. We got 3 pizzas - mushrooms with truffle cheese, yukon gold potato, and sweet fennel sausage. I enjoyed the sausage the most and while they were good quality pizzas, I was a bit underwhelmed by the taste. Maybe next time...Just go here. Just shut up and do it. As someone who's traveled the country and had lots of pizza---this is the country's best pizza. Hands down.Food= yummy but a little pretentious.Service is slow...all 4 times I have. Been thereThe best I've had.  I can't get enough of this Tom Douglas eateria!!!  Tom has singlehandedly put Seattle on the map for pizza lovers.  Not greasy, pure bliss!We came in on a Saturday night and were told it would be a 30/45 minute wait. Not a problem, we decided to watch the kitchen guys make pizza. 1 hour and 24 minutes later...our name was FINALLY called. After we were seated it took a few minutes for our waitress to come by with waters and take our order. I ordered the Brussels sprouts appetizer and that came out fairly quickly and was pretty good. We waited another 20-something minutes for our pizza to arrive, we ordered the mushroom pizza because one of the cooks said it was his favorite and it was very good. The truffle cheese gives a real nice umami flavor and it pairs well with the prosecco they have by the glass. We got the pear & hazelnut cake with rosemary ice cream and that was pretty good. We will probably come back, and we'll make sure to show up an hour before we think we'll be hungry.best breakfast biscuit ever!pizza was tasty but a little on the salty side for me."AHH! Well-rated pie place in Downtown Seattle? We are so in! Waiiitttt a second, pizza pie?"Our excitement might have deflated a bit, but it was blown back up when we met a pair of traveling eaters that couldn't stop raving about the serious food shenanigans happening at Serious Pie. Considering the possible addition to our itinerary, we fired up the Yelp app and started gawking at that fennel sausage pie. Yes, this was definitely going to happen.The sweet fennel sausage did not disappoint; both the artisanship of the pie and the quality of the ingredients stood up to our high expectations. The Yukon gold potato pie, on the other hand, was a mouthful of pecorino. It was just too much. Add in there the rosemary and it was overwhelming in a bad sort of way. well, not so bad that it wasn't taken back to the hotel room and demolished during some alcohol-fueled, late night eats. By the way, it should be noted that the pecorino, much like you would expect if spilling a pizza slice loaded with grated parmesan, is really hard to get out of hotel room carpet. You know, just in case you were wondering.The TinyTrojan isn't named Tiny for no reason. Yet, this seating area was so cramped that the seat next to a stairs' hand railing required TinyTrojan to get up and out of her seat every time someone was coming or going from their seat on her half of the communal table. Having to get up from your seat every few minutes to let someone come in or go is a frustration of dreaded airplane proportions. Sure, it's only a frustration for one seat -- but it sucks when that's your seat.The pizza wasn't bad -- but it's definitely on the spendy side. Expect to pay about $17 for each personal pizza.We were put off by the picnic-table style seating (you share a long table with any other party that has some room) and the noise.  This is a great place to take your mother-in-law. Just seat her across from you, and you won't hear a word she is saying. (Just smile and nod.)  I opened my smartphone's "sound meter" app and let it measure the noise level throughout the meal. The level averaged about 90 db -- that's louder than a train whistle, and a little less than a jackhammer.girl the back of your crust is ridiculous! we came here for happy hour and there was no wait. ordered up some brewskies and pie and we were good to go. the local brew was nice and cold and i couldn't have asked for a better pairing with my soft egg pizza. i got the mini pie for $6 and it was the perfect size. the pizza was fantastic! crust was simply amazing. the flavor were great. the egg was cooked just right where it wasn't runny but it was not at all overcooked. prosciutto was salty and crispy at certain parts. the arugula added a peppery, citrus freshness. and that cheese...that magnificent cheese.i could eat that pie in heaven. just that pie - about one every hour. cause they say you don't gain weight in heaven right?Very tasty pies, my favorite is the fennel sausage /w peppers. The salads and desserts are tasty but I come for the pizza.Yeah it's a bit on the spendy side but it is sooo very tastyIt seems like I blacked out and ended up paying $80 for four small pizzas. One minute I was looking over the to-go menu and the next I was talking to the cashier. He made some good recommendations and said I should get four pizzas if we were a group of five people since their pizzas weren't that big. He kept making suggestions and I kept saying "Yeah! That sounds great. Add it on." ...and the next thing you know he's saying the total is $80 for the four pizzas and all I could do was smile, say thanks, and hand him my credit card.I'm normally not a pizza-eater. In fact, pizza is one of my least favorite foods (I know). But I took those four warm pizzas back to my hotel and ate them with my family. As someone who does not like pizza, I could have finished the six-slices-a-pizza by myself. The thin crust just made it all the better. My favorite was the clam pizza and the mushroom pizza. I never thought clam would taste good on a pizza but it does. Give it a try.A note for the broke: Come during happy hour if you want to try some Serious Pie food. And make sure you do the math in your head while ordering so you don't end up surprised at the total bill like I did.I took the Pizza Making Class. It was my first cooking class and it was incredible. The staff was over the top in hospitality, the cost was very reasonable, my pizza, pretty darn good. :) I would highly recommend this place just by the dedication of the staff. Wonderful.You better like family style, and you better like pizza. The tables and pies and pretty much come in one size and both are meant for sharing. The tables seat about 6-8, so if you have a party smaller, plan on enjoying the company of your fellow diners. The pies themselves, are of course, the focus. There are some unique flavors but nothing too crazy. Between the four of us in our party, we had 3 full pizzas and it was a comfortable amount of food. The pizzas probably aren't large enough for two hungry eaters, and could possibly be consumed solo if you have an ambitious stomach. We ordered the buffalo mozzarella, the mushrooms and truffle cheese and the prosciutto. All three were excellent, and my personal favorite was the truffle cheese and mushrooms... Were they the best pizzas I've ever had? No, but they were definitely high quality and I can certainly see my self returning for anotherThe review for this place is loong overdue!Came here in Nov. 2012 and I seriously is in love! Still craving it to this day! Seriously, this place is serious, seriously Delicious! Located in the heart of Seattle, within walking distance to other great spot! It was really packed when I got here to pick up my food (ordered to go). Service was quick and walked out with a watering mouth!Ordered the Buffalo Mozzarella w/San Marzano Tomato Pizza & Yukon Gold Potato w/Rosemary & Olive Oil Pizza. Both pizzas was oh em gee, I wanted to eat it all but then I was sure my body would not appreciate all the carbs. I wish there's a Serious Pie in CA! Because I'm seriously craving it. Right. Now. As I type this review.Its good! But go during off hours and it is quite a lot to spend for little pizzas...This is based off of the two times I've gotten some sort of mushroom concoction that makes me salivate.  I sat down the second time and ordered a pizza to myself and watched the stick thin waitress judge me.  Lady, if I worked here, add 10 inches to my waistline because this funghi fantasy is about to get real.  No, I don't need a box.  I know, a rare non sushi review.  But I do eat food that is cooked.Serious Pie is seriously amazing. SRSLY you guys!Bomb-ass pizza that's coming with some serious ingredients. The fennel-sausage is a must. I've always hated sausage on pizza. It doesn't always mesh well with the other ingredients, but here it's the star! I'd seriously consider taking this sausage home with me.We also had the lobster pie (I don't think it's a regular menu item, could be wrong though) which was a beast of a pizza. The cooks must've been feeling generous because our pie was served to us with what looked like an entire lobster. Super heavy and super delicious.Holding a star back for the awk crust. It was missing something... I'm not sure what goes into neapolitan-style crust, but ours was flavorless! I'm seriously coming back to Serious Pie so I can get down on more serious pie. Word.I can't lie, the pizza we got here was delightful, as was the dessert and espresso immediately following the meal. The service was equally friendly and efficient. Unfortunately the experience of eating at a restaurant goes beyond just tasting the food and it's with a certain sadness that I'm forced to give a one star review to Serious Pie. You see, Serious Pie has decided to forgo a traditional dining experience where you are seated only with the loved ones you came to the restaurant to be with while sharing a meal in favor of a communal table approach, which was a further slap to the face when realizing by looking through the internal windows that there was an adjoining room that was completely vacant. And so it was that I was treated two dim whittled ladies on our right trying in vain to look cool and trendy while practicing speaking Russian loudly to our right while at the same time feeling uncomfortable for the twenty something grand child with her grandparents sitting awkwardly to our left while trying to enjoy the otherwise delicious pizza. We were also treated to said dimwitted ladies clearly wrapped with equal parts guilt over the small dessert they decided to split, and jealousy over the more decadent dessert we did. I can forgive other patrons of an establishment I might not care to spend an evening with coming into your establishment, but I can't forgive you seating them at my able with me.This is a cozy little restaurant with incredibly nice people and fantastic pizza. Can't wait to come back here! :)Serious Pie was delicious. We went here about a year ago. One of the best things is the uniqueness of the pizzas (i.e. the topping combinations) and all their ingredients are really high quality and fresh. It's a bit spendy for pizza, but totally worth it. Also their cocktails are delicious. I definitely recommend to any pizza fan.As someone who doesn't mind paying good money for quality food, the price of this place didn't faze me. However, there were some pizzas that were just mehhh while others were mind blowing.Came here last night with a group of 3 and waited for over 30 min. The hostess kept us updated on the seats which was very thoughtful. The ambience and decor were homey and friendly, and the smell of the pizza was mouth watering. We ordered 3 pizzas, the truffle mushroom, the clam and the one with the egg. IMO, the truffle mushroom was the best one, I could eat the whole thing in one setting. The other 2 however wasn't that impressive though, especially the crust on the egg one was kind of burnt. We also ordered cannoli for desserts that had a funky goat cheese stuffed in it. I didn't enjoy it at all and it was 2 little pieces for $8. I'll probably be back to try the happy hour so I can try the other pizzas. It seems like its a hit or miss. First time at a Tom Douglas restaurant and I can't wait to try his other ones around the corner!Before heading over to the airport, my sister and I rushed over to grab some Serious Pie.  Boy am I glad that we carved out some time, even if it did require a bus ride and running up and down some blocks.We ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza to go.  I love truffle oil!  It was so simple yet tasted incredibly rich.We ate some while riding the T (shhhh!) and finish it off at the airport.  Everyone was staring at us when we ate.  They were jelly.  Don't put yourself in the same situation as them and head over to Serious Pie!Hm. I'm not quite sure what to say of my experience here. We went for a late Saturday lunch, and was surprised at how insanely tiny this place is. If you have a small party, be prepared to share a table with someone else. This was kind of weird and for someone that has social anxiety, I wish I knew about it ahead of time. There are a couple of tables in the back just for parties of 2, but they were full. The tables are all bar style, with high chairs which was also awkward.Honestly, this place would probably get 4.5 stars for me if it wasn't for one thing- our pizza came to our table half burnt. I was surprised that 1. The guy taking the pizzas out of the oven didn't recognize it as a problem, 2. The guy that cuts the pizza and puts it on the pizza block didn't recognize it as a problem 3. The lady that brought the pizza to the table didn't recognize it as a problem.I gave my wife the "good" half and I ate around the burnt bits on my side. What wasn't burnt was absolutely delicious and probably some of the best pizza I'd ever had. Ever.But the fact that a place as renowned as this would allow burnt pizza to be served to a customer, sorry folks, that's just not good.About the best thin crust wood-fired pizza to be had in Seattle.  Flavorful crust, which is crispy on the outside and still just a tad stretchy on the inside (which is a good thing in my book).For a pizza place, I do wish they had more options to select.  And, I found the yukon potato pizza with rosemary and pecorino to be a bit bland -- I added some of their caramelized onions to the top (not many, though, because they're packed with flavor), and it probably could have used a hearty pass with the pepper mill (red chili flakes overwhelm).  I also wish they had at least one protein-based vegetarian option (which don't have mushrooms or truffles (or which would still be good if those items were removed)).My husband loves what is essentially a Margherita pizza; he tried the mortadella pizza last time and didn't care for the large, thin wedges of what he thought was essentially salty bologna.Very small space and often times lines out the door.  Got there at 11:10 am for lunch and within 10 minutes of being seated, the place was packed.3.5pizzas ordered (my preferences in order):-roasted seasonal mushrooms w truffle cheese: who doesn't love truffle? this was the clear winner.. the chanterelles were really good-soft cooked eggs, prosciutto, asparagus: if this wasn't so salty after the first bite this might've been my fav-sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone: im not a big fan of sausage on pizza so i liked this the least sweets-chocolate budino w olive oil and chocolate biscotti: oki'd come back for the first two pizzas and try a few other thingsThe clam pizza and the mushroom truffle pizza, hands down. And the brussel sprouts. And the blonde beer from Ballard. Order it, eat it, drink it and love it!Heard great  reviews of the yukon gold potato and rosemary pizza so decided to order it.  My friend ordered the simple buffalo mozzarella, red sauce and fresh basil pizza.  Well my pizza was ROSEMARY for sure.  That was all I could experience from each bite.  I love rosemary but this was a little too much for me.  I brushed off the rosemary and the realized the pizza was quite delicious but still ROSEMARY!!  So probably will not order that again.  The simple tomato sauce pizza was great.  Maybe tasted even better after each bite of  the all around "ROSEMARY!!" pizza :) A cozy, dainty ,and pricey restaurant.  The food was tasty but expected more for the price.Excellent pizza/apps, good beers on tap, and a nice vibe. Amazing crust and incredible, inventive ingredients. I wish I had known about their happy hour beginning at 3; I would have loved to try two pizzas and a beer for the price of a normal pizza. Oops.I love Serious Pie.I am one of those Seattlites that would probably eat dirt from off of Tom Douglas's shoes, but I love this place nonetheless.I have had a couple pies that weren't my favorite here (the duck egg pizza comes to mind), but overall the quality and flavor has just been excellent. You don't have a ton of control over where you get seated, and you could very well end up sharing a table with strangers, so not recommended for a first date or casual meeting (or maybe sitting with a bunch of strangers will push your date so far into awkward that it will come out the other side and actually be more comfortable).People tend to complain about two things with Serious Pie- the occasional charring on the crust, and the price. It's a Tom Douglas restaurant and you're getting a pretty big personal pizza. It runs in the $15-25 range, but I can't imagine expecting otherwise. If you're expecting Domino's, or even Pagliacci, you will be disappointed. The pizza is cooked in a wood-burning stove and is rustic and just- special.So, pros: great pizza, interesting ingredients, personal pizzas, great drinks, Tom DouglasCons: duck eggs, limited personal space, might end up sitting next to cranky old rich ladies or bros (both have happened to me, neither was enjoyable)I really liked the pizza. Not a big fan of the communial tables, once a couple was seated next to us it felt very crowded, luckily we finished most of our meal before they sat down.Staff was pleasant. Nice bakery just around the corner.On a foodie road trip and using a combination of yelp, triple d, various magazine reviews and personal suggestions to eat our way up to Seattle and then back down through Portland to the Bay Area. OMG! OMG! OMG!We had a thin, crispy, crunchy pizza with soft cooked free range eggs, proscuitto cotto, and roasted asparagus. The flavor and textures were fantastic! This was a completely different experience from any pizza we've ever had including Patsy's in NYC and Tony's in SF. For dessert, we got a slice of Triple Coconut Crème Pie from Dahlia's Bakery, two doors over but part of Tom Douglas' restaurant group. Heavenly in it's own right!This place is a must visit for anyone who thinks they like pizza. Service was great. Our server was friendly and attentive.Pizza can't get any better!Love this place, it's cozy and they have amazing food!!! The service is also top notch.The atmosphere and the place itself is really cool. It's loud, cramped and busy, but that's its charm. The service was very polite and quick. They afford the chance to wait outside by coming out to get you when your seat is ready so that helps to keep the wait from being miserably cramped inside. The menu and food both look fantastic, but the taste isn't nearly as good. We got the special pizza which included sausage, roasted garlic and basil. Sounds great and looks beautiful, but it literally had no flavor. Not sure how they manage that with those toppings, but sadly, they did. The flavor needs to be amped up to make it worth the $50 tab for two pizzas and two root beers.Went here on a Saturday night and the wait wasn't too long. The variety/uniqueness of pizza was great. All 3 types we had were amazing. I would recommend the one with potatoes on it. Surprised me but it was quite good. Overall...everything I ate I enjoyed.Been back here a couple times since my first visit.  Was able to take their pizza class on a recent trip to Seattle.  Just as good as the pizza.  One of the first cooking classes where I learned something new!The wait for a table is long but the Pizza and Cannoli's are worth it.Farm fresh phenomenal ingredients and the most delicious crisp yet chewy crust make for the single best pizza I've ever had. I was so enamored by Serious Pie that I was there two of three days in was in Seattle. I started with the kale salad topped with calabrian hot peppers, shaved pecorino, and pine nuts.  Bitter, crunchy, citrusy, and slightly spicy, it was a great precursor to the pizza of my dreams... the spicy coppacola with soft cooked duck egg.  I think I almost melted onto the floor after my first bite.  Bright crunchy frisee was the perfect foil to the savory salty coppa and oozy untuous yolk of the soft cooked duck egg. A trip to Seattle is not complete without a trip to Serious Pie. Seriously... don't miss out.Everyone in Seattle loves Tom Douglas restaurants. Except, apparently, me. I've been to a few and without exception I have left thinking, "Yeah, that was pretty alright." Serious Pie continues the trend with their gourmet pizzas.Serious Pie serves gourmet, thin-crust pizzas cooked in a wood fire oven. The crust is thin and crispy but not cracker-y. The toppings are fresh and mostly unexpected, so if you're looking for typical sausage and pepperoni-type toppings you'll be out of luck (although they do offer a mighty fine sausage pizza). The menu is limited, but I have tried nearly every kind and they've all been tasty. The potato pizza seems to be a favorite among my coworkers, and I enjoyed the duck egg pizza. The buffalo cheese pizza is simple and yummy, and the onion/huckleberry pizza was an interesting taste adventure. They also offer a clam pizza, but I wasn't feeling daring enough to give it a shot. All in all, the pizza is good, but it never seems to "hit the spot" when I'm really in the mood for pizza.The appetizers are similarly unexpected: a meat plate and duck liver pate, just to name two. But none of the appetizers is very substantial. They do more to keep you occupied than begin the meal - but I suppose that may just be the point.The atmosphere is casual and rustic but sophisticated. As expected from a Tom Douglas spot, the servers know everything about the menu and are very attentive. The main dining room features long, tall tables shared by multiple parties, so get ready to sidle up next to a stranger while you enjoy your pizza. There is also a "kitchen table" for bigger parties, but you have to call ahead to reserve it. I've eaten in both areas, and they've both been just fine.Both of my visits have been for work parties, so I haven't paid a great deal of attention to prices.My general impression of Serious Pie is that it's a nice place to take out of town visitors or go on a date. It's got great atmosphere and sophistication. It's also tastier and less pretentious than Via Tribunali (they're not fooling anyone with all their pizza ingredients in Italian). It's certainly good food, but if you're in the mood for great pizza, I suggest hitting up Amante or Hot Mama's on Capitol Hill or Stellar Pizza in Georgetown.Delicious pizza. Happy hour is the best time to go because the pizzas are $6 for half a pizza and draft beer is $5. So $11 a person is pretty good for a meal downtown. The half pizza was almost enough to fill me up. Maybe get one for each person in your party and an extra one to split?Although it's... cozy...  inside, it is totally worth it!  Although if you're not adventuresome when it comes to food and you go in and see the menu looks daunting, I do say to give it a try!  I can be somewhat picky, and the first few tries of Serious Pie I was nervous to how the food would taste because the particular ingredient pairings appeared to be risky...  however, always ended up divine!Of the Tom Douglas establishments, this and Lola are my favorites. I've only ever done takeout because the wait for food seems very long from inside the restaurant. They've always been great with takeout (prompt and friendly). My personal favorite is the truffle or the potato. However, there are two other high-end pizza places in the Seattle area, Delancey and Bene Pizza, both of which I would pick over Serious Pie, for their selection and quality. If Serious Pie is the closest, you still won't be disappointed.I'm torn.  This is really a 3.5 star place.Planning on arriving at lunch time on the weekend?  Hope you have time to wait.  We went in on Sunday at 1:45 and they quoted us 40 minutes.  It took 40 minutes.  Hate being cramped while eating?  Like your privacy?  Best go somewhere else.  The restaurant is so small that they only have a handful of tables and they do not waste any space.  Unless you have 6+ people, you can count on sharing a table with strangers.  Pack some extra breath mints because you will be up-close and personal with them.  Hell, ask them for a bite of their food while you're at it!Love crispy pizza with gourmet flavor combinations you won't find at Pizza Hut?  This is your place.  Before we get to the main event, however, I'd like to point out that they have amazing beverages.  I tried the hard cider and I'm still craving another glass.  But the big hit at our table was the root beer, on tap!  It has so much flavor that you might wonder why you bothered with A&W all this time.  Serious Pie also has some seriously good appetizers.  I saw the charcuterie platter and drooled as it wandered over to the next table.  Our appetizer was heirloom tomatoes with sweet corn and white anchovies.  Before you cringe, I can tell you the anchovies were PERFECTION.  They were certainly the most fresh anchovies I've ever had (and more reminiscent of raw oysters than the oily, firm ones that top caesar salads).  They added the salty component the tomatoes were missing.  Oh, and the whole dish came drizzled with basil oil.  Unique and delicious.  As for the pizza, we tried the fennel sausage with roasted peppers & provolone and the daily special with duck bacon (!!), fried sage, figs and cheese (the name of which I missed, unfortunately).  Our table neighbors were quite jealous as we got the last of the daily special pizzas.  Poor schmucks, they missed out big time!  The pizza was so crispy (a hair shy of burnt) but the crust tasted all the better because of it.  It had an olive oil base, which amplified the flavor of the duck bacon (which tasted... bacon-y) and the cheese.  (I really regret not knowing what kind it was because it was pungent and creamy and I'd put it on everything.)  The figs were a nice addition, too, not too sweet.  Out of the 4 of us in our party, 75% favored this pizza over the sausage.  But speaking of, the sausage pizza also tasted great.  The roasted peppers are slightly spicy and provide the saucy component of the pizza.  The sausage was cooked through and not too spiced, which maybe isn't so great.  I couldn't even taste the fennel.  I wouldn't kick it out of bed, though.  Price-wise, this place is a little out of line.  The pizzas are all $16 or more and have 8 smallish pieces.  The appetizer was $10 and there were 4 slices of tomato, a large spoonful of corn & 4 anchovies.  The really appalling part was $5 for each glass of root beer!  Shame on you, Tom Douglas.  That being said, I'll be back for sure... for the $5 pizza happy hour.we actually ended up coming here twice.  this was the first place we went to after getting off the plane.  since we loved it, we had to make our friends try it  here are the pizzas we got, why and our thoughts:FOOD: - sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone - great pizza.  awesome flavor.  crunchy crust.  we got this since our waitress recommended we get a "red sauce" pizza with our potato pizza (oil based? sounds disgusting.  i don't know how else to describe it. pretty much the opposite of red sauce).  btw, that was such a good recommendation!  i think this was an overall favorite.- yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino romano - we had to get the potato pizza because we've never had one before!  plus, it was recommended by the waitress.  it was pretty good but we wished it was better.  it's more on the mild side with no punch of flavor that we were looking for.  still, it is good.- roasted golden chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese - truffle mushroom pizza was my favorite (and kyle too)! mushrooms (check). truffle oil (check).  bold truffle flavor.  generous amount of mushrooms.  so good. so so good.AMBIENCE / SERVICE:  waiting times are long here.  especially since this is not the largest establishment.  good thing, dahlia bakery is around the corner in case you want a pre-dinner bite.  service is great!  spot on with recommendations.OVERALL:  3.5 stars.  fresh ingredients and comes out hot. worth it.We got the special, cauliflower-garlic-olive oil-smoked mozzarella. ..absolutely fabulous. Second pizza was the fennel sausage and was also stunning. Great service, great vibe. Good way to end our last evening in Seattle!Came here during Restaurant Week and got their menu! Had a pumpkin caponata with vegetables that was delicious. The kale salad was also very fresh. For a pizza, I got the soft cooked egg, prosciutto and arugula. Who can say no to soft, runny egg with the rest of the ingredients? The desserts were interesting, but liked the concord grape sorbet the best. The yukon gold potato pizza was also delicious too. The service is really good here and we enjoyed our time. Highly recommend this place!The apricot cider and our server were awesome!  However everything else was so-so. I had the potato pizza which was down right flavor less. It was like having baked potato chips on top of cracker-like pizza crust.  My boyfriend had the prosciutto pizza which he thought wasn't bad but not great either. I'm personally not a fan of sitting on high stools, I think they are uncomfortable which is all this place has. Also the community seating is weird, I know it's trendy and I thought the idea of it was okay until we actually had to sit at a table awkwardly with strangers.  We might go back sometime but I won't be getting the pizza.Went there recently, pretty delicious!  We had the fennel sausage & peppers pizza and the penn cove clam pizza.  Both were awesome!  Definitely recommend going there.  I like the ambiance, a little dark, long bar top tables to share the table with other people.  Quite cozy.  We needed a pizza fix and this totally satisfied it.  Good size pizza that one person can finish.  A little more expensive than other pizza places so don't be surprised.  Staff was very helpful and attentive so that was a plus!   Ill definitely be back!Happy pizza'n!!!I can't lie and say this was bad pizza.  But I can't lie and say it's pizza either.  The food is high quality.  I can't negate that.  I ordered a Truffle cheese and mushroom pizza.  It came on a delicious crust, with these gigantic chunks of mushroom.  I didn't ask to see which  kind of mushrooms they were.  But they were delicious.  The truffle cheese was thick with no cuts and a perfect melt.  But it had no sauce.  And um, call me a stickler but pizza with no sauce is like a burrito with no tortilla.  We asked for marinara sauce on the side. But it still didn't fill that empty void in my tummy for delicious pizza.I was lookin' for something Brooklynesque with a thin crust and amazing sauce but alas this pizza was not that.  It had the best reviews on yelp and it was close to where we were.  The menu had that sexy sophistication that confused you enough to make you blindly choose.  Huckleberries; soft cooked duck eggs; yukon potatoes....  But I was left unfulfilled.It's not bad.  to me:  it's just not pizza.  I will come back and try other "Pizza's"Seriously incredible!!! Buffalo mozzarella was to-die-for!! Literally the perfect pizza. If you visit Seattle this is a MUST HAVE!!!Great spot and even better pizza!We got the kale salad and truffle cheese mushroom pizza (with sausages). It was delicious. The kale salad is very different. You can taste the bitterness of the kale, but it was yummy. The pizza was SO DELICIOUS! The cheese was very LIGHT and there were hella mushrooms! It was the perfect pizza......The first week in May 2013, experienced a couple of fantastic, beautiful pizzas here. Yes, they put burrata on a pizza and yes I was day dreaming about it for a few days afterward. How do I describe it other than physically moving? Maybe it was just the particular night, but this pizza touched me in places that are rarely touched. That remain motionless, forgotten about...for most of the year. One of those meals that it would be OK to expire in a drive by shortly afterward. Thank you, sirs.   A pretty simple menu: just pizza and apps. And communal tables.Very good service, nice wine, splendid crust, a delightful selection of desserts.    Probably due in large part to the fact that I live in a pizza desert...but this place makes me want to return to Seattle, just to eat here again.I like it.  Jam yourself in with perfect strangers and eat strange yet tasty pizza: grape and olives (B-), plus a 22oz beer , some bubble gum Bavarian hefe.Many would contend that the phrase "serious pizza" is an oxymoron, so I think Chef Tom Douglas was on point in naming this place "Serious Pie". After all, his creations are not your standard grease soaked, government cheese topped, corner delivery joint "pizzas". No, my friends - these "pies" are serious - soft cooked duck egg and huckleberry serious.  Food: Serious Pie specializes in artisan wood-fired pizza. The pizzas are oval shaped (about 11" by 7") and serve 1-2 people. All the pizzas include an assortment of unique ingredients like yukon gold potatoes, truffle cheese, clams, huckleberries, and soft cooked duck eggs. Given that I was going to be boarding a plane within a few hours of my recent visit to Serious Pie, my dining partner and I opted for a seemingly less adventurous pizza topped with buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, and fresh basil. The pie was perfectly cooked, the ingredients were fresh and flavorful, and the crust was like no other that I have ever ingested. Service: Serious Pie does not take reservations, so you will undoubtedly have to wait for a table unless you arrive during non-peak dining hours. If there is a wait, they will take your name and number and call you when your table is ready. Fortunately, during our late Sunday morning visit, we were promptly greeted and seated by the hostess. Our waitress arrived shortly thereafter and was attentive throughout the meal - she was also more than willing to answer any questions about the menu offerings.Atmosphere: The atmosphere of Serious Pie was really the only lackluster component of the dining experience. The dining room is incredibly small, and thus, the seating is communal - although some might find this perfectly acceptable, I consider such arrangements more appropriate for cafeterias, prisons, and soup kitchens. The kitchen is also open, so you leave reeking like pizza. It's also important to note that the vast majority of the tables are also high tops, which can prove problematic for parties with children or elderly individuals. Cost: Expensive by casual pizza dining standards. Appetizers are $7-$14, pizzas are $15- $18, and desserts are $4-$8.Other: Hours of operation are 11AM-11PM daily. Serious Pie features a happy hour, Monday-Friday, 3PM-5PM, which includes select mini pies for $5 and a handful of wines and pints for $5 and $4, respectively. The restaurant also offers a special "kitchen table" menu, where you can reserve a table in the center of the kitchen for small parties (12 seated, 16 standing) - there is a $400 minimum for a two hours reservation or $700 for the entire evening.Ive eaten a lot of pizza in my 53 years being from Chicago and having some great pizza places I must say this was my favorite pizza ive ever had. The sauce on the Margarita was outstanding! I havn't been to pizza Bianco in Az ,but going this November, so well see if this place stays number one!omg !this place is  a series of restaurants by this chef called Tom something, the point is, his restaurants are amazing!!!I'm not even a pizza person and I inhaled a mushroom pizza with truffle cheese, my husband had  a pizza with goat cheese and mortadella, it was sooooo good.Also they have great beers. the only thing about htis place is that its small so something there's a waitI like this location a little bit more than the SLU location.  It just seems a little nicer although it also seems a little smaller to me.  My favorite is the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza.  However, it is a little too rich about halfway through so I like to share it with other dining partners and share.I have also tried the sausage pizza (very good but tastes much more like a standard pizza), fennel (very good although the abundance of green on top looks like I'm eating grass), and the basil (very good but a little more plain than the rest).I had a coconut cream pie slice for dessert.  It was absolutely delicious.The drink menu is fairly extensive and nice with a good variety of beer, wine, etc.Everything here is delicious! Great pizza made with house made sausage and other unusual options like clams. I had a marinated kale salad and could not shut up about how good it was.Went to Serious Pie for their happy hour. Happy Hour is Monday through Friday from 3pm to 6pm. They offer all of their pies (aka pizzas) for $6.00 in a scaled-down version. They have just a handful of wine and beer specials that range from $4.00 to $6.00. Happy Hour was a great way to try a couple of pies without having to spend $16+ on a pizza that you're not too sure you're going to like. We ordered a margarita-type pie and a kale/egg pizza. The kale/egg pie was our favorite! The yolk gets really runny and soaks into the homemade dough. The kale gives the pie a bit of a bitter taste, but it's SO GOOD!We also ordered seared olives and roasted almonds. They were good, but not great.I would return to Serious Pie anytime. Great find!Oh, one more thing... Be prepared to get cozy with some strangers as there are very few tables and you will end up sharing your table with the locals:)Our group of 6 arrived super hungry at 4pm on Thursday and waited about half an hour to be seated. Fortunately for us it was happy hour during which they offer half pizzas at $6 each (4 small slices per pie). Score!!  We ordered 12 of those (2 of each kind), drinks, and the brussel sprouts starter. As a vegetarian, I was pleasantly surprised by the pizza selection and absolutely loved the Yukon Gold pizza. You can't go wrong with that! My omnivore boyfriend and his family really enjoyed the the mushroom pizza (vegetarian) and the sausage and broccoli pizza, while declaring the clam pizza too fishy. I'm not sure I would visit the restaurant during regular hours (hello budget!), however, we'll definitely be back for happy hour!!Amazing pizza in Seattle! My mouth is watering just remembering our pizza. It's pretty small and community seating, so be prepared to share tables with other people (but it's really not that uncomfortable). We went right during lunch time, but only had a 15 minute wait. We had the potato and sausage pizza. Super thin crust (which was the best part, in our opinion) but the toppings were so flavorful. Even though the pizzas look small (and about $17 each), we definitely could have shared one. We ate as much as we could but still had a little more than half a pizza leftover!! (Everyone we met in downtown after lunch commented about our leftovers, hehe) It really is no wonder Serious Pie is one of the best and most Yelped restaurants in Seattle. I would go back in a heartbeat.Awesome crust, awesome decor, great sauce, yummy root beer on tap. This place is cool and I totally dug the vibe. The veggies tasted fresh and the cheese was not too salty. Delish!I miss Serious Pie so much. Sometimes when I go to bed hungry I dream of eating their pizza. Best pizza I had in Seattle, maybe ever.WHY do they put extra salt on these pizzas? I mean, I love me some salt. I have the taste buds of an 89 year old. But let's be real. It's TOO MUCH.My pops and I came here whilst doing some Xmas shopping at Westlake. I love Tom Douglas (see Lola) but I was underwhelmed. We got some duck bruschetta which was alright. Also a little salty.We each ordered our own pizzas. I got some sausage/pepper pizza and when it came, it was literally covered in salt crystals. The pizza itself was good but it was overpowered by all this unnecessary sea salt. Pizza doesn't need it. Stahp. Servers weren't super nice either, which is common at any Tom Douglas restaurant that I've been to. Not too memorable, but not terrible.The whole experience (besides the salt) was A-OK. I won't seek this place out again, but I wouldn't whine and moan if someone suggested the place again.Fun place in a very convenient downtown location. I've been here twice for lunch with work friends. It's a pretty tiny little place with an open kitchen and tall family-style tables. It gets very busy around noon - be prepared to wait for up to 20 minutes or luck out and walk right in to a table.The pizza is creative and tasty and the crust is just the right crispy. The salads have always be very fresh and well dressed.The reasons for four stars: a bit pricey (but it is Tom Douglas), it gets loud when it's busy (but you've got to kind of expect that), my clam pizza average only a clam and a half per slice - not very clammy (sad face), and the hostess was a bit snitty with us on my last visit (but everyone else I've ever dealt with was friendly and down-to-earth).I came here once years ago and was in love.  Every subsequent time I've come to Seattle I wanted to return here, but it would never work out.  I began to think I was fated to have only the memory of the delicious meal I had here to last me a lifetime.  On my most recent visit, however, I finally made it back!  I was so happy to see that the quality lived up to my memory.  It's a small restaurant with an unusual seating setup but the food is amazing.  I don't even have a specific recommendation; it's all tasty!  I wish I could come here every time I'm in Seattle.New in town, and having just looked at some places for rent in Belltown, I was absolutely hungry until I came across Serious Pie. I didn't look at reviews, or knew about Tom Douglas or whatever; I just wandered in. I thought it was a bit pricy for pizza, but figured there wasn't much occasion to spend $20 on a pizza. Plus, with a place bustling with energy, I thought I couldn't go wrong.This is some serious damn-good pizza pie. Well-named restaurant, indeed.The savory flavor and slightly salty bread was just right. The blistered and nan-like bread of the pizza was a great base to the toppings. Be sure to check out the special of the day because it could vary based on season. My first experience was a seasonal squash pizza topped with whatever was so delicious. Red pepper at the side that I sprinkled to the way I like it. Overall good vibe. Go with good company and this would be the pizza place you won't forget. I went alone the first time, so I ended up with group seating with a stranger across from me. (Luckily, I ended up with a great conversation.) Pretty crowded seating. Expect to wait for minimum 20 minutes.Being a vegetarian, I think my default favorite is the mushroom truffle cheese pizza. I do recall a pretty good leek pizza as well. Other times, I've asked to customize the potato one not to include meat instead, but replace with mushroom. Definitely trying a variation off the main menu opens some options for a vegetarian after coming here every month. They were able to accommodate a slight customizing and still was balance. So good, I feel my mouth water right now.Since discovering this place, I would look forward to taking people to eat at Serious Pie. A must go place. Had I decided on a apartment around the neighborhood, I think I would go broke from becoming a regular here. Until I find the right apartment, Serious Pie will be the grand meal I treat myself to once in a while.I was in Seattle spending time with sister and she keep telling me about this place. At first I didn't really believe her but after reading the reviews and thought to myself that I need to try a new restaurant out so I gave in and want here. We came there around noonish and the place was only a little busy which was perfect. We sat down and order 2 pizzas(sausage and the clams). I also got a IPA and it was pretty tasty. The pizzas came pretty fast and it was super thin which I was extremely impress. My 1st bite and the pizza was pretty dam good!! I couldn't believe it but I actually like it and the different topping of the pizza made it super moist. I have to say this was a really good pizza. This pizza place can rank them up w.a lot of pizza places in NYC!!! I have to say it is one of the BEST pizza places in the west coast!!!!I sure ate my words after trying this place lolI was in Seattle with my friend for two days, and we loved it so much the first time we ate here, we had to come back the next day. Their pizza is incredible, the salad is simple yet perfectly balanced, the brussel sprouts are to die for!I've been here a few times, and definitely enjoyed my meal, but was never blown away by anything.  The salads and pizzas are interesting and well made, but really I prefer Delancey or Tutta Bella.  I know I'm not supposed to say this because it's Tom Douglas, but that's the way it is.  I love Dahlia Cafe and the new biscuit place but this one doesn't amaze me.  I am saying that if you're in the neighborhood and need a good meal with great service, you'll definitely get that here.I went with a group of four on a Saturday night, and although it was crowded, the wait was only 15 minutes. However, because we were a group of four, we were seated between two couples. It wasn't terrible, but just keep in mind that you may have to share your table with strangers.The pizzas weren't bad, but they weren't something that I would crave for. It was somewhat pricey, for not that exceptional pizza. However, I understand the pricing, due to the ingredients they use, compared to the franchise pizza chains. We ordered the Yukon gold potato, the mushroom and truffle cheese, and the sweet fennel sausage pizzas. The potato one was disappointing; it didn't have very much flavor (it was just crust, layered with potatoes, and seasoning/herbs --no sauce). Both the mushroom and sausage pizzas were a lot better. Two people in my group didn't like mushrooms, but one of them enjoyed the mushroom pizza nonetheless. So, for you mushroom-haters, it might just be a hit or miss (it has a pretty strong flavor of mushroom). The pizza crust is pretty thin, and couldn't really hold the weight of the sausage pizza's toppings.// It's just my personal preference of "simple pizzas" (i.e., Domino's, I really like their garlic seasoned crusts!) over the more gourmet-style types of pizzas, and so I don't think I would revisit and pay for this. Be that as it may, I do recommend you trying it at least once (especially if you enjoy gourmet style pizzas)!Great pie, brick oven crispy crust and good wine and beverage choices made this a great place to relax over a late afternoon. Walking distance to Pike's and well worth trying.Loved this place! My husband and I had the Duck Egg Pizza, something totally outside my norm. I was not disappointed! We also enjoyed the communal seating, as we had two sets of 'neighbors' during our meal and had a great time chatting it up with all of them. If you're in Seattle definitely make a trip to Serious Pie, you will seriously die it is so good. :)Honestly, I don't understand all the fuss about this place.  Maybe I just don't take my pizza serious enough.Good crust on this wood fired pizza. My favorite I tried was the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil pizza. If I come back, I would just get this one. The Big E root beer on tap is really great and rich, have never had a root beer like this where you can really taste the herbs.The other two I tried were very rich in flavor and a little overwhelming. These included the roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese - and a daily special with anchovies. The pizzas are quite small, and you will probably want to order one per person to try at least two different kinds with a few slices to take home.I love Pizza and this was by far the best Pizza I have ever had! Amazing Kale salad!!!!Picked up the roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pizza on the way back to the hotel from a night of drinking and MY GOD that pizza was amazing! I don't know if it was the alcohol that enhanced the taste or us being drunkingly excited to try it, but we DEVOURED that pizza. Best thing I've eaten so far in Seattle. Will try to go back (maybe sober) and get it again. Two thumbs way up!!Mr. Douglas was makin' pizza in here last night himself and he did a fantastic job with our Rosemary Potato and Guanciale, arugula, & egg pies.It was 10pm and the man showed no signs of stopping. He was pouring wine, passing plates, topping pies, laughing with staff and clientele. You name it, he was doin' it.. hard at work.Each and every time I've been in to SP, I've had nothing but excellent service, delicious pizza, salads, and desserts (the handpie is incredible). We've tried every pie on the menu at this point and my favorites remain:*Rosemary & potato pie*Guanciale, arugula, & egg pie*The chantrelle mushroom pie w/ truffle oilThe prices are totally reasonable for what you're getting. Delicious, high quality pies, hand-delivered to you by the lovely, kind-hearted, curly haired mastermind behind the "2000 block Restaurant Scene" on 4th & 5th ave in Seattle.I am a regular here. I will be... well... probably forever. My only wish: a club card or a membership of some sort. I'd be ALL over that.I loved their water that you can grab as you come in!! The water was infused with raspberry and lemons, kind of like a understated raspberry lemonade but not tangy at all - SOO refreshing. But that's not the only reason why I'm a fan! Of course their pizza does NOT disappoint!!! Long story short, came in during happy hour and was really impressed on the quality of the buffalo mozzarella cheese on their margarita pizza. Wait not the cheese, i meant the crust!!! I loved the crust and the semi open kitchen! (That must be a Seattle thing because I love dinner and a show!)They always say save the best for last and I'm glad I did during my short Seattle trip. One thing for sure, this will not be the last time I get serious for some pie.I'm a believer.Four pizzas for four people. Demolished.Mushroom/truffle pizza - Yummy, my favorite of the group. Definitely tasted the truffle in the cheese. Usually not having enough truffle flavor is a gripe of mine but they did it well.Sausage - Next fave. The tomato sauce was perfect! A little sweet, a little tang. Sausage had good seasonings.Clams - Plenty of clams. Nice hit of flavor. A little bit of lemon, herb, and salty pancetta to balance it all. Duck egg - The egg was hiding under a huge pile of arugula. I found it though, winner!  But then it oozed off my plate onto the table because I had assumed we already broke the yolk. D'oh. Kind of hard to eat because the arugula wasn't chopped. The hub liked the large handfuls of arugula but he has a big mouth. The crust was amazing. I usually leave the end crust when I have pizza, but not this time. Every crumb was eaten. Regarding pizza size, they were rustic, hand-formed rectangles on planks. One per person would be kind of a stretch to eat but we were starving, so it wasn't a problem at all.Corkage fee was $15 or $20, either way was a fair charge. We brought a nice bottle from Walla Walla to share. Communal tables were perfectly fine. Conversations were at a low hum, as it was a laid back Saturday night (within their last hour or so of service). I feel very fortunate to have experienced Serious Pie when it was more low key than the loud crazy crowded long wait during their day hours. Or maybe we were just lucky.I want to go back. If not to eat-in, take something out. They were serving plenty of pizzas to go that night.***PIZZA PIZZA IN MY PIE HOLE***Tom Douglas defeated Masaharu Morimoto on Iron Chef, has won the 1994 James Beard Award for Best Northwest Chef, was nominated for Best New Restaurant by the James Beard Foundation in 1996, and has many fine restaurant in the Northwest.So why only four stars?  The space is cramp which is a good thing or bad thing depending on who you are seating next to since it is only community tables.The pizza is pricey and can only be ordered by the pie ( whole pizza) and the menu is limited.  The beer selection is also limited.Things I ordered to enter my pie hole:SWEET FENNEL SAUSAGE, ROASTED PEPPERS, PROVOLONE $18. The Sausage was flavorful, the crust was crispy and well seasoned, and the right enough sauce with gooey provolone cheese....very good but not great. yelp.com/biz_photos/-FOA…BUFFALO MOZZARELLA, RED SAUCE, THEIR OWN FARM'S BASIL $17. The mozzarella was nicely melted and delicious with the right amount of sauce tasting the fresh basil...very light and tasty but not great. yelp.com/biz_photos/-FOA…MARITIME PORTAGE BAY PILSNER 6/$16. Good enough to get us a buzz.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Overall this place is a good pizza joint but not my favorite. You must try it once so you can say you went to an Iron Chef winner pizza joint.PRO TIP: Happy Hour Monday - Fridays at 3pm-5pm.  They have mini-pies for $6, wines for $5, and pint for $4 to save you on moolah for things to put in your pie hole.tomdouglas.com/index.php…A serious high five to Seattle's very own Katy H for suggesting Serious Pie as a definite must-try Seattle eatery.Luckily on a Wednesday around 2pm, Serious wasn't rocking a serious line as I was told to anticipate. I mean they even had room for a horse! Yes, a police horse stuck his head in the front door and was fed some bread. It was a serious sight for sore eyes!On the human front, the menu is limited but the options pack a serious punch of flavors. We had the fennel pizza that is raved about in reviews and it definitely lived up to the hype. Serious. We also had the pizza with the squash on it and really serious intense cheese. It was up my alley but my mom and sister had a tougher time adjusting to the severity of zeee cheese. The serious stand out was the kale salad. It was simple yet hearty and delicious. A little on the small side but maybe it wasn't meant to be split among three seriously starving bellies.The service was serious in providing personality and sound menu advice.Seriously consider Serious Pie. Seriously.only went here once and it was delicious.  I recommend going during happy hour....personal pizza's are pretty affordable.  Also, try some of the appetizers....like the fried chicken livers.....yummy.The name of this place doesn't lie - it's some serious pie! And by "serious," I mean seriously GOOD!I'm not quite sure "pizza" is the appropriate way to describe the goods that come flying out of the hot pizza oven, I'd be more inclined to call it flat bread. it's oblong like a football, doughy like bread, and with just a light dusting of cheese on the top. It burst with flavor, but if you're in the mood for a traditional pizza pie oozing with gooey cheese and grease, it might miss the mark a bit.In addition to pizzas, they have a pretty extensive salad menu... but unfortunately, their winter bean salad (if I remember the menu item correctly) was pretty uneventful. Tasted like they pried open a can of garbanzo and green beans and dumped them on a plate. Completely flavorless, and the one thing that bummed me out about my meal.Other than the bean salad fail, the staff was cool, the space was really cozy, and that flat bread/pizza was an absolute delight!**To be rapped/sung to the beat/tune of "I'll be Missing You" by Puff Daddy and Faith Evans**Seems like yesterday I got to taste your doughI put my name, spent 1 hour on holdIn the cue, just let the lager pitchers flow Notorious, everyone says you're thatCheese, sauce, dough ain't always what it seem to beWords can't express what you mean to meNow that you're in my belly, we're definitely a teamFrom Italy, it seems you came to be In the future, can't wait to seeWhat new flavours you will be  Reminisce some time, the night I ate your pieCherry bomb peppers, they play againwith sweet fennel sausage, it goes so well.Can't imagine the beautiful crustGive anything to have one more bite Buffalo mozzarella, so good, so white.  Chorus:Every bite I take, every chomp I makeEvery single day, when I want frais,I'll be missing youThinkin of the day, when you became my preyWhat a life to take, where nothing is fakeI'll be missing you**** I do miss Serious Pie.  It was definitely some of the best pizza I had, if not the best, since I was in Italy in 2008.  The flavours are so simple, yet so delicious! So fresh and natural! What a clean pizza pie! I'll be back.******I don't understand Serious Pie.Why would anybody pay this much money for such small portions, skimpy toppings, a loud restaurant where you have to yell across the table, seating where you're squeezed in like sardines with strangers at communal seating, no reservations and a rude, eyerolling waitress?I've been to Serious Pie a few times now, and I'm always walking out wondering why I spent $30 on a salty, mediocre pizza and a small side vegetable when I'm still hungry. Do yourself a favor and don't buy into the hype.Tom Douglas has struck again! On the same block nonetheless! He's going to take over a whole city block. Who is going to stop him? Apparently not me. I didn't want to like it, really I didn't. I wanted to sit down, have some mediocre pizza, and lambaste the entire experience in one witty Yelp review. In all honesty, I just can't do that, it was good.The food was solid. The salad was above average and did not contain any of that weird frizzy stuff we all leave from the spring mix salad. The peach and prosciutto appetizer was out of this world, it was the perfect blend of sweet and salty. The pizza was flavorful, fresh, and simple. The dessert, well it was seasonal and I didn't feel like plum this or fig that, so we skipped it.Skipping dessert makes me sad. So, generally I just take the opportunity to go somewhere else for dessert. However, this time, I didn't want to leave. I liked Serious Pie. The ambiance made me want to stay and figure out a way to request a dessert made from the peaches I had for an appetizer. Add a little cinnamon, some cream, I'd be happy. Please let me stay a little longer. The bar stool I was sitting at was too comfortable to leave. Wait a minute, comfortable bar stools? Yes, they were, dare I say it, more comfortable than my couch. The lighting was warm, the air smelled like freshly baked bread, my belly was happy. I was snugger than a bug in a rug. Alas, I had to leave, and I had to like it. Cruel cruel world.My date and I chose the "Potato Pizza" or as it is written on the menu the: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino... pizza for $14 dollars. Doesn't that even sound foodie-licious?!?Matt and I thought it was amazing! Lots of dough. Soft warm potato slices. Salty. Tastes of rosemary and pecorino cheese. Yum!The pizza was enough for the two of us. I do believe we shared a salad beforehand and imbibed in some Manny's Pale Ale on tap. Beer with pizza? I think that's a must!!It was a great date with a wait that wasn't terribly long (perhaps twenty minutes or so). The bistro style tables that we sat at added to the fun, unique foodie pizza and bar style restaurant.Would definitely try Serious Pie again! If nothing else, I must return to try the clam pizza which seems to be all the rage!The mini-hero has hit a point where I would just rather not take him any place where the civilized dwell.  He has taken to telling people (random people) to "SHUT UP!"  Seriously - like people at the next table in a restaurant.So when my parents asked us where we thought we wanted to go to dinner my response was, "How about no where?  Let's have pizza at your place."   Was thinking that we would get some Pagliacci, which I miss since they don't deliver in the hood (assholes).Imagine my surprise when the step-pops walks in the door with like 6 boxes from Serious Pie.  AWESOME.  YAY.  LETS EAT.We had every pizza on the menu.  The best part for me, honestly, was the oval shape they come  in.  This is how my Trader Hoe's pizza's come out no matter how hard I try to make them round and I am forever mocked for it by the hub.  "SEE!!??  This is how gourmet pizza is supposed to be fuck neck!"  Love an opportunity to return his mocking with a solid and smug come back like that.Anyhoo - my favorite pie would have to be the cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage.  I flippin' love sausage and I also flippin' love me a sweet little pepper.  Mmmmm...mm.  Good.  I was also a big fan of the penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme pie.  Clams on a pizza...what will the Sasquatch Chef think of next?  Really nice balanced flavors with a very NW tilt.  Love it.There were some pies with mushrooms among the bunch, but this is the one childhood food phobia I have retained so I can only share what I observed.  The hub was in some sort of shroom induced Nirvana after his finished his slice of roasted mushrooms, truffle cheese pie and made a funny almost pained noise while rolling his eyes into the back of his head while eating the morels, arugula pesto, fiore di sardo.  Sure - if you like FUNGUS.I look forward to actually getting to experience the whole deal - roasted cherries, mozzarella, arugula, pine nuts currently on the menu is literally calling me.  Can you hear that?  Looks like there is real live Cannoli on the menu too.  I'm going to assume this place will soon land on my $20 lunch list.UPDATE:  Michelle B. and I had a little lunchy here and I am ready to bestow the fifth star.  We stated with the Arugula, Pine Nut, Roasted Cherry and Buratta cheese - which is like a buffalo moz with a ricotta tilt to it.  I looked it up and it's described as fresh moz with a cream center.  INSANELY GOOD, salty, smacky lips, happiness.  We had a nice little sausage and pepper pie and the crust was awesome as were the toppings.  And they have Coke now, so nothing at all to complain about other than the fact that all the seating is on high stools which makes my calves swell as if I am an old woman.  But that's really my problem, yeah?Serious Pie. I finally made it. After a long time of hype and people talking this place up... I made it in. And it was even for kind of a serious meeting. Kind of. Anyway, all hype and non-seriousness aside, this was some pretty-good-but-not-mind-blowing pizza. I split a fennel-sausage and cherry-bomb pepper pizza and a pizza with soft eggs, bitter greens, and pork with my associate, and we started with a salad of foraged greens and _____ (we weren't sure). The salad was tasty in a better-than average way. The fennel sausage pizza was tasty, as was the other pie. The sausage stood out as a high quality version of the sausage I used to love on cheaper pizzeria pizzas. Both were "good" but not "stellar." The one stand-out part of the equation was the crust. As my dining partner so aptly pointed out, it was crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and had some quality "depth" to it. That all said, I guess I was expecting more. I'm not going to use the hype as an excuse to drop 3-stars on this place. The pizza is good. That said, I've been blown away by some perfectly chewy wood-fired crust in Portland lately, and add in some toppings with some slightly more exciting flavors and zing to the sauce, and I was just let wanting with this pizza. I was expecting serious flavors. Plus, our final $55 bill for 2 pizzas, a salad, a hot tea, and an Italian Soda with frozen prosecco was steep. Overall, I would come back, but with a plethora of Seattle spots I have yet to check out, this would likely not be at the top of the list. Especially since I hear it gets slammed up in here.This place needs another review like I need ...well, something I don't really need.Anway, I'll keep it short and sweet: the lovely Mitzie was a genius to suggest we meet at 11:30 am for lunch. When I got there I thought maybe I had misheard her, but no. She was absolutely right; had we waited any longer we would have been spending our lunch break standing in line like dummies.The communal tables immediately turned me off. I like people, but I don't want to eat my lunch with strangers. I even stay at B&B's and have breakfast with strangers, but that's different.Okay, the pizza: I had the tomato mozzarella, and it was good but salty. The main flavor was ... salty. It's really all about the crust. I LOVE the crust. I could eat thumbtacks on that crust. I really really wish they'd had the carmelized onions/gruyere from the Bite of Seattle on the menu. I've been dreaming of it.I'd go back and try the salads, but I'd never stand in line.Okay, serious pie pizzas are pretty tasty and delicious I must admit, but they are super expensive. They're not very big. I could finish one and still be hungry. For three people, our bill came out to be $60, which was okay but we were still hungry afterwards.The clam one is really delicious with the super thinly shaved cheese on top. Yummy! Basil and mozzarella was okay. The meatball one was delicious, too! We came here right when it opened for the day so there was plenty of seating. Once we had our food, the place became packed! Glad we planned to meet here early instead of later for lunch. Overall, good experience. Would come back if I could afford to but regular pizza is okay with me for most days.So, Lady Vader was in the mood for pizza.  This happens about once every great George Lucas idea - or roughly once every 20 years.  So naturally I dashed us out to Serious Pie, as neither of us had eaten here before.I gotta say, my first ever disappointment from a Douglas establishment.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza was very good, bordering on great (at least the one with the fennel sausage, peppers, etc. - the one with the clams and lemon thyme was mediocre).  And the people watching was amusing, since they had one of those Foodie walking tours going by as we were waiting for a couple of chairs.  And since it was actually sunny outside, my helmet was looking particularly shiny, which is always good for attracting new minions.  But 62.50 for a pizza lunch for 2 people?!Tom's prices at all of his restaurants are, shall we say, "optimistic".  I get it.  He's won his awards, he's achieved icon status, he can name his own price.  I generally don't fault him for it, and I'm typically happy to pay the price...or rather, slaughter a bunch of rebels, steal their wallets, and buy a meal with the proceeds.  But this is just pizza.  And not only that, it's not the best pizza in town.Here's the main problem:  These pies aren't big enough for 2 people to split....BUT, they're too large for one person to eat.  And you're paying the same price as you would for a ginormous pie from a more experienced gourmet pizza joint for something nowhere near the size.  And you wait half an hour just to be seated for the privilege of doing this.  And you don't even get your own table (I'm all for communal dining...so long as I have elbow room - which you don't here.  I ended up having to Force Throw some poor schmuck into the Bed Bath & Beyond across the street cause he was invading my personal bubble.  Yes, that WAS a lightsaber in my pocket, because I was most definitely not happy to see you).  And the menu only has two options for carnivores.  When you couple this with the fact that you're paying double for a Mexican Coke than you would anywhere else in the shopping core, and you get whacked for 9 bucks for a very small cannoli dessert which was frankly a bit chalky, it just doesn't compute.62.50.  For a pizza LUNCH.  With no leftovers.  I mean, come on.  That's as absurd as if I started wearing a rainbow coloured costume and sprinkled glitter over my opponents instead of dismembering them.And to top it all off, the damn server forgot to bring me my Tokyo Spice rub I requested.Serious Pie gets some points because the pies are seriously good, and because I just don't have the heart to give a Douglas eatery a 2, but that's it.3 Deathstars.Serious Pie is serious perfection. I've been living in Seattle for three years and just got my first taste last night. Go in the evening after the sun has set and the restaurant is dim with candles and low lighting. Communal dining at high tables in a narrow intimate space sets the mood for a cozy, yet comfortable experience.Wine and beer only here, so we split a pitcher, a starter and a pie. Had the braised octopus with crispy pancetta and sunchokes. Fantastic flavors and I was sorry we shared this plate because I wanted more than my fair share. For our pizza we had sweet fennel sausage wtih roasted peppers. The pizza was perfect. Light, airy, sweet, savory, slightly salty...everything you want in a single slice of pizza.Serious Pie is opening a second location in SLU. I'm an Eastlake gal, so looking forward to when my new favorite pizza spot lands nearby.Tiffany S was nice enough to come downtown and meet me for lunch the other day.  I didn't want to go to one of my usual haunts so I picked Serious Pie.  I know I know why the heck would Mitzie pick a pizza place for lunch when she hates pizza.  See I'm trying to give pizza a chance, kind of like giving Peace a chance.  I'm always hearing people rave about the pizza, how amazingly good it is and that it's not your everyday Round Table or Pizza Hut stuff (which by the way is why I don't care for pizza) it's your Seattle frou-frou pizza, so I thought why not give it a try.  I suggested 11:30 because every popular place around here gets packed with lines out the door shortly after 11:30 and I hate lines and waiting.  I went with the Yukon gold potato with rosemary and olive oil pizza, the crust was thin and crispy the way I prefer my pizza crust but the rest was just ok.  I don't recall tasting much rosemary with my potatoes but sure do remember the olive oil.  I'm sorry Mr. Douglas but your pizzas did not convert me to be a pizza loving fool again. I agree with Tiffany the communal tables didn't work for me.  Unless the person they sit next to me is a hot, single, straight man who like chubby chicks with glasses who yelps I don't want to share a table with him sorry not my cup of tea.  Speaking of tea, their ice tea wasn't bad.Oh and before I forget this pizza the next day is no bueno, it's hard and oily and not pretty, at least that's how my left over Yukon gold potato pizza ended up.When pizza starts to take on an upscale vibe, you know you're starting to tread dangerous waters since it could be sensational or fall flat... like a pizza, get it? Anyway, I've been to a few places that claim to serve artisan pizza when in fact, they're just serving burnt flatbread with fancy toppings. Tom Douglas has figured out how to offer pizza that doesn't veer too far away from the norm and somehow turn it into some amazingly tasty creations. The secret is in the crust. I went to a Napa winery once where the guide described their special reserve Chardonnay with a straight face as "butter-butter-crisp". That exactly describes the crust here... butter-butter-crisp. Needless to say, this place is packed (see photos). It's a relatively small space made up mostly of community tables. Don't expect a lot of privacy, and be aware that there will be plenty of mutual gawking once everybody's pizza order shows up. Jamie and I decided to start with an appetizer to get our palates prepared. We ordered the $8 Asparagus with the 8-Minute Egg and Anchovies (see photo). Fresh with a snap, the nine spears had a crusty anchovy topping undercut by Parmesan shavings. Tasty but we were ready for the main attraction. Jamie ordered the $16 Cherry Bomb Peppers and Sweet Fennel Sausage Pizza (see photo). It was a deliciously carnivorous twist on a standard sausage pizza with bursts of flavor with every bite. I went for the comparatively smoother $16 Roasted Mushrooms and Truffle Cheese, which had barely a hint of truffles but certainly a bed of melted cheese (see photo). It was a gooey pleasure with the large mushrooms providing the right textural contrast. The applewood-burning ovens really make the difference here. We were initially hesitant to order our own oblong, eight-piece pizzas, but they were gone in short order. No doggie bags for us. I don't think Tom allows Diet Coke on the premises, so Jamie tried the $3 Mexican Coca-Cola - puckery sweet before lapsing into a diabetic coma. I went for the safer $3 Barnes & Watson Iced Tea, which thankfully came with free refills. The one drawback was the snooty hostess who promptly forgot who we were and was about to seat someone else who claimed to have my name. Shame on her indifference. The waitress, however, was sensational, very friendly and attentive every step of the way.FOOD - 5 stars...butter-butter-crisp flatbread with style and maximum flavor...pizza by any other nameAMBIANCE - 4 stars...heavy on the walnut wood and framed by modern wrought-iron faux-candle chandeliers, very homey actuallySERVICE - 4 stars...cheers for the waitress and small-mouth to the hostessTOTAL - 5 stars...it really comes down to that pizza with the butter-butter-crisp crustI feel like Serious Pie is one of those Seattle standards against which all other pizza is supposed to be judged and found lacking. But honestly, it's not the other pizza I find lacking after a visit here....Let me say this is not memorably bad pizza, and were it a bit less expensive they might get another star simply for creativity if nothing else. Clearly part of the price comes in the form of good-quality toppings like tasty tiny mushrooms or juicy multi-colored cherry tomatoes, and I don't mind paying $16 or $17 (or more) for a tasty pizza.But...it just wasn't. I like flatbread style pizzas, thin crispy wood-fired pizzas, Neapolitan-style pizzas with hints of toppings and wisps of sauce. Somehow Serious Pie managed to combine all of these features but do it poorly, so that a pizza came out with little flavor and texture other than the crust itself. Even the basil pesto, beautifully pooled atop the orange and red tomatoes, failed to show up on my tongue. All I could taste, for all my focusing, was a crisped crust.We got ours to go (20-minute wait as opposed to a 45-minute wait to be seated), so I can't comment much on the ambiance other than to say it's crowded, noisy, and so probably a good place to go if you don't want to talk to whomever you're with or if you like touching strangers. So if you want Tom Douglas, there are plenty of other options nearby. And if you want good pizza that's expensive but creative and tasty, Seattle does have options in all sorts of crust, sauce, and ambiance varieties. I simply can't think of a reason to visit Serious Pie other than to say you've done it, and to then be done with it.Great pizza and lots of vegetarien options! It's a bit cold there in the winter but get a pizza to go or wear a warm coat. I love the happy chickens and the fact that it's made with an old shipping container. Sustainable pizza!Before you got to Serious Pie it's important to know your pizza style. If you're a Chicago pie type, turn around. Same if you prefer any Pizza Hut, Papa John's, or even Pagliacci. If, instead, you merely love the concept of pizza and aren't married to any one implementation then you should try Serious Pie for sure. Showing up at 7:30 on a Friday night with a friend and snagging a table within 10 minutes was an excellent start to the night. While the tables are communal you won't have to be chatting with your neighbors. The space is loud and you can be confident that whatever you're discussing probably won't be overheard. If you can't handle other people at your table, well, that's between your therapist and you.I ordered up the special of the night, a olive oil, olive, ricotta, feta, and spicy capacola pie ($14), and a half carafe of the house red ($10) to split. It probably took about 20 minutes for the food to arrive and was piping hot as it arrived. One pie is a large dinner for one person, but much too little for two. I was able to finish mine without pushing any limits so treat yourself and get a pie to yourself. Obviously the star of the show is the crisp 'n chewy wood fired crust and top-notch ingredients. Toppings are high-quality and pack a punch so they are used sparingly and effectively. No pound of cheese per slice here, a confusing concept in the Extra-Cheese American culture.So the food was wonderful, as was the ambiance. The space is small for the number of people and elegantly furnished. Dark wood and dim lights, oddly attractive artwork, and a flickering glow from the wood oven and candles combine to create a very warm and comforting atmosphere that is a very real asset to the whole experience, a sedate dinner to indulge all five senses.There's room in this world for both Serious Pie and your everyday Hot Mama's pizza. They play very different rolls and are only the same food in the same way as strip steak and hamburger. Neither is superior; each is entirely more enjoyable in their own context. I'd never kick back with a movie, some beers, and a Serious Pie, but sometimes you want your pizza to be as swank as the rest of your night.Yummy, yummy in my tummy!! I met Ron M. here last week for lunch. As a pizza lover I was excited to try another new locale in Seattle. The staff here was friendly and prompt to bring us some water on a hot Seattle day.  After a quick glance at the menu it was decided we'd order two pizzas and share. The best way to eat a lunch!Our first pie was the Cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage. The peppers were yummy but there weren't too many so that the flavor didn't get over powering. Perfect amount. The sausage bits were amazing and I wanted to eat all of them off the pizza, but alas I left some for Ron.Our second pie was the buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomato. It was sweet and delicious. Simple, but done so well. I look forward to stopping back by and trying out some more of the delicious menu items!Serious Pie = seriously delicious!!My friends and I went for dinner but the wait was over an hour and a half long for a table, so we decided to just get 2 pizzas to-go which were ready in about 30 minutes. Not bad at all!We got the chanterelle mushrooms + truffle cheese pizza, and the garlic sausage + prosser eggplant + rustico pizza. Both of them were sooo good! I loved the thin crust and the unique toppings! When we asked for some parmesan, they freshly grated parmesan for us right there on the spot and put it in a little container for us to take it home. Amazing! The pizzas are a little on the smaller side though. The 4 of us ate all of it in one sitting. So you may wanna order a little more if you're in a bigger group or super hungry! The pizzas are a bit pricey too, about $16-17 each but it's soooo yummy so I think it's worth it! Tom Douglas has done a fantastic job!Next time I visit Seattle, I definitely want to sit and eat inside instead of taking it to go. It looks really cozy and romantic. :)Question: Is the pizza laced with crack?Question: Is that why the pizza is so expensive?I really enjoyed my lunch trip to serious pie with my girl friends.  We split a salad, which was very delicious.  It had roasted beets, shaved fennel, goat gouda, and toasted pistachios.  We shared the yukon gold potato pizza and the fennel sausage pizza.  The yukon gold pizza was tasty with the fresh herbs  but it needed some gooey cheese.  I really loved the sausage pizza because of the red and yellow peppers.  This pizza wins for delicious, salty, crispy crust.  That's what makes it so special.I was also really impressed by the service that I got there.  I was in a bit of a hurry and given how busy they were and the fact they had to fire up two whole pizzas, I was sure I'd be late for my meeting.  We had a wonderful meal and were out of there in 35 minutes, with a salad course, and pizzas.  It didn't even feel rushed!  It was a great meal!It misses that 5th star because of the price.Serious Pie took me out of my comfort zone, slapped my lillywhite ass and sent me packing with a huge smile on my face. To wit: A salad with black kale, parmigiano reggiano, calabria peppers? Sure, why the hell not? Guanciale, soft egg, dandelion greens pizza. True, I've had guanciale (aka pig face*) on a pizza before but never with egg. And dandelion greens? Ah hell, just bring it on out. What's this? A full carafe of wine for $15? Let me tell you, this was no Two Buck Chuck. The house Chianti paired perfectly with the pizza and the carafe was so big we ended up leaving a third of it with the group sitting with us at the communal** table. Oh yeah, how did it all taste? Well I'm a bit of pizza snob and this was some of the best pie that I've had in some time. And clearly I'm not alone in thinking this - Serious Pie has a serious wait. Go early if you want to avoid a hellish wait or if you do pop in during peak hours, put your name down and then grab a drink at a nearby bar (the restaurant's waiting area is tiny and fills up in no time) You definitely do not have to be a pizza aficionado to enjoy the fantastic, affordable*** food coming out of Tom Douglas' kitchen. *tm Phil H. **yes, communal table. Be nice to your dining companions and you too might get free wine at the end of the night! ***$60 including tax and tip for a bowl of soup, a salad, a pizza and a carafe of wine. Score!Dear Tom D,You my friend are a genius! And I been to Serious Pie more than once but I owe you big thanks for your new beer paring. M'lady and I split this wonderful food/beer paring and absolutely loved it! Believe me one pairing is enough to feed too hungry peeps. So if you dig TD's restaurants and love a great deal then Serious Pie is seriously waiting for you!!!!!Prix Fixe 4 Course Paring $30/person + tax and gratuity1st Course- Fried Bra Tenero served with Elysian ESB( The relish they're served with this dish was spicy and much appreciated. As for the Elysian ESB it was actually pretty damn good too) 2nd Course- Guanciale and Soft Egg pizza served with Maritime Portage Bay Pilsener (Seriously this was by far the best pizza ever, as know I am a egg slut and this pizza put me in permanent egg heaven! As for the beer paring for this option it was simple and light.)3rd Course- Wild Boar Sausage pizza and Carmelized Onions served with Pike Kilt Lifter( This pizza was actually pretty sweet but with the added chill flakes it too was a good choice. With ABV of 6.60% ABV you know Pike Kilt Lifter is a big baller. That stuff has a very good kick to it and was also appreciated!)4th Course- Strawberry and Ricotta hand pie served with New Belgium La Folie( I like dessert and I really really like good desserts. And ladies and gentlemen this little sweet dessert is right up there with the best of them. It's served with three small dips and I preferred the vanilla bean one the most. The New Belgium La Folie is a very sour beer and is also pretty strong with a ABV of 6.0% . But even with the sourness of this beer it was still a good pairing and compliment that dessert .)PS-Happy hour runs Monday-Friday 3-5PM with half-sized pies for $5 and glasses of select wine for only $5.Pies offered during HH:* yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil * cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage * roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese * guanciale, soft egg, arugula * morels, greengarlic pesto, sole di sardegna * penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thymeWhilst on the big food binge in Seattle to see Phoenix (which was beyond awesome BTW), we couldn't resist Serious Pie.  Initially, I wasn't very excited about it,  as pizza isn't a favorite food of mine, but as the day went by and the hungrier I got, the more excited I became for Serious Pie! We called on the way and tried to put our name on the list and they said we couldn't do that. Unacceptable.  Most places I've experienced in SF allow you to do that. So we walked in, put our name on the list, checked out the teeny tiny waiting area, and decided to head to a bar down the street, as they gave us an estimated time of readiness and promised to call when our table was ready.  About an hour later, we were seated at a lovely communal table (hi-top with comfy stools) next to 4 hot ladies where we were served our $15 carafe (it was definitely more like an ENTIRE bottle) of the house chianti, which was super tasty.Both of us were skeptical of all the kale listed on the menu, but tried it anyway.  I decided on the italian bread soup with cannellini beans and kale.   Phil started with the kale salad, which came served with parmagiano reggiano and calabria peppers and man was that delicious! Better than the soup.  After the satisfying appetizers, we were ready for our Guanciale pizza, that came served with soft egg (YUMMMM, that creaminess was sooo good) and dandelion greens.   I honestly didn't even think about embarrassing Phil by asking for a side of ranch or something for dipping :)Super affordable and some of the best thin crust style pizza I've had, but the service was just meh.  We had to ask for our check and a couple of other things; he definitely seemed to forget about us as the night went on.I can't say much more than what has already been said..Everything was excellent. The kale salad was heaven, the Cherry bomb pizza was heaven. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating was because our waitress acted like she'd rather have been out getting a wax, than waiting on me and my Sister in law. But the excellent food made up for the flighty waitress. :)Such a great place! The pizza is exemplary, the appetizers are delicious, and the wine-list is fantastic!First order of business: Aim to get there 30-60 minutes before you wish to eat. The nice thing is that you can leave them your cell phone number and go grab a drink elsewhere (or just wander around) while you wait. They have a small waiting area and you can order drinks while you're there, but I would NOT recommend sitting there the whole time.First impression: I was surprised (in a good way) when I learned that it was actually a table of six and there were three parties of two sitting at it. Even though we didn't talk with the people next to us, I rather liked that we weren't all on our own little table islands.Then came the service. The impression I got was "I am a professional" instead of the oh-so-usual "This is a job." I'm not sure what part of his demeanor said that to me, but I liked it!As for the actual meal...We started with the truffle fonduta and toasted apple sandwiches. Oh my GOD. I wasn't particularly excited about apple sandwiches when we ordered, but that bread was so light and soft and delicious and that truffle fonduta was so CREAMY and good! We had some of the dip left after the sandwiches were all gone, and the waiter suggested we keep it for the next dish. We ended up dipping our pizza crusts in it. YUM!Pizza-wise we decided on the one with yukon gold potato, rosemary, and olive oil. The rosemary was a bit too strong at times, but for the most part it was quite good.We finished with the "chocolate budino, fig mezzaluna." It was delicious and I was a little sad when it was all gone.Final thoughts? Definitely on the pricey side, but I was *very* happy with my meal and it was even better than I expected it to be.Notes:+ They only had 2 beers on tap. An IPA and a lager. I can't recall their names, but I guessed that they are probably local (or at least small) breweries.+ They don't seat incomplete parties, but they did let me get my name on the list an hour before my friend arrived... and while I believe a couple people skipped ahead of us at the end, we were able to get a seat as soon as she arrived.Absolutely worth the wait!!!1. tuscan kale starter - HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Kale is pretty bitter on its own, but somehow the super light dressing on this made it so freaking delicious. I love food that still tastes like the original. So instead of tasting like the dressing, the dressing brought out the flavor in the kale while neutralizing the bitter. Freaking AWESOME. 2. carnation sunchokes starter - You had me at sunchoke. It's so rare to find this in a store much less on a menu. Delicious. The texture of the sunchoke with the sweet onion was perfect.3.  buffalo mozzarella pizza - Delicious. Your basic pizza with tomato, basil, and mozzarella. I'd never had buffalo mozzarella, but it's now my favorite type. The flavors tasted very, for lack of better word, pure. This is how pizza should always taste.4. sweet fennel sausage pizza - It was definitely sweet, and the fennel was all over the damned thing. It was immensely tasty, but it's not one that I would order. My friend is a creature of habit and after taking the first two bites, he stated it was the best pizza he'd ever had and he'd never order anything else. After that, he promptly inhaled the entire pizza.5. penn cove clam pizza - Awesome. Clams on a pizza? I had to try this for myself. It worked, it absolutely worked. It was a little too cheesed and salty for my taste, but the corners of the pizza where all you could taste was the clam and the pancetta and crust... omfg delicious. I ate to the edges and I started just nibbling and savoring. Everything was DELICIOUS. Even the desserts. The cannoli and the sea salt chocolate pudding were amazing.We came in a group of 8 on a Saturday night and had to wait 2 hours. No problem. We parked it over at the Buenos Aires Grille and downed some drinks while we waited for the phone call. Service was top-notch and the server was a good sport. We downed 4 bottles of wine and he was joking right along with us. :)It's just as well that this place has such a long wait. If it were a bigger joint with more seating space, I might be tempted to go ALL THE TIME.My new favorite pizza in Seattle. Been twice now in a few weeks. Would go every day if I wasn't afraid of packing on some Serious Tonnage. The chanterelle mushroom and truffle pizza is the most unusual, and my wife's favorite. It's a pizza bianco. We also had a margarita pizza but added sausage, which is my favorite (I prefer red sauced pizza). They also have a nice beer selection.Both times I've been it has been lively, but not crazy or loud and we've never had to wait long. The seating is great. 6-8 to a table and they just put you wherever, so chances are you'll be eating next to someone, which is fun and an opportunity to meet someone new.We'll keep on coming back! Can't wait for our next visit.We had a late night flight into Seattle and after doing a little research, saw that Serious Pie was open till 11 p.m. and just around the corner from where we were staying at the Westin. We dropped off our bags and strolled through the light rain to check out Tom Douglas' pizza.After a quick 5 minute wait, we sat down and ordered the grilled sardine for a starter and two pizzas to share, the Buffalo Mozzarella with San Marzano Tomatoes and the Penn Cove Clam Pizza with House Pancetta and Lemon Thyme.The grilled sardine was strong flavored but clean tasting and very meaty. Grilled the way it was, it was very reminiscent of pike mackerel in both appearance and flavor but we both enjoyed it very much, especially with the small salad it came with. I also ordered one of the house made Italian sodas and although for the life of me I cannot remember what flavor it was, I do remember that I thoroughly enjoyed it. Our pizzas came out next, piping hot and ready to be devoured. Both of them were quite good, the Marghertia pizza's San Marazano tomatoes had a great sweetness to it while the Penn Cove clams gave great briny flavor of the ocean accentuated by the smoky pancetta and delicate lemon thyme. The pizza was definitely commendable although nowhere near dethroning our favorite and top of the list pizza from Pizzeria Delfina in SF.We topped off the meal with the Chocolate Budino with Olive Oil and Sea Salt which was absolutely delicious. The Budino was smooth and creamy and the fruity oil and flaky salt crystals complemented the not too sweet dessert perfectly.We've only had pizza in Seattle at Serious Pie so there really isn't any point of comparison but we are definitely curious to see how it measures up to Delancey (which unfortunately we were unable to squeeze in on this visit) so next time we'll have to make sure to try both and see which pie deserves the title of 'Best Pizza in Seattle.'As ever, I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars, but I'd like to come back and give it another try so I'll go with 4...for now!  We came here for lunch on a very, very rainy Saturday.  12:15 seemed to be the golden hour (quarter hour?) as we were seated immediately and at 12:30 got to watch the lunch rush line grow.  The atmosphere of the place is very warm and cozy and comfortable and from our table we could see into the kitchen and watch the staff making pies.  They don't have diet soda of any kind.  I don' t drink soda so I don't care, but my boyfriend was a little saddened as he wasn't in the mood for beer.  The woman sitting next to us tried to order diet soda as well and was also disappointed so I could see this being a potential problem for them in the future.  I was pretty excited to order the truffle pizza (grilled mushrooms, truffle oil and truffle cheese) and hesitated briefly when they told me the special (roasted garlic, arugula and roasted mushrooms) but decided to go with my first decision.  I enjoyed it a lot but got a little bored of it halfway through and kind of wished I had ordered something with leafy greens on it as the pizzas on the table next to mine looked so good!  The truffle pizza could definitely do with a little mixing up, in my opinion.  I was excited by the drinks menu: $5 glasses of house wine and while there are only 2 beers on draft, they're the Snoqualmie IPA and the Maritime lager - excellent choices if you ask me! So for now, 4 stars.  I'll go back and try a leafy pizza and reevaluate.  It's tough to be a yelper sometimes...Serious Pie? More like Seriously LAME Pie... Obviously, I am not a Tom Douglas groupie, nor will I ever be.Came in a few months ago after a show at the Triple Door and was actually pretty excited after hearing so many people rave about it.First thing, comunal tables- I actually like the idea, however most people you end up sitting with (in Seattle) have no interest with talking to "strangers". Then there are the limited toppings, small sized pizzas and for what over-hyped flat breads. We are still talking about pizza right? I told Tom Douglas what I thought about Seriously "Lame" Pie a few days later at the Voracious Food Fest; only after our photo was being taken.As someone just visiting Seattle, the name Tom Douglas didn't mean squat to me. And in a sense, no celebrity chef's fame should influence your eating habits, or at least tastebuds.We stopped in for lunch and the place was relatively busy on a Thursday, a good enough sign. We started with a simple salad, a fresh start. For the three of us, we were happy splitting two pies: the Green Eggs and Ham was great but only our second favorite to the Foraged Mushroom and Truffle Cheese. Both were delicious though, with a golden and flaky crust, and I'd be happy going back on my next visit to town. I am totally "serious" about that last statement.Oh Pizza. How do I love thee.Let me count the ways.The residents of Belltown are lucky to have so many quality food options in their 'hood. Serious Pie is just one tiny example of kick butt-ass growing eateries located in this eclectic neighborhood.We stopped in just after 7 and put our name down for a party of four. The hostess told us it would be at least an hour wait and suggested we leave our cell number and grab a seat at one of the many bars in the area. I had heard (and read) so much about Serious Pie that there would be no way that we would deny ourselves the chance of sampling some of the best pizza that Seattle has to offer. So we headed off to Dahila Lounge for a glass of wine and proceeded to wait anxiously for our pizza protest strike. As promised we got a call back from the people at SP and we headed up the street. We were seated at a nice table in the center of the restaurant. Our server came over and took drink drink orders and let the pizza celebration begin!The menu is daunting, so we decided to buy some time and split a couple of appetizers to share. Beets and and a cured meat plate with an aged parmesan were the perfect call. The beets were amazing and the cured meats were sensual. Seriously, cured meats are hot. The four of us finally decided on three pizzas. The pizzas are thin crust Italian style, so they only bake for around 10 minutes. But our server brought each out individually which made it nice to eat in courses. Our favorite pizza of the evening is no longer on the regular menu (goat cheese with caramelized onions) but I wonder if I went back if they could make it because that pizza was screaming delicious! We also got the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil (margherita) and the sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone. All three were amazing with the crust cooked to near perfection.Even though we were all stuffed, we did order up dessert as well. A chocolate with sea salt and a cheese course. It was the perfect way to finish our pizza protest.This place can get busy, so I would recommend coming early or late. Another option is to order take out, but if you do this you will miss out being entertained by some of friendliest and nice servers in SeattleI was surprised how much I liked Serious Pie. Like really liked it. The restaurant is more casual than I expected. We walked right in and were seated right away at one of their high top tables. Service was friendly and prompt. Four of us ordered the Crimini mushroom with truffle cheese pizza and the Yukon gold with rosemary pizza to share. I liked them both but the Yukon gold stole the show for me. Everyone else liked the mushroom pizza the best. The two pizzas were plenty for four people to share as a light dinner. You might want more than half a pizza if you're really hungry but it was perfect for our pre-show dinner. The menu is limited as others have mentioned but I think this gives them the opportunity to make the handful of pies they do offer very special. Pizzas were $15 (Yukon) and $17 (Crimini) which is reasonable for the quality. I loved the crisp, thin crust and the light, flavorful toppings. I might prefer a bit more sauce but I think Tom knows what he's doing when he makes a pizza. Yum. I can't wait to go back!Late night pie run! Came to Serious Pie at 9pm on a Wednesday night and it was packed, so we almost walked away when we heard the party of six ahead of us get quoted a 45-minute wait. Since they walked away dejected, we decided to ask, and the wait for two was only 15 minutes.(Actual wait time, five minutes). Serious score!I love the casual atmosphere here and the wait staff is incredibly helpful, perfectly hands off, but never disappearing for long. We decided on two pizzas:-Pumpkin, pork belly, pistachio- pistachio immediately evident, the pumpkin perfect, pork belly kind of didn't add much, but the brushed salted crust finished the slices off perfectly. Incredible.-Garlic, gorgonzola, and squash- really quite good, whole cloves of roasted garlic were the star, the gorgonzola was a little overpowering, but still an interesting combo. Small but affordable beer and wine list here, the Fish Tail Organic IPA paired well to offset the rich 'za and we left seriously sated.People love this place, almost everyone I know raves about it. Maybe it's because I am partial to East Coast pizza, or have unreasonable expectations (I'm partial to Tom Douglas) but I am not a fan of this place.I've eaten here 3 times - each time I got something different. The beer list is solid, and the community seating doesn't bother me. The thing that holds this place back is their pizzas. First, they are very tiny, think personal serving size. Second, I find them too artistic - they experiment with ingredients at the expense of making a delicious pizza. For example, I ordered an egg pizza that sounded good, but manifested itself as soggy dough covered in partially cooked egg. Lastly, this place is expensive.I suppose I'm just different, and I'm glad other people like this place. But if I get a choice I will be going elsewhere.So this may sound a little snobbish, but oh well here goes.  So whenever I'm evaluating a place's food I typically order the simplest dish possible because there's no place to hide if the attention to detail or ingredient quality isn't there.  In the case of Serious Pie I order the basil mozzarella pizza (if you're curious equivalent dishes would be a carbonara or tempura) and I must say I was impressed.  Granted portions of the crust were a little burnt, but that tends to happen with a wood fire oven.  But, other than that the pizza was done very well and had this been a tad bit cheaper I'd have given this place 5 stars.As a side note, I must say its amazing how when you double the price of the pizza, say the place is run by a famous local chef, and locate yourself in walking distance of the theater district you can get people to show up dressed in seattle-formal (ie not jeans) to eat pizza.SERIOUS-ly DELICIOUS!While writing this review, I'm about 840 miles away from Serious Pie and I'm enjoying the last two slices of my sweet fennel sausage pizza right now! It SERIOUSly cannot get any better than this! :DI've been to Serious Pie twice in the last 6 months with my traveling companion! Every time we're in Seattle, we make it a point to stop in for lunch! We've always been lucky and never had to wait for a table, especially today for lunch at noon! Great food, quick service, and helpful staff! We've ordered...P I Z Z A- yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino  ($15) :)- sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone  ($17) :)- brussels sprouts, smoked pancetta, caramelized onions ($17) :(S A L A D- tuscan kale, pine nuts, calabria peppers, parmesan ($8) :) a bit spicy- house special salad: turnip greens, corona beans, shaved turnips, cherry tomatoes, roasted leeks, rose vinaigrette, quatro partoni cheese ($10) :DI LOVE their pizza crust!!! It's so light and airy! It must be the oven they use! The yukon potato and sweet fennel sausage pizzas are my personal fav! We had the brussels sprouts which I wasn't too crazy about... it wasn't as saucy and flavorful as the sweet fennel sausage pizza. I've always loved their salads, too! Always ask what their specials are! A surprise awaits!Come to SERIOUS PIE for some SERIOUS BUSINESS!!! :)Serious Pies for serious pizza junkies. Of course my redheaded pizza gal had the town's best pizza mapped out for us long before we arrived to town. That night's journey took us to Serious Pie. Though we were early, it was still crowded. We were quoted an hour wait due to the party of twenty that arrived before us. It's communal seating (not a fan) and the host came through for us in a quick minute and got a spot for us at one of the tables. The Brady Bunch and Gosselins saw that they would not be so lucky and bailed, no soup, er pizza, for you. Our server was quickly with us and let us know about the daily special and took our order for a few pints of the Schooner. The menu had is small but still left us with enough to mull over. We were hungry and we opened with a good salad and a couple of pies. pole bean chop salad, oil cured tomatoes, sheep's cheese buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, our own farm's basil penn cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thyme The salad was light and fresh. I really liked the cheese on that. Our pies came out pretty quickly. You can watch the chefs make the pies and work the oven, which I always dig. They've got a lot of interesting combos with a few high quality ingredients. The pies are oblong and served on little cutting boards. I would still be hungry if we split one of these. The clam pie has always tempted me and I had to try it. It was a combo that worked and I loved the pancetta on it. My wife liked her pizza with the buffalo mozz. We made short work of both of them. They were some damn good pizzas.It was a Friday night and I had wanted to go home and finally cook for myself, but my course was diverted to Serious Pie by some friends. And while I'm glad it was, because Serious Pie IS pretty good, I don't think it was as mind-blowing as people make it out to be. Then, with me being a value snob, I felt like ~$15 for a pizza I could easily finish myself was a bit on the high end (granted, the ingredients were of much higher quality than your Costcos and Pizza Huts).The six of us ordered every pizza on the menu except for the buffalo mozzarella, yukon gold potato, and roasted chanterelles (because we ordered the special, which also had truffle cheese). My favorite was the soft egg, followed by the house salumi. The others were good, but not particularly notable, while the clam one felt kind of boring.All in all, good. But given the price and the wait (two hours for pizza?! I know they're popular, but come on), I'm not sure I'll be coming back very often.Highly Mediocre and Serious Hype.  I had heard so many people go head over heels for this place.  Honestly, besides my innate ability to hate the hype, I thought the pizza was mediocre at best.  I tried the clam and the Salumi pizza.  The ingredients were great.  Quality, top of line ingredients.  Good ambiance.  But, something was off on these pizzas.  Crust was weird.  The base and foundation of pizza was no good.  Flaky and way too buttery.  It almost tasted like foccasia bread that pizza bread.  I categorize Serious Pie pizza as a flat bread and not pizza.  Another essential was off, the sauce.  Yes, there was major lack in flavor and amount of sauce. Example: You know when you go to Starbucks and get pastries there?  They look all beautiful and delicious in the case but when actually get them they are so so.  It's missing that touch a good bakery has.   That is what Serious Pie is like.   It was missing the soul of a good pizza.  I have so many other pizza places I would go before here.  It's definitely not bad but it's definitely not as stellar as people have been reviewing this place.  I am glad I tried it though.  This is another Tom Douglas Stigma.  It looks good and beautiful on the outside but the depth is not quite there.Happy hour Sunday is an amazing deal.Great food! Great service.Went in expecting some "serious poi". Alright, we knew it was related to Dahlia Bakery and that they would be making gourmet pizza.The first thing that struck me was the price. Very reasonable for a "pice de rsistance" from $11 to $15 dollars a pizza.The artwork inside is really cool.The pies are Pretty Darn Good. We had the Yukon gold which was awesome, except it is a little dry after the first slice. Next up was the foraged mushroom which was hella gamey. If your a PNW veggie who wants to feel like a big game hunter for the night, order that guy.Our server was really interesting and nice too. For a hi-end west coast pizza joint, Serious Pie is no joke.Perhaps I prefer a more light-hearted pizza, served without an hour wait, or perhaps the prospect of paying $15 for what is essentially a giant baked roll with some oily parts is less than appealing.  I'm not sure why this place attracts such rabid fans, but I've had far better pizzas without elbowing the complete stranger seated to the right of me.  It was the sort of unexciting experience that is mysteriously priced for ecstasy.  I'll stick with Tutta Bella, where the salads are larger than six leaves, and the wait is about as long as it takes the menu to land on the table. If you ask me, Serious Pie is a street hooker with Vegas call girl aspirations.Serious pie is PIZZA!! Yummy pizza!!! This is a Tom Douglas restaurant [don't know what that means], but we hit all 3 on that corner, and he did not disappoint one bit. We got there just in time for happy hour! It was great because the mini menu was out and the beers were cheap. The mini pizzas are $5 each so we got ALL of them!My favorites were the mushroom & truffle cheese, the soft eggs and arugula, and the mozzarella. I didn't like gold potato so much. It just tasted weirdly sweet. We got ALL of the mini pizzas!!!!The beers are $3.  We all got Manny's pale ale and we all loved it. The other was the maritime old seattle lager. We all didn't like that one so much because it was too light and really didn't taste that great.      *  buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato    * yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino    * cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage    * roasted yellowfoot mushrooms, truffle cheese    * penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme    * guanciale, soft egg, beacon hill arugula    * house salumi, caramelized onions, sardegnaOH, and Dahlia Lounge was right next door. You can order a Coconut Creme Pie by the slice, and they bring it to you at Serious Pie!! Amazing service!!!That was a serious long wait for a pizza.That was a seriously expensive pizza.With tax and tip, the bill came to over $60 for a coke, 2 pizzas, and a mediocre cannoli.  Seriously.  It just seemed like a lot of money to spend on pizza when we didn't even take any home for leftovers.To be fair, it was a seriously delicious pizza.  I ordered the clam/lemon thyme pizza.  It was pretty good, but I thought it could use some marinara sauce.  I asked for some on the side, and my idea was confirmed.  The fennel sausage and pepper pizza was pretty good too.Our waitress seemed to not be able to multitask, but she was friendly and did tend to our needs in due time.This place is AWESOME. I went to the South Lake Union location for happy hour last month, and the food, beer & service were all fantastic! First of all they have a great happy hour - pizzas are half off, and the hours are long.Second of all, their pizzas are so delicious. I had the truffle & mushroom pizza. It was so good. I have to say though, any place that has truffle on their menu get's a good grade in my book!We had our company Christmas party here last year (2012). This was an awesome experience. Our group got to learn how to make a Serious Pie pizza. Such a fun team building experience. Lots of laugh and great wine. It was so good!The pizza.  It's serious.And it's better than Pizzeria Mozza in Melrose (LA).  My sincerest apologies to Nancy Silverton, Joseph Bastianich and Mario Batali.There.  I've said it.  The weight has finally been lifted.I had the buffalo mozzarella, tomato sauce with fresh basil pizza and the brasilena coffee soda. Both were delicious!Thank you, Seattle Yelp, for telling us about Serious Pie. Seriously, I should send each and every one of you a fruit basket. I love you all.We got here just in time and had to wait a mere 10 minutes before being seated. Seating is done community-style, so you will get to meet some new people as you dine. Our table companions were sweet, friendly Canadians (is there any other kind of Canadian?) so all was well.After choosing beers, we split the yellowfoot chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza. Oh.My.GOD.Perfection. The crust was crispy, chewy, and salty - all in perfect measure. The mushrooms were plentiful and delicious. The truffle cheese was... well, can truffle ANYTHING ever be bad? No. Love.We finished quickly (we barely paused to speak while eating) and examined the dessert menu. As a fan of all unions of sweet and savory, we chose the chocolate budino with sea salt. While nothing could compare with the wonder that was our pizza, the dessert was the perfect end to the evening.Kevin N. got it spot on.  I really feel like this place is one ingredient away from 4 or 5 stars, and that is the corn meal that contaminates the bottom of the pizza crust.They need to either go whole-hog on the corn meal, like Chicago's Gino's East pizzeria, or -- more fittingly -- get rid of the corn meal altogether and rely on the basic flour crust, flavored by the delicious char from their wood-burning oven.Their toppings are high quality, but a pizza lives or dies on its crust.  And corn is killing the crust at Serious Pie . . . seriously.  They should save the corn for the salad.Oh, delicious pizza! We came here on a night when there was, miraculously, no wait. We each ordered a glass of wine, and shared a beans & sardines appetizer, and a pizza with penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme. Everything was so so so perfect. This is my favorite pizza that I've found in Seattle so far - I love thin crust Neapolitan style pizza with fresh, high quality ingredients, so this is perfect. I've never gone for the greasy cheese-coated pizzas, and these are not that kind of pizza. I like the decor here better than the other TD restaurants, too.I'm looking forward most especially to trying the pizza with yukon gold potato, rosemary, and pecorino (we would've ordered this one but figured we've had potatoes on pizza before so we'd try something new.)  And the guanciale, soft egg, arugula pizza too.  The only things that mar the experience of Serious Pie in my mind are the long wait times/crowdedness that can happen. The second time I attempted to get dinner here, the wait was so long that we decided to leave. This turned out just fine for us because we went across the street to Lola and had an excellent meal at a different Tom Douglas restaurant. But still. No matter how amazing it is, it's doubtful I'll wait in line an hour for pizza. Hopefully I'll have another fortuitous wait-free moment some other time I try to stop by.I'm sorry to say that I was terribly disappointed by the pizza at Serious Pie. My friends and I came after reading the great review in Seattle Met, but after trying 4 different pies we don't ever want to go back. I would call them flatbreads -- though the yukon gold was very interesting, it wasn't pizza. And the buffalo mozzerella pie was ho hum. The only good thing was the crust. The salumi pie reminded us of frozen personal-size pizza from Costco (i.e. horrible).  On the other hand, the black kale appetizer was delicious.No disrespect meant to the people who like Serious Pie, nor to the very nice people who work there.Two words come to mind, gourmet & comfort. For some reason, culinarily speaking it doesn't sound like they go together. Believe me, they do. My wife & I were lucky enough to be there during happy hour and got 2 personal sized pies. We got the truffle and mushroom pizza & the Yukon potato pizza. They were phenomenal. My only complaint was that we didn't get full sized ones. This is a great place and I highly reccomend it. I look forward to trying many other pies from this joint! You rock Tom D.Great pizza, but $16 for a personal pan is too much.As with all the other reviews, the pizza is delish but more of a snacking joint that a full on meal type of place. All the seating is communal, but not to the point of being too uncomfortable.We ordered the potato and also the clam pizza. The clam pizza was very good, but the potato pizza was a bit dry for my liking. Yes, I will probably return to try a couple others but at this price it will have to be on a special occasion.For 2 pizzas and a salad (which is enough for 2 ppl): over $50 with tip.You can shear a sheep a thousand times, but skin him only once...I am new to Seattle, and maybe I am out of line, but if I order 3 pizzas at 2:50, and ASK if there are any specials, I would like my server to at least point out that in 10 minutes, the price falls to $5 for a pie. I was up-charged over $30 for lunch. Felt like a tourist trap kind of shyster-ism.Piss poor customer service, from a waiter who had his heart quite literally tattooed on his sleeve.I eat out essentially every night. Never again at serious pie...the quality of the food is irrelevant.SO SO SOOOOOO GOOD!If you have a chance, check this place out during happy hour. They have a beer on tap JUST for their restaurant, and the five dollar pizza's are as gourmet as you are going to find on the West Coast. I love pizza, and I love serious Pie!After a fail attempt of dining there Saturday night (2 hour wait), we ordered pizzas to-go Sunday night. 7 people, 8 pizzas, 1 hotel room. By the time the pizzas were brought back to the room, they have fallen slightly cold. But because of the 45 min wait, we were famished and devoured the pizzas in less than 15 minutes.The pizzas have thin flatbread crusts, baked in a fire stone oven. We had ordered one of each pizza listed on their menu. I prefer the traditional flavored ones. So my favorites were the fennel sausage with cherry peppers and the tomato with buffalo mozzarella. Some pizzas were a tad bit adventurous. To say the least, the soft egg pizza was appealing in appearance but not in taste.Overall, didn't enjoy the pizzas much. All the raving drove my expectations high. Plus the pizzas weren't piping hot, so it felt like eating cold leftovers. For $14-$16 each, the pizza is enough for 1 person, possibly 2 ppl. Thank goodness for our 10% discount tour card.SERIOUSLY AMAZING PIE!!!!!!!Definitely believe the hype. I've had amazing pizza in my lifetime (italy tops it all), so I think I can safely say that this is one of the best pizzas i've had. We had the infamous Chanterelle mushroom & truffle cheese pizza and boy was it DELICIOUS!!!!!  Every savory bite was filled with buttery, rich, flaky goodness. I could have had the whole pizza to myself, it was just that good. The crust was just right, not too doughy and thick. It was thin & crispy, and packed with flavor. This goes to show you that you don't need a crap load of toppings on a pizza to make it amazing. The highlight of my seattle trip for sure.I couldn't wait to try Tom Douglas' Serious Pie!  I had read about it on blogs and heard about it from Tyler Florence, so I made sure this would be our must-try place during our recent trip to Seattle.Our party of six came at noon on a Saturday and was told it would be a 30 minute wait.  Our wait was more like a 45-minute wait, but anything less than an hour was okay by me.  The place is teensy tiny, so you're guaranteed to sit elbow to elbow with the person next to you.We ordered 4 different pies to split between the 6 of us and a couple of beers, and that was the perfect amount of food to satisfy our hungry tummies.  Sweet fennel sausage and roasted red peppers ($17)Chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese ($16)Penn cove clams, house pancetta, house thyme ($17)Prosser pumpkin, pork belly, pistachios ($17)I loved all the pizzas!  It'd be hard for me to choose just one favorite pie, but if I had to choose I'd go with the pumpkin and pork belly one.  The pumpkin texture contrasts wonderfully with the pistachios and the pork belly adds a complexity of flavor to the entire dish.The crust of these pizzas are sooo good!!  They have a wood-fired oven that I saw when I walked in, and that bad boy looked crazy.  The crust is chewy and thin and I wanted to inhale every single last crumb.  If you're ever in Seattle, you've got to get yourself some Serious Pie!Seriously in love with Serious Pie.As I approached Tom Douglas' Serious Pie location for the first time, I saw a line stretching out the door and people patiently leaning against the establishment's brick wall waiting to get in.  Worth the hype and popularity I wondered? Completely, I concurred a few hours later.  As one would guess being a patron at any TD restaurant,  you get nothing but the best and freshest ingredients, making pizza more delicious than you thought possible.  I really love the mozzarella & san marzano tomato pizza but you can't go wrong with ordering the chanterelles and truffle cheese either. The menu is simple but you can tell there's 100% effort put forth in everything you try here.Just be patient in getting in the door with the obvious fan following this place has, and know the pizza experience will be absolutely worth it!This place smells incredible... What is that smell? Honey? Brown sugar? Caramelisation? Can you smell caramelisation? Can I *spell* caramelisation? ... Well, whatever it is, I wish I could roll around in it.As an aging hipster doofus, I know I'm not supposed to like Tom Douglas establishments because he has more than one! And has diversified! And has been on Iron Chef! THE HORROR! ... But I just *do*. I LIKE FOOD! And his is great. Always. The chantrelle/ truffle oil pizza is incredible... And despite what the servers say about it only being enough for one person, I've always gone home with leftovers... Stinking of caramelisation. (Or whatever that is.)This IS some serious pie! We had the buffalo mozzarella, San Marzano tomato & the crimini mushrooms, truffle cheese pizzas. Thin, airy yet crunchy crust was done to perfection. It was so good that I had to go back the next day for more pizza. They even have root beer on tap and Mexican Coca-Cola. I always try to have either coke or beer with pizza (because you just have to!) and the Mexican Coca-Cola really hit the spot. I like the atmosphere. It is small but very casual and cool. Lots of unusual pictures on the wall but it works. Each pizza can satisfy 2 people...not 3 or more. It's more on the pricey side for the size you get but the ingredients are outstanding. They make individual size pizzas for happy hour only.Thank you Tom Douglas for making one of the best pizzas I have ever had!!!What can I say about Serious Pie that hasn't already been said.  Reading through all these reviews you can glean that the majority of people love this pizza.My Pros+Salty, grainy cracker textured crusts+Smaller sized pizzas so you can taste more than one+Intimate setting where you get to meet strangers+Gourmet fresh local ingredients+Awesome desserts+Helpful and professional staffI don't really have any cons but here is a list of possible cons YOU may have:-This is not chicago style pizza-This is not new york style pizza-Time to wait is too long -Crust is too grainy/salty-Bothered by having to sit with people you don't knowPretentious pizza. Explain to me how a pizza with no cheese, red sauce, some olives, and a handful of arugula on top is $2 more expensive than a pizza with Chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese? Give me a break.Overpriced, over-hyped snobby pizza for people who feel that eating overpriced over-hyped pizza makes them sound more cultured.The root beer was pretty good, which is what makes this a 2 instead of a 1.I always have a good meal at Serious Pie, but let me break it down:Decor: This place looks stellar.  It's got a very cool brick house pizzeria vibe.  The pizzas are made in the open so patrons can watch and even though the place is on the smaller side, it still suffices for seating.  Also, don't be surprised to meet new people as most of the seating is picnic style.Service:  Pretty standard stuff.  They are very pleasant, courteous and ready to serve you.  The wait staff is very good at stopping by the tables and checking up on their patrons.Food:  This is really where my review gets its stars!  The food is fantastic and very original.  You won't find your typical pepperoni and meat lovers pizzas here.  They ventured into the new and exciting and came out with something wonderful; a menu of pizza choices that taste superb.  I personally suggest the fennel sausage pizzaDrinks: Pretty standard stuff, soft drinks, water, a nice wine selection and a smaller but robust beer selection.Price: Unfortunately, like most good food, you have to spend a little more to get the good stuff.  Although a little on the pricey side, it's still not horrible.  The pizzas are a little small, so remember, you're not getting the 18" large for $20... It's more like a 10".Overall:  THIS PLACE IS A MUST GO if visiting Seattle.  It is a wonderful to stop in for a quick meal.  As for locals, it is definitely a cool little place to take a date or go with some friends.This was one of my favorite meals in Seattle!!! We were only in town for a few days, but still went here twice.  For those of you in LA, this is Seattle's version of Pizzeria Mozza. For you in Seattle, if you're coming to LA, try to get reservations at Pizzeria Mozza!The restaurant is small and cozy, with mostly communal tables and great decor.  I also appreciated the indie/alternative music playing in the background. The service was polite and prompt.Over our two visits, we enjoyed:-Bruschetta with summer squash and bagna calda; the mix of the light squash and the rich garlic was so good!-Burrata, peaches, and pine nuts with super good olive oil; an odd combination to be sure, but oh so good.-Sausage, peppers,  and tomato pizza; great flavors with the right amount of toppings. The crust was soft and crispy in all the right places.-Mushroom and truffle pizza; i'm not a huge fan of mushrooms, but the flavor, especially the combination of flavors, was very good.-Special pork belly pizza; this pizza sounded better than it was, to be honest. But, it was still enjoyable, with rich flavors.-All of this was washed down with a carafe of their house chianti. It was only 15 bucks!We were always too full for dessert, but they sounded good too. No reservations, so dont go in a hurry, or go early during lunch.Tom Douglas (of Dahlia Lounge fame) knows what he's doing!Let me tell you how I came across Serious Pie.  It was featured on Food Network on "The Best Thing I ever Ate".  Now, I live in CA and Jet Blue had decided to offer a ridiculous all-you-can-jet pass.  So my girlfriend and I decided to jump on the opportunity to go across the country to taste the best pizzas around.  We went to NY, Chicago, and Seattle.  Of course each city we hit, we went to 4-5 restaurants b/c we had to fly back the same day or at the latest, the next morning.  So Serious Pie was our first stop in Seattle - could not be a more beautiful city.  We got the chantarelle mushroom truffle oil pie.  Wonderful.  It is very different from the other pizzas we have tasted.  The crust is like an artisanal bread, just flatter.  It does not have an overly doughy texture, but a light crispness that I like to think of as manna from heaven.  The sea salt sprinkled around gives a perfect saltiness that you get on an occasional bite.  No tomato sauce - just cheese so that it really lets the power of the chanterelles work their magic.My only regret was that we could not eat and try more pizzas.  But I vow to return one day and have some serious intimate moments with some of the other pies.Best Thing - chanterelle truffle pizzaI know I'm late to the Serious Pie party. In fact, I've lived in Seattle my entire life and this was the first Tom Douglas restaurant I've been to. What can I say, I just don't hang out between 3rd and 4th Avenue very much unless there's a gay pride parade or something. But, I am a pizza connoisseur and it was on my hit list, so when a friend suggested it for lunch yesterday I was all: GAME ON. So, we went in around 1:30 and it was literally jam-packed. I got a green salad, which was fine and my friend got the Italian bread soup which he loved (but he'll eat anything so I don't know what to make of that) and then we split the basic Margherita pizza. First, let me say that it WAS a good pizza. The flavors were really perfect and thin crust just the way I like it. BUT, it was small for 2 people to share and I probably could have eaten 3 of them myself and still been hungry. Also, for the price of the pizza, I would have much much rather have gone to Via Tribunali and had the Margherita DOC (best pizza ever). Or like someone below said, The Palomino (which has great pizza as well). So overall, it's good, but MEH. You can do better.There's a good reason this place is well-reviewed. The food rocks and the staff are outstanding!But you're thinking pizza? Been there, done that, got the sauce-stained t-shirt. Not this...this is different.We shared the kale salad; my first kale salad, and by no means my last. I'm a kale fan now! And the pizza? We went with the clam and pancetta. I love the crust...more like a bread dough than pizza dough. But really light and airy. And whole clams on top. Killer good!The staff are amazingly nice, and big props to Kary. She was excellent!Some say it's pricey, but I think that the pizzas can be shared and don't have to be single-serving. Does that mean I didn't want my own? Of course not...I wanted my own plus another. This is some serious pie!After several previously thwarted attempts, I have finally made my way to a table for some Tom Douglas Pie.Even though I'd stood in the foyer before, stymied by an hour-plus wait for a table, the space wasn't quite what I was expecting.  It's what realtors would call "cozy" (aka small and cramped), with tall barstools packed in around communal tables that are a little tricky to navigate when it's a full house.  Kudos to the waitstaff on that count.The beer selection was a little disappointing, with only two draft options and five bottles (including the obligatory PBR), and even though the appetizer selection is as swanky as you're going to find in a pizza joint I had a hard time finding anything that seemed like an appropriate way to kick off a dinner of pie, no matter how serious.  I don't even remember what appetizers we eventually settled on.On to the 'za.  The focus is on simple combinations and presentation: Chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese. Fiddlehead ferns with pancetta and roasted garlic. Guanciale, egg and arugula.  A single pie is sufficient for two adults with moderate appetites, but if you're hungry or adventuresome, get two so you can sample something different.  The communal atmosphere definitely lends itself to sharing a meal.In spite of the fairly focused menu, it is varied enough to let you explore some inventive combinations and exotic flavors, provided you have deep enough pockets.  Serious pie means serious prices: before tip you're already looking at about $30 for a single beverage, appetizer and pie.  My buddy and I had a few beers each, split an appetizer, and shared two pies, and the total was $90 after tip.While I'm glad I can finally speak from firsthand experience about Serious Pie, I probably won't rush back simply because of the price tag, which I think is a little ambitious for the total package.After seriously over-dozing on free pizza during my frugal college days, I basically avoid pizza whenever possible. I'd go here any day though. A.M.A.Z.I.N.GI got to sample two of Tom Douglas' restaurants on my trip to Seattle, and he SERIOUSLY did not disappoint.Yes, it's a bit pricy for the amount of pizza you get, but the combination of unique and fresh ingredients, with some of the best-tasting dough (key for any great pizza, IMHO) I've had outside of NY and Italy, makes this pie a contender.Menu's change daily, which is just another reason to go back, but if you're going anytime soon, try the fig and sausage pizza, your taste buds with thank you.Did someone say truffle cheese?This isn't your typical delivery pizza. It's definitely not D'Giorno. It's not New York style, Chicago style or California Pizza Kitchen style. This is some Serious Pie! I had the roasted chanterelles with truffle cheese, since I generally like mushrooms on my pizzas. Gotta say, this pizza was the best I've ever had. Why didn't anyone think of this sooner? Tom Douglas is a frickin genius.Tips: Go family style and share!My first trip to this oft hearlded parlor of pizza was very good! Observations: Rather than pizza, the entree servings are really more akin to a "flat bread". I love the slightly burned crunchy edges. Ingredients are top notch. Cozy communal seating is great , but not a good spot to have an intimate or serious conversation. Pricing is a bit high, even when considering the high end ingredients. $16 is a lot for an 8" long piece of oven fired bread. Italian soda. I ordered the rhubarb and it was disgustingly sweet. So much so I only took one sip and the fact I didn't touch it wasn't mentioned by server. That's a big miss. The decor is austere but high style yet comfortable. The growing crime-creepy morass that is becoming downtown Seattle is enveloping this neighborhood... we were here on a Sunday and were panhandled twice and had to dodge a puddle of vomit and jump over a few street sleepers. There is a faint feeling of discomfort when you are dining well amongst this backdrop of dispair and dereliction.This place is awesome.Yeah.....not that impressed.  We tried the 1) truffle cheese/chanterelle mushroom pizza and 2) the clam and pancetta pizza.  The former was just too subtle in flavor for me and the cheese tasted like American cheese; not what I look for in gourmet pizza.   Also the  chanterelle mushrooms, which are quite expensive, didn't really taste like anything on this pizza.  The clam and pancetta pizza was actually pretty tasty and deserving of 3 stars.  The restaurant was very casual which I liked and our server was excellent.  One other redeeming quality is that Dahlia Bakery is around the corner.OK, I know it's not "real" pizza. But it was good. We did have a 30-minute wait, but we went down to Lola and had overpriced cocktails. And they phoned us when our table was ready. That's a nice touch, and much appreciated.I had the cherry bomb pepper and fennel sausage pie and the husband had the one with salami on it. We also had a glass apiece of the Barbera -- very nice. The pizza was great -- the peppers were not spicy at all, actually. And the salami on my husband's pizza was exquisite -- not the limp, salty business you're used to seeing on sandwiches. Dessert menu did not entice. Neither did the bill -- $51 for two individual pizzas and two glasses of wine is crazy train. But, this is "gourmet" pizza, so I suppose I need to adjust my expectations. The service at Serious Pie is great, and that scores serious points with me. I take a star off for the prices.Best pizza ever (buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato). Every single bite was perfectly seasoned, the crust was a transcendental experience. The sauce tasted like warm vine-picked tomatoes, not tomato sauce. Fresh herbs with tons of flavor perfectly accentuated the cheese/sauce ratio.(Baby lettuces, radish, moscatel vinaigrette). Amazing dressing, tender greens, balanced with perfectly crisp radishes and some awesome cheese. I could eat that salad every day.While I expected this to be the most "pedestrian" of the Tom Douglas restaurants, I was delightfully surprised at how ridiculously beyond amazing it was.For someone who hardly ever has a craving for pizza, I'm a total fan of Serious Pie.I had two pizzas here:sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone  - $17brussels sprouts, smoked pancetta, caramelized onions - $17Brussel sprouts never tasted so good. I wanted to eat more!One of the main reasons I'm not a big fan of pizza is the tendency for the bread to over power the flavor from the toppings (the same complaint I have about artisanal sandwiches). Serious Pie pizzas are are all thin crust, allowing a good blend of flavors. Major negative: You'll be waiting a long time. I recommend going to the Dahlia Lounge next door. They make tastey hot chocolate which is perfect for a wintry Seattle night.The place is crowded and the seating is cafeteria style. They try to really use as much of the space as they can. There was hardly any elbow room. Don't expect to have a private conversation while dining here. Also, I wouldn't recommend going here with a party greater than four.In the end, what makes this place redeeming really is the food. Each pizza was flavorful and conducive to sharing.I'd definitely go back here with a group of friends.Seattle lacks wood-fired pizza options. These guys are in a league of their own, which is a little crazy as it's only pizza.They have quality pizzas and creative ingredients.  The portions are small for the price, but you are paying for the unique experience and the good service.Love love love this place.  So delicious!  Completely worth the long wait on Fridays and Saturdays.  I used to live down the street and went here as often as I could.  They pour truffle oil on all of their pizzas .... mmm yum.  Don't bother ordering an appetizer or salad, just go straight for the pizza.  There is one with sausage that is my favorite.The atmosphere is kind of cool as well.  It is very small and you share a table with other patrons.  The close proximity makes it easier to look at everyone else's food.  It gets kind of loud but it's a fun atmosphere.I went here one time with my girlfriend who had just broken up with me.  I was pretty devastated but as soon as we started eating, I stopped caring.  The delicious pizza made us both forget about our problems.  We spent the rest of the meal stuffing our faces and inhaling every last morsel in front of us.A hot tip from my Savor Seattle tour guide sent me looking for Tom Douglas restaurants, and the Yelp app on my ladywife's phone sent us to Serious Pie. We certainly weren't disappointed, but I wasn't as bowled over as the lady was. The space charmed both of us from the very beginning, with its open kitchen and warm fire and tall tables. Nothing felt gimmicky, either. That's the mark of a good design: novel without gimmicks. Charming. It's a small restaurant, and I'm not sure how accessible it would be for people with mobility issues. (See below for more notes.) The staff and servers were on top of their game, delivering relaxed service that was really on-point. The only gaff was beer recommendations from our server. She didn't actually know what she was talking about, but I didn't realize she'd been faking it until the beer showed up. They were gracious enough to switch my beer (which was not an amber as promised but a stout) for an actual amber. Much better. I wish the server had pleaded ignorance at the get-go, however. My wife cheated a little bit and read some highlights before we sat down so she knew to order the pizza with the potatoes on it. I balked at potato pizza and regret it a bit. My pie was good but not as stunning as hers. (I still love you, honey! Please continue to use your Yelp app for good!) Were I a local, this place would be in my rotation. They do a good wood-fired pie, and the crust has an interesting wheaty tang to it. Lovely, just lovely. Still, eat in to enjoy the fresh crisp texture from the fire.Accessibility notes: Space is very dark. No braille menu or signage. Three steps down into dining area. High tables. Open flame.Tom Douglas means business.  Other than the appetizers, the Serious Pie menu is pizza-centric.  We started with a kale salad, raw, lemony, crisp and whetted our appetites.  Although we were just two wee gals, we ordered three pizzas.  The roasted mushroom pizza with truffle cheese was my least favorite because it was so rich even though it was really delicious.  The combination of the strong truffle and the heavy cheese was really heavy and we struggled to finish this one.   The other pizza with pancetta and brussel sprouts was my favorite.  Pork products and sprouts are best friends anyway so they played happy.Stop reading the reviews and just go. Seriously. Happy hour wasn't packed at all on a Tuesday evening and the husband and I were quickly seated at a table near the window. There was another couple at the opposite end of the table so no worries about bumping elbows. We ordered the buffalo mozzarella with marzano tomatoes, cherry bomb peppers and sausage, and salami mini pies. I'm a big fan of simplicity so the mozzarella and marzano pie was satisfying, but I could have easily eaten a regular sized cherry bomb pizza on my own! Salami pie was ok, I need to have tomato sauce on my pizzas please. However, let's not forget the star of the show - pizza dough. WOW. Light, chewy, crisp & crunchy. Don't try to compare it to other pizza joints; Serious Pie stands alone.If I'm craving a latte and someone hands me a really tasty cup of perfectly brewed tea I'll probably be appreciative though not entirely satisfied. That, in essence, explains my feelings regarding this place. The pizza they serve here is on some of the tastiest crust I've had the pleasure of trying. It was also nice and thin, which for me is a must. Honestly it was so tasty that after I'd wolfed down the final bite, I found myself almost wishing for more. So why three stars you inquire? Well, as I implied above it isn't exactly "pizza". Sure, it's baked dough with tomato sauce, cheese, and other toppings but for my money this isn't truly pizza. The cheese was applied sparsely, as if some shortage plagued the dairy industry and it was now being rationed much like gas in the 70's. I get that a lot of more traditional style pizza places do this but if this place was aiming for the traditional route they wouldn't charge prices as high as they do. Also, the cheese had an odd artificial look to it that reminded me melted wax dribbled on top. My pie, which set me back $17, was undersized for the price, which kind of contradicts what pizza's supposed to be about. Despite my complaints pizza is really good. No, honestly! The flavor was truly unique and definitely enjoyable. The thing is, when I crave pizza this place will never be what my mind conjures up. I'll have to be in the mood for their brand of pie specifically.As a Tom Douglas restaurant, I had high expectations for the pizzas at Serious Pies, and ended up rather disappointed.  I agree with Yong in that "a pizza lives or dies on its crust," and as a big fan of the thick, chewy pizza crust, the paper-thin crusts of these pies were a letdown.  On th positive side, the pizza toppings are unique and inventive, setting Serious Pies apart from your typical pizza chain, and giving them more reason to price their products slightly higher.  I had the yukon gold pizza and was happy with the top, unsatisfied with the bottom.  These are gourmet pizzas where it's quality over quantity, so don't expect to get a bang for your buck in terms of size.  You're better off sticking with Via Tribunali or Pagliacci if you're looking for a large pie to split with a big group for slightly cheaper.The interior is small and compact, and can get very crowded during peak business hours.  A line is also typical, so expect a wait.  In terms of service, the wait staff is attentive and knowledgeable, able to explain what's on the menu and give solid recommendations.The food is pretty tasty but the experience is not worth it. If you don't get in at happy hour ($6 mini pies - and I emphasize "mini"), it's not worth the: 1) long wait, 2) high prices, 3) no reservations, 4) VERY limited seating, and 5) they don't want to seat you til you're whole party is there.They are kinda snooty about it. My friend says it should be called "Arrogant Pie".damn good pizza.. prices are bit pricy for the size.. but you can always come for happy hour (3-5 pm) for a 6 dollar mini pizza.. the crust is quite good and their toppings are premium ingredients.. however.. my wife and i would prefer neopolitan thin crust over this place.. seating can be quite tight especially during the lunch rushI walked in for a serious pie........and I walked out with a Serious SIGH. I am a Tom Douglas fan....but for me this place was overrated.I visited on a weeknight, it was crowded (good sign) I ordered the Yukon Gold potato pie because I really didn't care for the other options. (I am a old school meat and veggie type of guy) I could care less if my food is imported or not.......I just want lots of good quality cheese and toppings.When my pizza arrived the crust was not crisp it was soggy, the potatoes had decent flavor was nothing special. I asked the server about my crust not being crisp, her reply was "some of the times the potatoes make the crust soggy because of the moisture content"   well Duh.......I didn't think they dipped it in bathwater to finish the pizza. I never received a "may I take that back or would you like to try another item" it was more like "sucks to be you"  I expected more out of a Douglas place. I will try a different pizza someday, but I will not try the Yukon pizza again. I will in the future try my other favorites like Zeeks, Pagliacci, Belltown Pizza etc when having my pizza fix. I will also keep eating at Tom's other places like Dahlia, Etta's and Palace Kitchen........they are all good places to eat. If you want to spend Serious DOUGH on soggy pizza try this place......or try the other items on the menu. Good luck!Seriously amazingly yummy. The mushroom pizza is to die for.I tried to order a coke with my pizza, like the reviewer's friend below. I was denied and horribly astonished. I think I said "what the fu..." to the waiter. I ended up with Izzy's Pomegranate soda. Not bad pop, but probably more than I wanted to spend. The establishment is pretty small, my guess is that it could fit about 25 folks. Onto the pizza... it's really a mediocre pizza. Thin crust pizza with decent toppings. Nothing screams special or fresh to me. I had the clam pizza, which the clams were obviously canned or frozen. My friend had the cherry bomb pepper with sausage, which was not bad. My gf had the special with goat cheese and what looked like pieces of bacons that I had on my clam pizza as well (fat included). Service was good, waiter was attentive to water depletion.Overall, coming from San Francisco I would say this place is overpriced and makes an attempt to pull itself away from mediocre but is really drawn back in with their cooking. I'd say to Mr. Douglas, come to San Francisco and have a slice of Golden Boy pizza or even Amici's, as my gf would put it.Go for it if you wan't pizza in the area (I didn't see anywhere else), but don't expect to get any serious pies here.If you like blackened pizza this is your spot. If not, spare yourself from overpriced burned pizza.Super yummy. Was surprised on the limited choices of pizzas and menu but we ordered was great. It was my first serious pie and I will be back again!  It is a super thin pizza crust and if that is not your thing...this is not your place. Hope that helps.I've finally hit for the cycle.  I've officially made it to all the Tom Douglas restaurants and this was the last hold out for me.  We snuck in here early and were seated right away.  The cherry bomb pepper and sausage and the yukon and rosemary were ordered up right away.  That along with a few Thomas Kemper root beers were on the agenda for the night.  I was with a couple of true pizza hounds so I was watching their faces as they cracked their first bites.  They were all polite at first, but after the first piece each, everyone was jostling to get the next ones on their plates.Consensus was we all like the potato and rosemary the best but the sausage pizza disappeared right behind it.  Staff was quick to us and because we were headed to an event, I was a little worried about the time.  Katie had told me I could be in and out quickly if I needed to be and she was right.  It's a fun little place.  I docked one star because it's noisy inside and the seating arrangement is a little strange.  We were seated at a communal table next to another couple and my friend had to get up mid-eats to allow another person seated next to her to slide out and leave.This is my kind of pizza!!Unique, gourmet and totally fabulous!Came here when visiting Seattle this weekend and it was packed at lunch.  Not a fan of the communal/cafeteria style seating on stools but honestly, I'd do it again in a heartbeat to have that clam, pancetta and lemon thyme pizza!  I sampled hubby's bell peppers and sausage pizza - tasted great as well but nowhere as unique as some of the others on the menu.The crust = DELIZIOZO!!!  I don't know what they do but the taste and texture is amazing.  I'm back in Seattle again at the end of the month and may have to stop in again - it's that good :)The bread was great but I don't know about the toppings. I went during happy hour to maximize the pizzas I could order so I got the following: fresh mozzarella, san marzano tomato - It was good. . sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone - probably the best one out of the bunch.black trumpet mushrooms, truffle cheese - looked like cheese slices and interesting but not tasty. penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme - Too saltyThe bread was crispy crusty and chewy. One of the few times I actually eat the crust.As with most of the Tom's establishments here in town, they're okay to chow in, completely overpriced, and the staff is usually pissed from frantically running around.Here is his minions are making little crusty pizza with a couple gourmet ingredients.   Thin crust pizza with a little bit of tasty bits on it for a bunch of money each!The venue is also dark, invariably crowded, and you either get mashed into one of these huge wooden uncomfortable booths or perched on massive bar stools with tall tables.If you give it a try sometime, you'll find that it doesn't live up to the hype.  I don't take people here unless they demand it.Since no one has ever heard of Tom Douglas outside of Seattle, this never happens.Not impressed. Just visiting from San Francisco for the weekend and was recommended Serious Pie. Yes the pies are serious... seriously expensive. Things I didn't like about my experience:1) our server didn't tell us about the coat rack in the back or the purse hooks under the bar table - these would have been helpful to clear up some space2) I mention space being important because there is a clear lack of it. With communal dining and sitting in the bar tables section, it's really hard to not be in someone's personal space. I felt bad that we trapped these two ladies against the wall and they had so much trouble getting out that we had to stand up to let them through. It felt like  cramped airline seating. 2) clam pizza had huge chunk of grit/sand as I had my first bite. I thought I might have chipped a tooth. I didn't touch that pizza again. 3) sausage pizza was super greasy oily which made great chapstick but I'm not sure that's what I needed4) mushroom truffle something pizza was good but completely dry compared to the greasy mess of the sausage pizza. Not exciting5) after the ladies we corned to the wall left, in came a family with a young kid.. His parents nagged him during the time we were there for playing his nintendo ds with the sound on, for talking too loud etc. Table manners is very important when you are at communal dining and yet it can be so restrictive sometimes. Poor kid. 6) finally when we finished our pizzas we expected our server to come back with suggestions for dessert. You know the usual line "Did you save room for dessert?" but no, he just came with the check instead. And I was hoping to try the panna cotta. I didn't have enough desire to order the dessert separately so I gave up. 7) I like to see some of my food. The restaurant was so dark an we weren't next to the windows so all of our pizzas looked yellow-brown with lumps under the candlelight. I wish I could see some color.. But maybe the pizzas aren't colorful anyway. I don't recommend this place for kids. I don't recommend this place for people who don't like listening to other people's conversation like moving into a good school district. Sorry, I just can't tune everything out. And I don't recommend this place for parties under 4. Either go with a group of 4 or 6 - this way you get some space and can become the majority if you are seated at the bar table and maybe you can squeeze other people to the wall. Muahahaha. Things I did like about my experience:1) thin crust pizza is my fav2) the crust was crunchy and wasn't soaked in oil or juices 3) someone else paid for the bill. And yet I still wouldn't go here if I had a free meal. Tom Douglas, you can do better!Love this place. It's sometimes tricky to get in (yes, my friends and I HAVE waited 45 minutes to an hour for a table for four on a weekday evening), and going as a couple gets my husband and I seated with another couple, which is sometimes a bit awkward for a pair of introverts. But one of those times we ended up having some fun chats with the couple we were seated with, and it wasn't a big deal either time, once we got over being embarrassed.Oh, and the pizza is amazing. Kinda goes without saying, but still! AMAZING.Knocking around on a Friday night, we couldn't decide where to go. I was in a fussy mood, so just any old place would not do, but we also did not want to spend a ton of money. We ended up at Serious Pie. I'd been there before on business lunches and had a good experience, but had never been there at night.They won't take reservations, but the host was taking phone numbers so you wouldn't have to sit and wait in their teeny waiting area. We walked around for a little while, then came back and sat inside since it was chilly. I suppose a person could go to the bar at one of the other nearby restaurants and wait as well.Hubby and I had two starters, the beets and the brussel sprouts, and then the chanterelle pizza with truffle cheese. He had a couple of beers, and I had a couple of glasses of the house white wine, a pinot grigio. I'm not super familiar with Italian wine, so I asked the waitress a few questions, and she refreshingly recommended the house wine after also explaining some more expensive options. We finished with a shared slice of olive oil cake.The food was amazing -- I think my hubby said something like "this is what food should taste like in heaven" and the atmosphere-- cozy, crowded, open kitchen with mesmerizing pizza prep, everyone savoring their food -- just added to the charm of the evening. Seating is at communal tables, and we were seated elbow-to-elbow with two impossibly lovely Spanish couples, who spoke Spanish throughout the meal. It was a lovely date, and we got out of there for $66 before tip and really felt better about that meal than any we have had for a long time. We've been talking about it all weekend.3.5 starsThe Food Network featured Serious Pie's Roasted Mushroom with Truffle Cheese pizza, so I had to come.  Unfortunately, I couldn't convince my hubby to order it.  So instead, we ordered the cherry bomb peppers with sweet fennel sausage pizza.  Very thin crispy crust and quite yummy!  It doesn't come close to my favorite pizza place in LA (Pizzeria Mozza), but I still enjoyed it very much.We came at 5:30pm on a Thursday and luckily, there was no wait.  The restaurant decor's modern use of dark wood and communal seating created creates a cool ambiance where you feel comfortable hanging out, grabbing a drink, munching on pizza and enjoying the conversation around you.I am not enthusiastic about Serious Pie because I don't consider what they serve to fit the definition of even italian style pizza.  What Serious Pie calls crust is so thin, its more like a cracker.  Even just a little more substance to the crust would boost my review, but, for this place, it seems like the crust is the mere receptacle for the ingredients, rather than being an integral part of the pizza. Despite being overpriced, the ingredients held by the crust are decent, but you will likely need to swing through Dicks Drive-In for a burger afterwards as portions are small, the wait is long to get a table and to be served, and your wallet will be hurting.I really love Tom Douglas' Dahlia Bakery and Lola, but I think for me to take Serious Pie seriously, they need to show more of a commitment to giving folks their moneys worth and serving up a crust worthy of the name pizza.On my visit to Seattle this was a must stop for me.  I heard great things about this place.  The pizza was amazing.  We went during the "Pie for Five - Happy Hour".   My fave was the cherry bomb peppers / sweet fennel sausage pizza.It reminds me of Mozza in LA.After stuffing my face with pizza i managed to walk around the corner to get a sweet treat from Dahlia Bakery (another Tom Douglas establishment).    YUM!Pros: Pizza is delicious - thin crust and cooked on an open fire. Cons: Pizza is expensive considering that one person could eat an entire pizza and possibly still be hungry.  Mixed feelings: Ambience is cool, with kitchen out in the open, but I dont particularly like sitting next to others on a bench for a dinner that cost at least $60 for 2 peopleHow can I possibly add to the over 1300 Yelp reviews about this place?  Is there anything that hasn't been mentioned?  We were told by the concierge that this was a Seattle landmark, and that the best artisan pizza in the world were made there.  Off we went.Our two pizzas were:  the soft cooked duck egg and the clam pizza.The pizzas are hand stretched and sufficient for two people, but Hubby and I wanted variety.  The duck egg was hidden under the toppings, but once you broke the yolk and let it blend it, the bubbling pizza took on a different texture.  The crisp crust (which is very good - didn't leave any pizza bones!) should be used to soak up the yolk.  The unexpected combination of duck eggs with the toppings makes for a different texture compared the normal thin crust pizzas.  The clam pizza was also excellent.  I thought the lemon was a bit overbearing, but Hubby enjoyed it.  The pancetta is a nice contrast to the savory little clams.Both pizzas were great, but the best part was the crust.  Don't know what they put in it, but it had a great taste all it's own.We didn't realize that this was a foodie mecca, and that it had been featured on the Food Network as one of the best places.  It got quite crowded as the evening wore on.  We didn't order any dessert.The pizza is fantastic.  The crust is not too thick, not too thin, crispy on the edges.  It's like a combo of the cracker-like Neapolitan style crust and a focaccia-like chewy thick crust.  The menu is short, but I liked the choices...the combinations were creative but not overly complicated.  We chose the cherry bomb peppers with sweet sausage, which the waiter confirmed "the best one"--he eats it every day.  While we were waiting, the waiter offered fresh bread and butter.  The bread is always excellent at Dahlia Lounge and Etta's--and it's great here, too.  It would be nice to have some antipasto-type appetizers to nibble while waiting.  Prosciutto and melon, or a salami and cheese plate...  I love the appetizers at Dahlia Lounge--maybe they could offer some of the most popular ones here, too.The pizzas arrived in about 10 minutes, piping hot.  The description didn't do it justice--the peppers were done perfectly, the sausage thinly sliced (so the edges were nicely crisped), there was something that looked like mild green jalapenos (nice bonus!) and mild white cheese sprinkled on top.  The combination was spicy, sweet, and cheesy goodness all at once.  The crust took it over the top.  One pizza is not big enough for 2 people.  We took a few slices home, but I would have been devastated if I'd run out.  The pizzas are oval shaped and cut into user-friendly squares.  The space is small and cozy, but classy.  The high, bar-style tables seat 6.  It might get awkward if you brought a small party and had to sit with strangers.  I have no problem with strangers but I don't like to eat right next to them, either... We went for lunch on Sunday, and it wasn't too crowded--just right.  Stop by Dahila Bakery for a coconut cream pie "bite".  Yes, the legendary pie now comes in miniature.  Delicious.  I wish it had been on the menu.  Would have been more fun to have the dessert there.My darling,Like an aging untalented movie and or athletic star who sees the otherwise unattainable swim suit cover girl in a video,so did I see you on the food network show entitled," The best thing Ive ever ate". I'm not sure if it was your thin crust,your yummy looking cheese or your mushrooms with truffle cheese that I fell in love with,but I immediately called my agent to set up a meeting with you. This is because whatever I see on TV I must have. After about a month (  it was so hard to get a hold of you since I'm sure that I'm not your only suitor)you agreed to meet with me since you knew I had cash, oops I  meant a love of your work.You were everything I thought you could be and so much more.My love, I will have to admit I had a few drinks at Lola's since you made me wait for 2 hours before you could receive me. My drinks also put me into the arms of the Dahlia lounge ( I never said I was faithful) where I had more to drink,sat next to Ron Sims and then had shrimp dumplings...but more about you.When you finally agreed to meet me I ordered that lovely pizza I saw and of course my husband ordered something just as wonderful ( as I may have explained on the phone,we come as a package of polyamorous foodies). We swapped and shared you,we drank even more wine, we laughed and talked about the absurd remake of Clash of the Titans and the prices of new roofs.Where have you been hiding? I no longer have to look forward to my yearly trips to the east coast for you and just you.Albeit you are a specialty pizza and aren't really in a class of "just a slice", you have colonized my thoughts and I will be back for more.Yours with affection,ChaniThe first thing I wanna say about this place is how misleading the name of the restaurant is.  To me, "serious pie" implies ginormous deep dish pizza.  Instead, the pizza's were neither serious, nor pie-ous.  And what's up with having a creepy thin man as a mascot?  THE FEEL:  It's dark and small but in a cozy and intimate way.  Reminds me of a place I would like to go for late night happy hour and enjoy some wine and cheese.  I liked how you could see into the kitchen while the pizza's were getting dressed and cut before being served.  I also liked the chairs--very comfy and cushy.THE SERVICE: I don't wanna say this because I'm a fan of Tom Douglas' food but man, the service at his restaurants are less than mediocre.  I don't think I've gone to a Tom Douglas restaurant and received great service all around.  Maybe I'm being unreasonable but if your food isn't exactly cheap, the service shouldn't be either...THE FOOD:  I ordered the Kale raab salad with salted cured tuna, the chanterelle mushrooms pizza with truffle cheese, and the guanciale, soft egg, and wild arugula pizza (aka the green eggs and ham pizza).The salad was salty but amazing.  I thoroughly enjoyed the taste and texture contrasts of eating crunchy kale stems with soft leafy Kale that had soaked up all the flavor of the tuna and dressing.The chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza I had heard was their award winning pizza and I was not impressed.  It was kinda bland and didn't have ANY cheese.  If it did have cheese on it, it was such a thin, translucent layer that the truffle flavor I was looking for was lost.  I understand that sometimes subtlety is desired but the flavors were just not there....The guanciale, soft egg, and wild arugula pizza was better than the chanterelle mushroom pizza.  It had a salty favor from the guanciale and a nice subtle peppery flavor from the arugula.  The egg was an interesting flavor I don't expect to taste when eating pizza but, surprisingly, it works. But did it rock my world? Would I think to put egg on my pizzas again?  Probably not...I did appreciate that even though these were thin-crust pizzas, the crust was still crispy, light, and airy all around.  I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizzas that get soggy in the middle because the moisture from the toppings soak into the crust.  So, yes, I will give Serious Pie major point for having an awesome crust...If I ever do go back, I want to try the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, and provolone pizza which my boyfriend recommends.  Not sure if I'll go back though...Seriously! The food is way overpriced and the pizza is mediocre at best. You can get much tastier and even healthier pizza at many other places in town for less money. Veraci and Pagliacci, to name a few, are superior. Not only will you pay less, but they actually put a reasonable amount of toppings on top as opposed to the minuscule morsels at SP. The tables are cramped and communal. The server made me feel as if I was privileged to be eating there and especially privileged that she was lowering herself to serve me. Not sure why I left a tip - mostly out of pity.Enough said.Go somewhere else for pizza! This place is not that great, and way too expensive! I wish everyone would Stop loving and paying too much for everything Tom Douglas creates! With that being said, the pizza was good and I enjoyed it, but I did not enjoy spending $16 for a miniature pizza and still being very hungry. Although the pizza is undoubtably good, it's low on the list as far as Seattle's best pizza goes: Flying Squirrel, Tutta Bella, Via Tribinali, and Pizzeria  Pulcinella all serve tastier pizza, and you'll pay almost half for better pizza at these locations.Go somewhere else for pizza, Seattle is full of wonderful pizza places!I didn't go into this place with very high expectations and was pleasantly surprised by my experience there. My lunch buddy and I made a point of going in early to get a jump on the lunch rush and that was a good decision. This place gets busy pretty fast after 11:45 a.m. We split two pies between us. We ordered the Yukon Gold ($11) and Cherry Bomb Pepper/Sweet Fennel Sausage ($14). Both were pretty darn tasty, but I really liked the pepper/sausage pizza.UPDATE:  04/19/07Ordered Cherry Bomb Pepper/Sweet Fennel Sausage and their special pizza.  Special was a tomato based pizza topped with copa,calamata olives, cipollini and buffalo mozzarella.  The special was very good, but the fennel sausage pizza still reigns supreme.Man, why can't they give their pizzas proper names?Seriously... WOW. First of all - you must go for HH. $5 pies? Yeah, doesn't get much better. SP, welcome to the "It's 5 O'clock somewhere" List. I ordered 5 pies... no big deal. I wanted to try them all, but I need my eyes were bigger than my stomach. The HH pies are small, so one person can eat two pretty easily. My friend and I split the 5, but I got to choose them all. What a sweet deal! The Fav?The squash! By FAR! It was amazing. Salty, sweet, spicy, rich. Everything you could want in one bite... it had. Much unexpected, but will never be forgotten. YUM. The Dough? This happens to be very debated. Verdit? - Amazing. Salty but has a kick to it that is unexpected. Like really good. What I didn't think I would like was the airiness of the dough - it kind of poofs up but isn't dense. I actually didn't like it... I loved it. I haven't had dough like this before. This proves my point... you have to come here. Originality, luxury, quality, and deliciousness all happen to rank at #1 here. Seriously. I mean, there is not much more I can say. It's that good. Tommy... Are you single? I could see myself being the future "Mrs. Douglas" ...  Just sayin'.Serious pie is a good place to go for pizza.  I guess that's the best I can say about it.  It didn't 'wow' my socks off.  I didn't get smacked in the head with culinary a revelation.  And I didn't leave thinking I had just eaten the great pizza or had received the best overall pizza experience.The menu is small, which I really like.  They have 5-6 small apps/salads, 5-6 pizzas, 4-5 desserts/cheese options, and the back is full of wine and beer.  Their pizzas are hand pulled and tend it be about 10".  The crust is good and I ordered the Mozzarella and tomato which was simple as I expected and seasoned to perfection.  The pizzas are good enough for one person (too small to share, even for the light eater) and if you are starving, you might leave a little hungry.They have a great wine and beer list which is worth checking out.  I was surprised to wine by the glass starting at $5 and beer starting at $2.I had the cannoli which wasn't that great.  Skip dessert here, and either order a appetizer or go around the corner to Dalia Bakery for something their.Overall this place has a great atmosphere and would be a great place to meet someone for a lunch or it would be a great place to meet after work, but it is worth checking out.Oh here we go.  The special pizza today has pink lady apples (yay), fresh mozzarella (another yay) on a truffle oil base (awesome) and is topped with wood violets (wtf?)  So you know Ms A. is going to want that one because it has some weeds sprinkled on the top.  "You know, they grow in our front yard," she says, as if that ups the marketability factor.  All kinds of crap grows in the front yard that I don't want on my pizza.As usual, however, I have to concede she's completely correct.  In that wood violets are a very nice pizza topping, especially on a foundation that includes truffle oil and pick ladies.  And oh, that crust!  How can it be so substantial and flavorful and yet seemingly weightless?We elect to have glasses of a bright Montepulciano and since we split the apple and weed pizza (do wood violets give you munchies?) we split a triple coconut cream pie.  This is not on the menu but it is said you can get it at any Tom Douglas restaurant and I have to try this out.  And it works.  This too is serious pie.With all of Seattle (or at least downtown) at our disposal, we head right back to Serious Pie for lunch the very next day.  That's how good it was.Serious Pie has really grown on me. I'm a big fan of this little place, with its little menu, little pizzas, and one heck of a big local celebrity chef.I have had a few pizzas here that I really haven't liked. They were both the "special" pizza of the evening - one had really, really strong blue cheese (it was all I could taste) and the other had a very gamey, very fatty italian cured meat. If you're coming here for the first time I would suggest ordering off the menu, or if you're with a big group order a bunch and share and who cares if you don't like one of the pizzas.There is always a long wait, and the waiting area is very small, so I often show up a little earlier than I would like to eat, put my name on the list, give the host my cell phone number, and go have a drink elsewhere.Seriously. Delicious. Pizza. I've tried plenty of artisan pizza that is tasty enough, but Serious Pie truly takes pizza gourmet. I left here not thinking "this is some of the best pizza I've ever had," but "this is some of the best food I've ever had." Seriously. As for pies, you pretty much can't go wrong. We sampled 3, all of which were mouth-wateringly amazing. My favorite was the chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese. The watermelon salad was so simple, and yet one of the most refreshing and delicious things I have ever tasted!Who'd ever know you could find such culinary delights in a little hole-in-the-wall spot? The space is teeny tiny (seating for maybe 20?), which has its pros and cons. On the one hand, it can be rather intimate if you get a table for 2, or can be kind of a fun shared table experience if you come with a small party and are seated at one of the longer group tables with other guests. On the other hand, it can mean waiting a while to get in the door and a bit of pressure (self-imposed) not to linger. If you can time it right and get in the door without too much waiting, this is a great place to go with a group so you can order multiple pies(they're not that big) and taste as many delectable flavors as possible! Savor while you can, because you never know when you'll make it to the front of the line again!My friends and I went here for happy hour and each got a pie of our own.Of course, as a Tom Douglas (local celebrity chef) restaurant, this place has gotten a lot of hype.  Even one of the friends I went with raved about it (although she raves a lot so I've started to take it with more than a grain of salt).  Not that impressed.  I ate here awhile ago and kept making notes to write a review, but it was so impressionless that I kept putting it off.  It was good. Not great. Not spectacular. Not mind-blowing "wow, I'm glad I had that experience".  I would say even happy hour wise, not THAT worth my money at $5 for a mini pie.  I wasn't full afterwards and left feeling unsatisfied.I got the "roasted king trumpet mushrooms, truffle cheese" pie but also got to try the "penn cove clams, house pancetta, chilies, lemon thyme" and "sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone".  Two sounded unique and the other was a safer bet.  None did much to impress me... crust was thin and crisp which was good, but I don't know... did little to be more than just thin and crisp - and a bit burnt. Toppings were on the scarce side.  The flavor and textures weren't doing anything for me other than letting me know I was eating.  I guess this sounds harsh.  I by no means think it's a -bad- place to eat.  But for prices and hype I was amazingly underwhelmed.  It probably isn't good enough for me to want to go back - which I haven't since.  Service was super nice and atmosphere/decor was comfortable.  A lot of people seem to like it so I think it's worth going to try for yourself.  I seem to be an odd one out who is underwhelmed with most of the Tom Douglas restaurants I try :\With all the other restaurants in Seattle, honestly, I don't think Serious Pie is worth it.Don't get me wrong, the food was good. But a 1.5 hour wait was NOT worth it. On a Monday night too!Yes the crust is thin and crispy. Yes, the topping are good.I've had better pizza and I've eaten at better Tom Douglas restaurants.This was the best pizza I've ever had. Perfect thin, bubbly, crisp crust.  Delicate, fresh flavor of San Marzano tomatoes.  Bufala mozzarella.  Perfectly executed.The Yukon Gold potato with rosemary and pecorino was also a favorite.Throw in draft Washington root beer and this, for me, is heaven.Would it be corny to say, seriously good? Yes. Ok, fine I won't say that.Good though. I liked the feel of the place. We got there early enough to avoid the communal seating business which was nice. Ordered two pizzas, the basic mozzarella and tomato as well as their salumi and olive pizza. Both good. The crust on the first was burnt and the second was delicious but maybe a touch salty. The service was just so-so, not terrible but not exactly friendly...Overall- It had a nice atmosphere, pizza worth going back for, and it's definitely a great spot to grab a bite before heading out for the night.Serious Pie was underwhelming, to say the least. Serious Pie would have gotten a 2-star rating, but they get a third star is for their happy hour prices. If you must try this place out for yourself, go during happy hour. Pizzas were decent, but it 'seriously' does not live up to the hype. Thank Jesus I was able to sample their $5 mini pies during happy hour for a reasonable price before diving into a full sized pie. The place was pretty packed for 4 pm and my girlfriend and I had to wait ten minutes which wasn't bad. I was just annoyed that the waitress crammed us between the window and a party of six. We had to share the same table and it was an awkward chair-to-chair status. We ordered the:-roasted chantrelle, truffle cheese-cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage-buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato The pizza break down. All the pizza missed the 'wow factor'. The crust was crispy, but unevenly doughy. The super crispy bits were burnt. The toppings were tasty, but minimal. Crust to topping ratio was off. I tasted more crust than anything else. The cherry bomb peppers was the best of the three.  The one with truffle cheese was good, but nothing special. Buffalo mozzarella was disappointing. The thin layer of cheese peeled off the crust when I took the first bit. No bueno. Go to the happy hour if you must try this place before shelling out $16 per pizza off the regular menu.Am I the only one that thinks if Serious Pie didn't carry the Tom Douglas stamp it would just be (slightly) above average, overpriced pizza? I had gotten the eggplant and sausage (no longer on the menu I think) and the eggplant was undercooked. I LOVE crust, and the crust was nice and thin with a good consistency, but super oily. My friend had ordered the chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza which also seemed overly greasy and lacked the rich cheesy goodness I associate with pizza. The crostini from the pate was probably my favorite part of the meal. The restaurant is comfortable, and a chill spot to grab lunch or dinner with friends. But for the money, I'd rather stay home and get my pizza delivered.Honestly, I am not a big fan of Tom Douglas' other restaurants. I've had strange service encounters (including absolutely glacial service at the Dahlia entertaining some special out-of-town guests) and several instances of food that just was just not well-executed. We arrived (party of 4) at about 7:10 on a Thursday night and were told there was a 25 minute wait, but that we might be seated sooner. The place was packed and the space is tiny (occupancy 50). We could either wait standing up - or we could wait in the Dahlia bar and they would call us. That's a nice option, but since none of us drink we elected to wait (standing) at Serious Pie.And wait we did. It was 45 minutes before we were seated - and then another 20 minutes after that until we got our first bite of any food (the rustic bread soup). When dining with friends, waits usually don't bother me because you can fill the time visiting - but the noise level on a busy Thursday night made this very difficult. I'm 48 and many of our friends are well into their 50's - the noise level in restaurants is increasingly becoming a barrier  - it's frustrating.That all aside, I still rated it 4 stars because the food was superb - really exceptional. Both the rustic bread soup and the foraged mushroom pizza with truffle cheese had a perfect balance of flavors and textures. The pizza crust was crisp on the outside but wonderfully tender on the inside. In fact, just writing this review is making my mouth water in remembering the meal!Our friends go here regularly and they report the trick to avoid the wait and noise is to go late afternoon. By 5:30, the place starts filling up. I will definitely go back, but plan instead to do it as either a late lunch or early dinner.the quality of serious pie has gone down over the past several years.  I remember going to the down town location, off Virginia, and dining on a pretty delicious pizza pie.  I've been to the south lake union location three times and each time the quality of the pizza has been going down. unfortunately, I cannot recommend this particular branch of tom Douglas's restaurants'; the price point does not match the quality of food.*8 dudes and we ate the entire menu*is not cheap, just what you would think $14 pizzas*These guys need to carry Manny's Beer, come on now Tom!  get local!*The yukon potato one is pretty damn good*Service was great, very promptA friend couldn't stop raving about Serious Pie, so four of us went a couple of weeks ago.  My wife was excited because of all the buzz, I was not looking forward to it because of the lines.First off - they have lines because this place is dinky!  It's not the food!  Half the restaurant is taken up by a baking & storage area glassed off and on full display, to rub your nose in the lack of seating space. There's no place for a group of four to stand & talk while waiting for a table.  Seating is at tall tables arranged cafeteria-style - your table blends seamlessly with your neighbor's.  Some call it cozy; I found it cramped - especially since you have to walk single-file from tables to the restroom or the front.  Reading this menu is like trying to decode the one-line text messages of an ultra-hip but introverted 14 year-old.  More like an obscure ingredients list intended to stump even hard-core foodies.  For example, the Italian word for "pork cheeks."  Really?  Save it for Alton Brown, why don't you?  Our server decoded ingredients, but then got snooty when I asked  whether "soft egg" meant runny whites.  "That's the point" she retorted brusquely.  Tom Douglas, you have at least one lousy server on your staff.  With ingredients like these, you folks had better learn to be gracious....There are only 7 pie choices.  I decided on the spek (cured pork like bacon) with carmelized onions and sheep's milk cheese (translation required).  Everyone at our table agreed it was the wrong choice.  Tasted like hell, and paper-thin shavings of meat meant I would be looking for a snack afterwards.  Others fared better - the sausage with red sauce and the chantarelle mushroom with truffle cheese.  On the plus side, I have to give credit for an excellent-tasty crust (even if it's not a pizza crust as we know it) and getting Coca-cola in a real Coke bottle.I wish I could say this place is worth the hype, and if you're into Tom Douglas' style maybe it is.  For me if this place had anyone else's name on the marquee it would be roundly condemned for the cramped seating, poor service and the ultra-lame, over-priced hoity-toity take on one of America's favorite down-home classics.Yep, I'm definitely a fan. I'm not that big of a foodie and I'm not a celebrity chef groupie but I do like good pizza and I do rely on my eyes to make the decisions for me initially. Seriously, I don't know who this Tom Douglas person is and I'm sure he's doing awesome stuff 'cause his name is all over restaurants around town but regardless of his celebrity, he's won me over with creative pizza recipes.The restaurant itself has a small unassuming little sign that simply states "Serious Pie" with the little pizza man that is reminiscent of the Stinky Cheese Man picture books. Walk on in after peeking into the warm restaurant with communal seating. I couldn't recommend walking in with a party larger than 6 since their largest table can only accommodate 6, maybe 7. And I hope you like sharing tables and getting really close to your neighbor 'cause they fill those seats up and get you real nice and cozy with your table mate.We came in one early dinner hour with a group of 6 and was greeted by a lovely man named Scot (with only one "t" I've noticed.) He put up with our loud belligerent group, gave us sound recommendations and even humored our really really drunk friend. Kudos to you Scot.We started with the roasted pumpkin with pesto sauce, toasted hazelnuts and shaved garlic. I'm not a pumpkin lover-in fact, I despise all things with pumpkin flavored anything thanks to my overzealous grandmother and her favorite motto, "There's children out there who are hungry so eat up." The pumpkin pieces had a rich almost meaty texture to it that was nicely paired with the garlic and pesto. I almost didn't know it was pumpkin 'cause it blew away all the other 20 recipes grandma tested on me.For dinner we had the cherry bomb tomatoes and sausage pizza, the salumi and walla walla onion pizza, and the buffalo mozzarella pizza. We originally ordered 2 sausage pizzas and one salumi pizza but we weren't going to hold it against him for giving us the wrong one 'cause it was good anyhow. You've got to try it for the olive oil crusts, the bubbly and crispy bites you take with wonderful aromas of fresh herbs  that hit you all at once. If you're a fan of New York style pizza or Chicago deep dish, don't come expecting anything close to it. This is it's own style and deserves to not be compared to anything else. I'd also recommend trying their spice cake with maybe a cup of coffee, especially since it's the fall and hell, olive oil is good for you too. Dine early, don't be an incomplete party and cross your fingers to get a table close to the window-it's worth the 60 minute wait sometimes.When your in the mood for pizza you need pizza! We ended up going someplace else because the line consisted of 5 couples standing out in the rain and since I had no coat, I wasn't about to go there. The lady at the counter was really nice & said the wait would be approximately 40 min and that she'd call.She called us over an hour later & we had already ate so I just ordered the  delicata squash, roasted garlic, gorgonzola luciferopizza to go. I mainly got this because of the lucifer reference and anything that is about Satan, well, what the hell- I'll try it. I'm kidding. Kind of. But anyway, the pizza smelled like stinky cheese & was pretty good. Not the best, but I'm thinking it was just the one I ordered..so I'll try again when I have a jacket to stand outside & wait.I don't even like pizza. I forced myself to go to the few places of popularity in New York and Chicago and although I enjoyed it there, it was still just an ok experience to me. In general, I don't eat pizza, rarely ever do I want to go to a pizza place ... plus the bf is lactose intolerant. But coming to Seattle with a gf, I wanted to try this place since it was so raved about on Yelp and from friends. I didn't know what to expect at all and thought maybe it would be another tourist joint.I was so wrong!This place is extremely small and you have a lot of community tables you can sit at to eat your food. You can opt for a single table but either way they're all on high chairs and you might as well get friendly with the locals because it is WARM in here. The open fire oven stares at you right in the face when you come in, and the cozy atmosphere immediately makes you feel at home. The menu is simple, delightful but has so many surprises. The kale salad was BOMB, and the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza can only be described as heavenly. I enjoyed every slice til the end and if I had anymore stomach space, I would have asked for more.We got two pizzas (yes, we were greedy!) and an appetizer to share. Awesome service and pizzas were very reasonably priced, comes out fresh and has all the trimmings. A must visit!This is some of the best pizza I have EVER had.Thin, burnt, and extra crispy crust is my calling. Brick walls and high stools set the perfect ambiance for this place. Pizza prices are amazing during happy hour. Mini pies are $5 each. At that price, you can afford to try every pie on the menu.We ordered the Sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone AND the penn clam cloves and pancetta.Amazingly simple and delicious.If you didn't know already, Serious Pie has communal seating- there's less than a dozen long tables with tall stools, each seating 6-8, and there's a few two-four person tables in the back.  If you have a problem with communal seating (and I know some people do, they think it's loud or too weird) then don't come here because you will be sad.Key: hooks under the table for your purse!On the other hand, Serious Pie is great if you're friendly to strangers!  I coincidentally sat next to probably the two other Minnesotans in a ten-block radius and we had a great conversation!  Screw you, unfriendliness/Seattle freeze!  Some of us are nice!On to the food: almost excellent, and what isn't excellent is quickly fixed by excellent service.  I ordered the special of the day, a pancetta-caramelized onion-roasted garlic-soft cow's milk pie, but it came out topped with parm instead.  The waitress apologized and offered to replace it if I didn't like it.  I tried it and ugh not so great, not nearly as good as the house salumi one.  I felt bad sending it back but she assured me it was fine and was just the best about the whole thing.  The soft egg was awesome, I loved the tartness of the dressing on the greens which contrasted nicely with the denseness of the egg.Serious pie is pricey, and you'll want a 1-1 person-pizza ratio if you're hungry.  Maybe 4-3 if you're not too hungry.  Less than that just won't work.Also, two of the times I've gone we've gotten half-carafes of the house red and it's a fantastic complement to the pizzas.  The house white is a pinot grigio, so I was leery of getting it (too light for heavy pizzas?), and I'm glad we ended up with the red.Happy hour review:Finally: my first Tom Douglas experience! Yay! I LOVE pizza, but at the same time, of all the Tom Douglas restaurants, I don't really know why we came here first. I guess I don't really consider pizza a high-end meal. Then again, these happy hour prices are not high-end.My friend and I ordered two $5 mini-pizzas:-chanterelle (and I think portabello?) mushrooms with truffle cheese -squash, ricotta, zucchiniWe also ordered beers and hard apple cider for $4 a piece.The pizzas were cooked to perfection and came out so fresh. Both pies were good but the mushroom pizza was one hair short of amazing.This place is pretty small. I was trying to go to the Westlake location but somehow the apps took u's here. I didn't like that they didn't have a seperate bar so we were sitting at a table with a family while we discussed someone's party. Nonetheless, it had a nice pizza-y vibe.The food here is very good. I do still prefer saucier pizza and I think this is totally overpriced for dinner, but for $5, I'll be back!5 stars for happy hour4 stars for dinner pricesSeriously not impressive. :( Let me start out by saying that I am NOT a pizza snob. I like Costco pizza..obviously I'm not that hard to please. As many yelpers have mentioned, there is a pervasive burnt taste to their pizzas. I got the roasted crimini mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza. This was so flavorless for me.. Aside from the burnt flavor. I could taste the truffle, but it was very bland. I was so disappointed considering the price! My friend chose the better pizza. She got some kind of caramelized onion and fetta pizza. We wanted to split a pizza and do half and half of each, but it wasn't allowed. Boo... two pizzas for two girls = way too much food. Overall, I thought the pizza was okay and way over priced.Back in 2008 I decided I was going to go to Serious Pie ASAP. It only took 4 years, but I finally made it to one of only two Tom Douglas restaurants I haven't been to.Fortunately the crowds were minimal when 3 friends and I went on a Tuesday night. We were quickly seated and given menus to browse. I already knew I wanted the duck egg, garlic, spicy coppa, and arugula pizza. The Penn Cove Mussel pizza was a close second. My pizza was absolutely flawless. The crust was thin and crisp, the spicy coppa was so incredibly rich and flavorful and I loved how thinly it was sliced. The arugula added a spicy bite and the cheese was abundant enough to please a cheese lover but wasn't excessive or stringy. The duck eggs were perfect... slightly runny, rich, and decadent. This was unlike any pizza I've ever had but it was absolutely amazing. The people I was with ordered more simple pizzas. The fennel sausage was pleasant. Full of flavor and the fennel in the sausage complimented the peppers and provolone cheese quite nicely. Even the most simple mozzarella and basil was nice. However, I've found good pizza at plenty of places. If you're coming to Serious Pie why not order a pizza with duck egg or mussels? Be adventurous!Service was exceptionally attentive and friendly. Our server was so on top of it and had no issues accommodating us, splitting checks, etc. While they don't have the biggest wine/beer selection, it is a nice selection with some great choices. Serious Pie gets 5 stars... barely. I can't possibly describe how much I enjoyed the duck egg, garlic, spicy coppa, and arugula pizza. It was flawless. However, the other pizzas I tried were nice, but a little common. Get the duck egg pizza and enjoy the awesome service!I simply love their pizza! Handmade dough and tastes so fresh! Not the cheapest for a slice of pizza, but the extra cost is definitely worth it. They use seasonal and fresh ingredients so sometimes the menu changes, but all the ones I've tried I liked!Only downside is the Virginia location is a bit small, so either you reserve or you wait in line. And I take one star off because I don't quite like the sitting arrangement; most of the time you end up sharing a table with two, sometimes four other people and it can make your dinner experience less enjoyable because of the lack of privacy.Overall, not that good of a place.  Expenisve, crowded, and they are stingy about their toppings. I would never return.-some appetizer not worth remembering- clam pizza and onion pizza. .. just ok- potato pizza... were they joking? -fig and cheese dessert... ok, not worth the moneyI was in search of some good food in Seattle and found this pizza joint on the Top Ten List here on Yelp.  Since we stayed right in downtown @ The Mayflower, this was just a short distance away.  If you are serious about pizza, your looking at the right place!  The pizza here isn't the typical thick crusted, greasy cheesy type a lot of you are used to more of a flat-bread, but nevertheless, you'll be in for a treat!  We ordered one of their specials of the night, thought I can't recall the name (that is what happens when you write a review 3 months after dining there), but all I remember is that there was spinach, ham, and some special cheese on top of it (doesn't really tell you much, huh? =P).  If your not planning on getting into a food coma, share your pizza with whoever you came with.We also ordered a duck liver paté appetizer w/ crostini and huckleberry jam on the side.  Though I am a huge fan of any liver pate, this was a bit saltier than usual, but the huckleberry jam counter-attacked the saltiness!  Overall, it is not too bad.  For those of you who need something dark to drink with your pizza, they also have a decent selection of brewskies, such as IPAs, hefes, etc.  If your in the mood for pizza, don't hesitate to hit this spot up, your in for some SERIOUS PIZZA!This pizza is some serious biz...We saw a bunch of people waiting outside and we were dreading the wait time since it was pass 8p.We walked in and were immediately seated since there was only 2 of us. SCORE!!!Small hole in the wall. Capacity is probably less than 40 people with just a few high community tables for larger parties and 3 small high tables in the back that sits for 2.Our server presented the specials for the night and took our drink orders. Whistling Pig Hef (bottled local beer) was $4.We decided to split a pizza and ordered the special of the night ($16). A pizza with parm creme sauce, garlic crisper, crispy basil, chili flakes and fried capers.The crust is in between a thin and thick crust. Just right! Pizza had very good flavor and was just enough to share with 2 people.For dessert we had the budino, which was a chocolate pudding ($8). It had salted caramel that topped it and it was delish!!!Service was great with good eats, but be prepared to wait if it's a busy night!Casual atmosphere, great comfort food and friendly staff.  Seating is a little tight and noise level is average.  Would highly recommend.I love Serious Pie.  My son and I go there and love their different kind of salads as well as pizza.  It is nice to get a variety.We checked out Tom Douglas' newest endeavor Serious Pie last Friday. There are some nifty features: a window onto the Bakery, group tables and some great wrought iron Holly Hunt meets Ironware International style chandeliers. The menu was small but appetizing enough and affordable.We all ordered Beet salads and a blended wine and settled into our usual engaging conversation, well except we had to shout to hear each other. After a short period of time and many moments of group silence, we fell into conversations with whomever was next to us and essentially gave up on trying to talk across the table.The couple next to our group also fell too often silent and had to ease their aching throats with numerous glasses of water after every attempt at talking.I would suggest that the restaurant re-think all the hard surfaces in such a small space and try to bring some fabric in. Even padded fabric panels with some sort of front design that went half way down the bakery windows might help to absorb some of the sound with out ruining the view and feeling of space.We ordered the Wild Mushroom with Truffle Cheese (the best I thought), the classic Margarita and the Potato pizza. All were good but none of them were great. The mushroom was satisfying for a few of us but fell short for the rest, the Margarita was okay, but not done in the classic style and with a little too little ingredients and the Potato was way more potato than pizza and nearly sent me into a carb induced coma. I didn't mind that the pizzas were square and served on cutting boards but some of our group preferred a round pizza. It is likely that with the limited table space the square shape is more comfortable for the table.After waiting over an hour for only alright pizza and leaving with soar throats, had us all wishing that we had gone to Via Tribunali instead.I would recommend it, as it is Tom Douglas and it was good, but maybe lunch would be a better deal, and the bakery would be open so you'd have that as added entertainment.Snooty Pizza. My friend tried to order a coke and they don't have any form of pop here. You have to drink wine with your pizza (or yes, possibly beer). But really, who drinks wine with pizza? We ordered an heur d'ouevre which was ok but small. I chose the stinky cheese pizza because I do like stinky cheese. It also had broccoli on it (as well as onions) which made the whole pizza rather overwhelming. Our friends also had their fancy-pants pizzas which I tried and they were fine, but nothing to get excited over. If you want to get a feel for portion size, I would say 3/4 a pizza makes a meal. Maybe you could split if you did appetizers. Just because you use "truffle" cheese does not make pizza special or good. In addition to all this the dining area is almost intentionally tiny. The waiting area is inconvenient and awkward. We felt out of place standing in the middle of the room and waiting for the obligatory hour. It seems like others have had different experiences, but oh well. Perhaps I am particularly harsh on Serious Pie because I had high expectations. If I had happened upon it, I probably would have liked it.Excellent and non-traditional pizzas a plenty at Serious Pie. The service is hit-or-miss, although the food more than makes up for it. Go there with a group and everyone will find their own kind of pizza to get; then you all can sample each others! If you don't like trying new things, this might not be the place for you to go as I didn't really recognize most of the ingredients on their pizza and ended up just choosing the one that sounded the best to me without having too much of an idea what I would actually end up with. I wasn't disappointed with the results though, everything tasted great.Can get kind of crowded, when I went there with some friends we had a 40 minute wait. After dropping my name and cell phone number we wandered over to The Whiskey Bar and threw a few down before my phone rang to tell us that our table was ready. I generally don't look too fondly on waiting for food, let alone a table; I mean, 40 minutes to wait for a table, another 10-15 before you place your order and another 15-20 for your meal to actually come out. All that time is cutting into my late-night drinking plans dammit! But I digress, the wait was more than worth it; their pizza was amazingly tasty and the dinner salad delicious.The Background:Most weekends I make my own pizzas from scratch, except the cheese and that's only because my yard isn't big enough for a cow or two. So what I'm saying is, I love pizza. I love to make pizza. I love to eat pizza. I love to share pizza.The Highlights:I loved that they were willing to cram different groups into the same tables. Communal dining is a lost art in our modem age, and while I really didn't want to hear the oh so idealistic and all too immature post-collegiate date stories from the pair to my right, I was ecstatic that they gave me the opportunity to be just that distainful. Thanks! The rest of the environment was actually pleasantly simple but cramped.Their pizza was mostly a creative balance of the usual and the unexpected, and the dough itself was respectable.The Rest:Overpriced, undersized, scant toppings, and a thoroughly pretentious experience. Overly loud environment, indifferent service, and poor beverage selection. Serious Pie? Really? Kudos for the effort, but it's only about 75% there.My boyfriend told me several times before we came here that it would "change my life!"  He was quite serious about it too, it was pretty cute.  So with that sort of introduction I was really worried about it falling flat.We ordered two pizzas, the buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato and the roasted mushrooms with truffle cheese.  The buffalo mozzarella was good, definitely 4 star worthy, but not life changing.  We ordered an olive appetizer platter and I thought putting some olives on the pizza would have made it extra tasty.  Then the life changing moment came.  The truffle pizza...I will never look at pizza the same again.  I can't even describe how happy my mouth was, so I won't try.  The crust on the pizza is really thin, so a big eater could easily devour a pizza in one sitting.  I probably could have stopped halfway through and saved the other half for dinner...but I didn't want to.  I couldn't leave any of that truffle goodness behind!The place was pretty crowded (and LOUD!) for a Friday at lunchtime.  We didn't have to wait for a table but I saw one or two groups that had to sit and wait for a few minutes.SERIOUSLY, Serious Pie! Come to New York. PLEASE. Now, I know this sounds blasphemous -- a New Yorker asking a Seattle pizza joint to come to NY with its non-NY-style pizza, but we New Yorkers love variety, and as variety-loving folks we need to loosen up our pizza snobbery and respect that there is other good pizza out there. Serious Pie, I seriously respect what you've got goin' on there under all them tomatoes (or lack thereof).After getting a recommendation from some locals at a nearby sake bar, my beau and I sauntered over to Serious Pie, which despite a line for a table seated us within five minutes of arrival. We split the pork belly appetizer (pork belly! at a pizza place!!), which was served over a delicious arugula salad. The pork belly was incredibly tender and succulent, with a wonderful seared quality that gave it nice duality of crispy and tender textures. This was followed by a truffle mushroom pizza (no tomatoes), on an incredibly flaky crust that was rather thin, but held its own like a champ. These were washed down with local Seattle brews, which were also excellent. The grand total for a five-star appetizer, competitive pizza, and craft beers was $42. Not bad at all.One thing I hate about myself is my inability to accept good pizza simply because it's not what I remember it to be from my days growing up in Jersey.  I think today, after my visit to Serious Pie, I'm on the road to recovery.It's not your typical run of the mill pizza, but what it lacks in form, it more than makes up for in taste and originality.  Their simple menu offers about 8 or so options of toppings, ranging from penn cove clams to fennel sausage to yukon gold potatoes; any and all delicious.  Cooked in a wood-fired clay oven, each personal pizza comes out hot and fresh and oh so delicious.  Add on a Mexican coke and you've got yourself one satisfying meal.I'm not sure if I'll be rushing back on a regular basis, admittedly it's a little on the pricey side, and I'm not in the downtown area all too often to just pop in on a whim.  Though, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a unique and tasty take on this popular Italian treat.  Tom Douglas, you cheeky bastard, you've done it again.I've been here a few times...and every time I just walk away a little disappointed.  I really want to like this place, but I can't find anything too redeeming about it except the crust.  The crust is tasty...but I mean, that's not enough.I've ordered the yukon gold potato pizza and the chanterelle pizzas, but I've also gotten a taste of the cherry bomb pepeprs and sausage and the delicata squash pizza from others.  It was agreed by almost everyone at the table that the delicata squash with gorgonzola cheese was just WAY overpowering.  The cheese was placed as huge chunks and when you got a bite with cheese in it, it just overpowered the squash.  Everything else was just...ok.  Oh, wait, I had the italian bread soup with cannellini and kale and that was pretty tasty.I don't know if they're trying too hard or what...but I just feel like it doesn't live up to the expectations.  I'm a big fan of Tom Douglas, I just think that this is a bit lackluster for the price I'm paying.Alrighty, this place is SERIOUS... and when I say serious, I mean SERIOUSLY AWESOME. My friend and I came during happy hour, so we didn't have to wait for a table at all :) The ambiance is really chill and there are tons of windows, as well as high tables with comfy chairs... so it's an ideal spot for people watching if you're into that sort of thing.Because it was HH (from 3-5pm every weekday), half pizzas were only $6, plus they had some other really great appetizer specials, as well as drink specials! I ordered two pizzas for myself and fell in love with both of them!!! The chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza was pretty outstanding, especially because they also lightly dusted the crust with some garlic... but I thought the chunks of mushroom were a little too big for my liking. It was still friggin' amazing, though - they seriously have THE best pizza crust I've ever tasted. It's so light, flaky, airy, and crispy...ahhhhhhmaaaazing! But the pizza that I still can't get out of my mind is undoubtedly the sweet fennel sausage with roasted red peppers.. oh my goodness. All of the flavors just blended perfectly together! The chunks of ground sausage were really fresh and the fennel added a nice kick. I added some extra crushed chili pepper flakes, which really made the pizza kickin' with spice! I wish we had a pizza like this in LA, but I have yet to find one that matches up.We also got a chance to try one of their appetizers, which was decent...but nowhere near as stellar as the pizza. We ordered buttery crostini, which came with a sweet apricot jam, as well as some cured salami. It was pretty decent and a unique take on crostini, but nothing special. They also had a special on a non-alcoholic drink of the day, which turned out to be a watermelon soda. It was really fresh and came served in a mason jar, which was an amazing steal for just $2.50! They also had a root beer float shooter on the menu for HH, but unfortunately I didn't have room left for that... despite the fact that I pretty much have a bottomless stomach. Oh, and I'm not ashamed of it either. :) Parking seems like it can be kind of a pain, especially since most of the surrounding lots are pricey...but I guess that's normal of most downtown cities!I'm not going to lie -- this place can be intimidating.  When we looked over the menu, we were like... uhhh... what is this?  And this?  And that?  We were totally out of our elements because we were really only familiar with ingredients that are offered by Pizza Hut.  After asking our server basically every other item on the menu, eventually I decided on the pork cheek, soft egg, and arugula pizza.  When my pizza came, my friend saw the arugula and was like, "Hey! Your pizza has grass on it!"  I really enjoyed the textures of the soft egg yolk, the chewy pork cheeks, and the raw arugula on the flat bread.  The only issue I had with the restaurant is that it is really small.  I felt like I was a third wheel to the couple next to us because I was unintentionally eavesdropping on them.  Because of that, I was afraid to speak too loudly to my friend regarding anything of substance.   We ended up ordering dessert as well and I got the apple crostada.  My friend ordered the chocolate budino without knowing what budino means, but she didn't really care since though because it had the word chocolate in it.  I just had to tease her when I saw her budino by asking her, "How's your $8 chocolate pudding cup?" She retorts with, "How's your $7 toaster strudel?"    I like it.  The desserts are a little overpriced though so I think we'd only come back for the pizza.For someone who, at one point, had eaten 11 pieces of pizza in one sitting (that's a large pizza, btw), I was a little afraid to see what the portions would be like due to the reviews I've read.  Mind you, that was almost 20 years ago, but whatever.  I can still put it away!We started off w/ the Italian bread soup.  OMG.  This is the kind of soup you want to have on every cold day and especially on days when you might be fighting a cold.  I think I might try to duplicate this at home!And then our pizzas came out.1.  potato, rosemary goodness2.  cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausageARE YOU PEOPLE F*CKING CRAZY?  These pizzas were perfect!  I'd never even dream about putting carbs on carbs, but the potato pizza was so.  friggin.  good.The staff was awesome - very courteous, friendly, and ON IT!  The food prompt, and the space, if I were ever to open/own a restaurant, was the perfect size.Next up:  buffalo mozz pizza.  And dessert.And yes, we ate our pizza for breakfast the next morning.  Don't judge.  That shit is goooood.During a recent visit to Seattle, I tagged along with my two comrades for some lunch, and found ourselves at Serious Pie.There's a lot to like about this place.  I liked the environment, with the high tables that puts parties next to each other in an intimate and cozy, but comfortable sort of way.I also like the adventurous menu items.  We had a truffle, mushroom, potato pizza and the "green eggs and ham" which had poached eggs, pancetta and arugula.  Both were unique and festive, but neither completely worked for one reason or another.I'd be inclined to give a higher rating, but it felt like 50 bucks for 2 personal pizzas, a salad, and 3 fancy sodas was slightly unnecessary.I did enjoy watching the casual diners enjoy their food, and chill out with a glass of wine on a Thursday mid-afternoon.Serious Pie is a great pizza place in Belltown.  A low-hung ceiling with wooden rafters and walls made of warm exposed brick make the look and feel of this restaurant an intimate, yet communal dining experience.  ("Communal" meaning that your table *may* be shared with another party if you only find yourself dining with a handful of folks.)For the unsure, go into your experience here with confidence and try whatever strikes you as interesting on the menu.  My party of four (I was the lone girl) shared three appetizers and three pies, along with two pitchers of beer AND a dessert and found it to be the perfect amount of food.  The Cherrybomb Peppers & Spicy Sausage pie was Ahhh-may-zing!  OH, and the crostada and currants for dessert was purrrrrfect!I'm so glad I came here and will be recommending this place to friends of mine who have yet to try Serious Pie.This is a review by a vegetarianIt grew on me. On first slice I wasn't all that impressed but once it cooled just a tad to keep everything from running around it was quite tasty. I wouldn't drive around in hideous traffic in the rain again looking for parking only to have a 30 minute wait. But I enjoyed my meal there. I'd advise take out but not sure how this product would hold more than 15min out of the ovenThe basic pie I had again showed the folly of uppity scale pizza places these days: the crusts work *way* better for sauceless pie and sag a bit when there's actual tomato stuff on top.As a veg person, my exposure to Tom Douglas has been primarily via drinks and dessert - hot chefs tend to involve an awful lot of meat in their fame-grabbing cuisine, so my tribe tends to be excluded. And I must admit, I was a bit skeptical of haute cuisine in regards to pizza. I am not a huge pizza fan, I admit - my first real job (I'm snorting as I type "real") was at Little Caesar's, and believe me, it was the longest 7 months of my life, and I probably ate my weight in pizza. Due to that, I really feel like I'm done.Serious Pie was pretty good, Crow & I got in early (like 5:15 early) on a Wednesday night, so we had our choice of seats - I'd recommend the two top back corner barstools and tables, a little quieter. Nice ambiance, a pretty small, low-lit, warm place. I was starving and Crow was only mildly hungry, so we originally opted to share a pizza and split a starter, but we were discouraged from that by our server, and not knowing how big the pizzas are, we took the advice and ordered our own pies - mozzarella di buffala and tomato for me, and some sausage creation for him (again with the meat), and a large beet salad to share.I'm not all that into beets, but this salad - amazing!! It was made with both classic red & golden beets (I prefer the golden, they're a little more on the mellow side), but what really made this a phenomenal salad was the mint. I know, mint and beets, sounds weird and maybe a little gross, but it was fantastic! After the out of this world salad, the pizza fell a little flat. For starters, the suggestion that we each order our own because one wouldn't be enough to share was not true, we each left with half a pizza. Crow was pretty happy with his meaty delight, and mine was a pretty typical cheese pizza, not bad but nothing too exciting. All in all, a good meal, good ambiance, AMAZING salad, and a bill a little bigger that I'd like to pay for two small pizzas and a salad. Will I go back? Maybe for the salad. Just a warning: if you're looking for just a slice or an extra large pie, go about 8 blocks down to Zeeks at 5th & Denny, there are no sizes but small.The most awesome pies.  The truffle cheese with whatever seasonal mushroom they have is always my favorite.  I'm only taking a tick off the stars for the price.  It's a bit on the expensive side, but I still love it.  Try the kale salad.  Delicious!Great pizza, great 'scene'.  Not too long a wait on a Saturday night at 8pm - granted, I was with my date, making it two of us, so take note - this is not the greatest place to show up with a bunch of people.  Its small and popular, so you will wait if your in a group.I think people need to get out of their heads:  "This is a Tom Douglas restaurant -  I want to be Tom Douglased..."  This is a pizza joint.  It serves really good, really unique pizza in a cool, cozy and funky atmosphere.  I'm a pizza eater / lover - I really liked it.  But I'm not a pizza afficianado / professional, so don't take it from me.  Via a transpiring business relationship involving pizza / pizza restaurants (sounds kind of funny), an 'associate' of mine went around tasting pizza in Seattle with a gentleman who has started 2 pizza restaurants in Asia and 5 in the US.  Beyond the business side, this guy is a PIZZA FREAK - an afficianado AND a professional.  He makes his own crust like people craft and hone their own beers and wine.  A serious fanatic.  Of all the pizza places he tasted, he thought - for whatever it's worth - that serious pie was by far the best!  No questions asked.As long as we're on the topic of pizza - eastlake romio's pizza - a different style altogether - but oh...my...goodness....it's good!  So is serious pie.  Forget tom douglas.  this is good pizza!A Weekday Lunch:Good pies, but not worth the price.Also features a quite sparse pretentiously obscure booze selection.C'mon people.  It's effing pizza!  Give me a cheap-ass Rainier with it.Costco can keep their membership, long lines, time sucking, miserable experience.   Go Winco!!Seriously good pizza with amazing toppings, but overrated. It is good, but I can't justify a high rating.Reasons:1) I would describe the pizzas as mini-pizzas at $15-17 each.  Expect to eat at least two pizzas between two people.  2) Unless you are with a big group of people, you eat at a communal table next to people you don't know.  3) Expect to wait up to an hour for a seat.ehhhh. So I'm a pizza lover...and I'm all for paying top dollar for some bomb diggity pizza, but I didn't think that the gourmet toppings at this place made for something incredble. They were good, dont get me wrong, hence the 4 stars. But...it won't leave you blown away. The ingredients are the kinds of stuff you pass by in the farmers market and think, "man I wish I knew how to cook with these bougie shrooms" or "dizam who pays that much for greens?". So the price ($15-20) for an average sized thin crust pizza I would say is fair. But, being the food monster that I am, left hungry after dropping $25ish.And, just like everyone else's review says, the place is small and the wait can be long (we waited 40 min on a sunday night). I would say its cool to try once, but I'm not putting it on my must-have list.My first Tom Douglas experience. Name says it all! That is some "SERIOUS" pie! MMm Mmmm!Why can't I find a place like you in California? This is seriously the best pizza I have ever eaten! First, the starter: Braised octopus, crispy pancetta, and sunchokes. So simple yet packed with so much flavor. Everything was a perfect balance. So fresh and so delicious.The pie: I wanted to order the special but my boyfriend insisted on the yellowfoot chanterelles, truffle cheese pizza and I'm SO glad he did. I'm usually a fan of the deep dish pan pizza and this is what Serious Pie is not, which is why I was pleasantly surprised. The crust is wood-fired, thin, and almost has the texture of an English Muffin. Who knew that a mushroom and cheese pizza could be packed with that much flavor?! When Yelp asks what my last meal on Earth would be, this is what I want! And I want LOTS of it! I was trying to pinpoint where that extra hint of flavor came from -- sea salt! Seattle loves sea salt (and cream cheese) so if you're visiting, be prepared to have one or the other (or both) in your food throughout your stay. Also, either come early or accept that you're going to experience a long wait because the venue is small and it gets crowded! So be prepared to rub elbows with a stranger because they will pack you in like sardines in a can. Don't worry though, every bite is worth the wait!More like 3.5 stars.  And I'll do this quickly.  We had two pizzas, both very good but not fantastic.  We preferred the olive and grape one.  this pizza gets 4 stars, but the other one (chanterelle) gets only 3.Olives and grape pizza -- who would've thought grapes would be so good on pizza.  they are.Chanterelle pizza --  very savory.  a wee-bit bland.  maybe could use more salt.  (i liked putting olives that had fallen off the other pizza onto this one).I don't think there was any sauce on either one.  And I love sauce.  But I still liked this.I felt very pressured to give this place a higher rating. It's a Tom Douglas restaurant, it's been given an average of 4 stars by the hundreds of reviewers before me... So what gives? I thought the pies were.. okay. I had my doubts about the Yukon pizza (Yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino) b/c I'm not a starch on starch fan. The other patrons on our table (shared tables) said it was great so I thought, why not? The result. Starch on starch. It wasn't that great. We also got two other pizzas - the roasted chantrelle with truffle cheese - not bad - and the cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage pie - the closest of all three to a typical pizza. Again, not bad but honestly, I wouldn't say they were the most amazing pies I've ever had. In fact, the chantrelle one was a tad too salty for me. My pizza was not burnt but I did see a few on other folks' plates that had some blackish bubbles. The service was great, the price was a bit on the pricier side but nothing too much to balk at. So there you go! Definitely try it out. It may be your cup of tea - or slice of pie!Before I even begin, let me say this: if you share this review with any of my fellow New Yorkers, I will DENY DENY DENY. That said...This was the best pizza I have ever eaten. My girlfriend and I arrived in Seattle in the late-ish evening with empty stomachs. We walked in to Serious Pie and were told that it would be an hour wait. We almost told them "no thanks," but something stopped us. I guess it was destiny.I had the plan Margherita pizza, and my girlfriend had a pie with chanterelle mushrooms, truffled cheese, and some kind of herb. Once the pies arrived, we didn't even make eye contact, just shoveled pizza into our faces, grunting with joy. Two days later, prior to our departure, we came back and hijacked a pizza for lunch.Seriously. Best pizza I've ever eaten.I HATE PIZZA! But I LOVE Serious Pie!Don't call it pizza...the word, "pizza" will not prepare you! I had the chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza. The crust was crisp and thin, the toppings were perfect and it was the perfect size. I would give this place 5 stars except for the price. I'll pay a bit more for a good dish, but the prices here were a bit much. Maybe I'll come back for happy hour...Also, we came at 11 and it was empty, but by 12 it was packed. It's not a big place-so come earlier rather than later. Also, no reservations and no getting a table ahead for a large group and "saving" seats. They only seat the amount of people that are standing in front of them.Went back to Serious Pie with some friends, and were told we had an hour wait.  We patiently waited as the one hour stretched to two.  At the end of our wait another group was seated, a group that had only waited 15 minutes.  I called them out on this behavior as inexcusable, and was met with "we'll have you a seat in just a few minutes".  We left just as they were calling us back, and had a reasonably good meal around the corner at Palomino.I still think they have good pizza, but it's not worth the rotten treatment.  And, it's not a "2 hour wait" better than Palomino.  Not by a long shot.This is seriously the most delicious pizza I've ever had.  We had two pizzas--the soft egg pizza and the porcini, pancetta and wood violet pizza.  Both were scrumptious, with amazing chewy and tasty crust, and really fresh and interesting toppings.  The pizza stayed a nice consistency throughout the meal, so the last bite was as good as the first.  If/when I visit Seattle again, I will definitely come back and try more of their pizzas.Being one of the Tom Douglas' restaurants, Serious Pie does have a long waiting queue at night...but somehow the line did move quite fast (we stopped by around 7 o'clock on a Friday night and were told we had to wait 1 1/2 hr...are you kidding me?)...well, we did put our name down and, guess what?, we got a call from them around 40 min later that the table was ready for us (I guess many people just didn't want to wait long that they probably ended up at other Tom Douglas' restaurants nearby).The seating is small and pretty much every table is a communal table (meaning you would probably have to share the same table with other people if you don't have a party of 6 people). The menu is a bit limited (with about 5-6 appetizers and 5-6 choices of pizza), but all the menu selection had good quality ingredients. We ordered clams for appetizers (they were so fresh, juicy and tender!!) and lobster mushroom and truffle cheese pizza for the main course. This was my first time at Serious Pie and I actually thought their pizza dough tasted more like a soft, light bread than the typical heavy pizza dough that I expected.All in all the food was good and the pizza definitely had a different, unique (in a good way) taste than any other pizzas you would find elsewhere. If I were to go back again, I would avoid peak lunch/dinner times. Although the food was good, I'm not really sure if I ever wanted to wait that long just to eat there.I was pretty excited to try this place after seeing it featured on a Food Network Show. There was a 20 minute wait when we arrived Saturday afternoon. My loverman and I ordered the Porcini and Truffle Cheese pizza to share. The pizza was kind of strange and not what I expected. The taste was good and off all at the same time and for some reason it  reminded me of the taste of seaweed. Haha. It would've been 3 stars but I am NOT down with communal seating.Why are you even bothering to read this after over 600 rave reviews about pizza? Let's just say I knew it was great pizza when the pickiest princess pizza eater of a man I once knew could not stop obsessing about it.  I think we even fought about it..."No I will not have pizza two days in a row!!" This was me and my diet  talking, by the way, certainly not him. The crust and toppings were simply perfect. Having to share elbow space with the couple next to you, not so much. But this pizza makes up for it.Well this is probably too much information for Yelp but I think I've gotten my point across that the pizza here is the very best in the city.Killer spot for lunch. Had the garlic sausage pizza and it was great. Had a melon and speck salad to start and a Moretti to top it all off. Service was great and the pizza was some of the best I've had. The place is spendy for what you get- you're paying for the Tom Douglas reputation- but the food really is good. A place you should definitely try at least once. Get on it.Right around the corner from our favorite dahlia bakery, my sister and i roamed in around 2pm on friday. the waiter was friendly and gentle but not in the creepy way, just in the "i love pizza. seriously" kind of way...? he seemed really into the food....we got the special salad and the salumi pizza (apparently we got the last one of the day) with a mexican cola.everything was awesome! quite fresh and surprisingly light for a pizza. it's more like flatbread than pie but it's so good that you throw away any preconceived notions about what "pie" is. it's really quite serious, haha.two people, about $40 with tip.And the Tom Douglas tour continues!First off, the service here was phenomenal. Our server was SO sweet and genuinely happy to be there. She didn't try to upsell us, which I appreciated, and always tend to order more that way.Another plus for happy hour prices. $6 for a mini pie = phenomenal. If you're hungry, you can likely get full off of 2 mini pizzas, easily. Atmosphere - pretty cool. Had never sat at a communal table before like these. 6 people tables...when we came, we sat with two other groups. Mildly awkward, especially since the people next to us were particularly douchy, but it's not really a place where you linger for hours so it was all good.Parking...there's a sketchy lot nearby. We paid $7 to park but if you're lucky, you might find street parking. Now for the food...I admire the innovation and creativity that went into these pizzas but I was disappointed. They all sounded phenomenal - and were clearly better than Domino's/Papa John's/etc. but was still lacking. I had the Yukon/Rosemary pizza and the fennel sausage. My husband had the Yukon & Mozzarella/San Marzano tomato pizza. Verdict? Liked the mozzarella/San Marzano the best. Then the fennel. Then the Yukon. The crust on all three was too burnt for my liking. The Yukon had too much rosemary (maybe I just don't like it?) and the sausage on the fennel pizza was awesome but that was probably the most redeeming part. A little disappointed, we tried the desserts which were, in my opinion, much better. Chocolate bodino (which is a chocolate pudding with salted caramel) was incredible! Cannolis...meh. I don't like cannolis with a lot of fruit and these tasted like they had too much orange. For 4 mini pies and 2 desserts, it came to about $44. I've had better...but it's worth trying at least once.I DREAM ABOUT SERIOUS PIE ALL THE TIME.I would travel back to Seattle just to eat here. seriously.We only got to try two of the pies... Sadly. But they were both amazing.The truffle + It's been a while so I don't remember the other one except that it had pumpkin(?) in it and it was so good!After walking by Serious Pie many times, we finally were able to make it into here for dinner.  The place is small and packed - really glad we came here early (around 5:30).  If you're looking for a small table, this isn't the place for you, as it's mostly arranged as high bar tables that people share.  One thing I do love - hooks under the each table for purses and other smaller items.  It's a great way to keep things from knocking over or getting in the way in such a small space.The prices here aren't cheap.  The pizzas are on average in the $16-20 range.  They aren't you standard round pizzas, more of an oval shape.  The selection isn't huge, but it is pretty easy to find something for everyone.  The duck confit pizza was a big hit at our table, as was the daily special with tomatoes and prosciutto.  I don't know if this is standard, or it just happened to be the pizzas that we ordered, but most of the pizzas had a little kick to it - kind of like there was some chili powder that had been sprinkled onto the crust in the kitchen.  The crusts were absolutely amazing; I would totally have loved to just eat the crusts as breadsticks any day of the week.  The only thing I was less than happy about was that one of our pizzas did get a little too burnt to the point where I just couldn't finish my crust.  We also got two salads that I highly recommend - the honeycrisp apple salad (which comes with hazelnuts and blue cheese) and a kale salad.  The apple salad was not you standard green salad with diced apples - it really was an apple salad, no greens.  We were surprised when it showed up, but believe me, the quality of the apples and the taste are just *wow*.  Both were portioned for sharing amongst two, but since there were four of us and two salads, we did manage to share between all of us.  Salads seemed to run around $7-10 each.I didn't have anything to drink, but the rest of the dinner party did.  There seemed to be a good selection on tap.  I think that I will definitely come back again - and maybe for happy hour (I hear pricing is way better during HH).  The location is within easy walking from the Westlake Center and there are tons of parking garages (with reasonable evening rates) within a block making it easy to get to versus some of the other downtown restaurants.  The only thing I didn't like was our server.  He was always looming, but never filling water glasses (I'm pregnant so all I do these days it seems is drink tons of water.).  On more than one occasion I had to ask for water even though he had walked by and looked at our table multiple times and should have noticed that my glass was empty.  One time I grabbed my hubby's water glass and started drinking out of there right in front of our server and all he did was ask 5 minutes later if my hubby wanted another beer.  Uhm, how about some water dude?!Don't get me wrong the ingredients were fresh and the pizza was good.I just feel like this place is over-hyped and too pricey. It also has a bit of a burnt taste which some people enjoy, but I don't.In my opinion, not a must have if you're in Seattle. Unless you really love pizza and are curious about the 1,000+ reviews, go for it!I bookmarked this place a month in advance.By no surprise there was a wait, I gave the lady my name and she said it will be roughly 30 minutes and that she'll call when it's ready.  Our party wandered the streets of Seattle only to be called 15 minutes later and that 3 seats opened.  SCORE!Note #1:  Serious Pie will cram you and your party into any available table.  Due to the popularity and the small space, you better be ok with sitting next to complete strangers.Despite there being a small selection for pizzas, I had a hard time selecting and decided to choose a random one (since I guarantee to be back again), yellowfoot chanterells with truffle cheese and pancetta.Crust:  The BEST pizza crust I've had.  Thin, yet it was slightly chewy, but not too chewy.  It was as if you were eating a cloud.Cheese:  Truffle is very rich flavor and smell, but Serious was delicate with the amount they put on.  Also, I'm the type of guy that will order extra cheese, but Serious uses it sparingly.  It's almost nonexistent when you look at it, but it's there and very good.Can't wait to go back.Flat bread gourmet pizza and New York Style pizza met and came to agreement and made Serious pie (Thanks Tom) A very fresh ingredients and pretty big but a little pricey pie.I had the Cherry bomb. peppers, sausage and basil with fresh mozo cheese the result...pretty darn good..not great or life changing  but good, being from NY it was good to taste a gourmet pizza that had the characteristics of a pie from back east with a gourmet west coast touch.The waitress was very friendly and attentive and the decor was hip with trendy art, green paint and brick.this is more 3.5 but I feel that I would come here again and bring people but felt the food was OK in it's genre.Serious pies are some of the best I've ever had (this coming from a Chicago-born pizza expert!)SP definitely exercises restraint with their toppings, so you never end up with a greasy, extra-cheesy, meat-lovers type of pizza. what you do get are a nice balance of high-quality ingredients, excellent crust, and an oblong-shaped pie that's the perfect "personal" size.Pepper/sausage and clam/pancetta pizzas are my favorites. whatever you order, I highly recommend washing it down with some vino or cold Italian beer. ahhhhh, heaven!Being a tight space, it can be hard to get a table. No worries! Put your name on the list and walk a few feet down to the Dahlia Lounge bar for a cocktail until it's time to head back up. Or, round the corner to Dahlia Bakery for another kind of serious pie (triple coconut, of course)!4.5 Stars Location: Nice spot in downtown, very easy to find. Service: Average. For a small place, kinda got our request slow. Also our waitress muttered something a little rude after i had as for a box, as if i did not hear her, but I did. Food: So we tried the braised pork belly, apricot mostarda, arugula, pistachios to start. A very good way to begin a meal, pig fat and beer. I didnt taste much apricot, but it was there. The pork was absolutely fabulous. Soft and tender, while the skin was crispy. Probably on my top 5 in all time pork belly. We then had the King trumpet truffle cheese pizza. Not much of a fan of truffle these days, only because many places use 2,4-Dithiapentane to imitate the truffle, and you can clearly tell the difference if you have ever had a real fresh truffle. The Pizza was ok, very aromatic in truffle, and pairing with the king trumpet was good. definitely fun to try. I want to try the duck egg selection next timeSanitation: Clean, very confident to put a glass window where the food is made. That makes me feel better knowing the outcome of the dish is cleanOverall: Very fun place, but if you are going to try it, make sure to reserve a spot. We were fortunate to find a table for lunch, and every time we passed by, tables were always full, and people waiting.One thing about serious pie that should be applauded is that when there's a wait for a table, they'll offer to take down your phone number and call you when a table is ready. Why all places don't do this, I will never know. They took our number, we went for drinks at lola, and when they called 25 minutes later, we were back in under 5 minutes. Everyone wins. Hell, Tommy Douglas got our business twice that night.I really liked the character of the place, the seating style, and the service was excellent. Unfortunately, I wasn't crazy about the pizza. It was too greasy and, in most cases, the ingredients were too overwhelming. Call me a wise guy, but I like some subtlety to my pizza.After living here for 5 years, I finally got to try Serious Pie near 4th and Virginia downtown this week.  I've been looking to try all the best known pizzerias here in and around the city.  So far, I do have a couple of favorites, which I'll review a little later. For those of you that don't know, Serious Pie is one of Tom Douglas' restaurants.  I've walked by it on several occasions while I'm downtown but haven't been able to sit down for a bite because it's usually packed when I see the place.  I was able to check it out during "happy hour" time during the week, so it wasn't too busy.  The seating is bistro style with communal tables (large shared tables).  The chairs are very comfortable and the atmosphere is very laid-back.  I liked being able to see the pizzas coming out of the oven near the front of the store.  Plus, the service was very friendly and attentive without being too annoying.  The pizza selections are very original.  They're known for their yukon gold potato pizza, as well as their cherry bomb "pie".  I was able to try the special of the day.....pancheta, green garlic, and some sort of fresh mustard greens.  It was an original combination, which I loved.  The crust resembles that of a chewy and crunchy naan bread (which I also love).  The serving is sort of on the Neopolitan side, which means it's semi-light and not as filling for those serious pizza eaters.  However, the ingredients are definitely fresh and very tasty.  I was able to sample the pear dessert with butterscotch something (sorry, forgot what it was again).  It came with a very tasty pudding on the side.  The pizza was a little pricier than other joints, but the quality was worth it.  I'm just glad I finally got to try it out since so many of my friends have told me about it.  I do recommend trying out this pizza place downtown.  I'll most likely be there again.Seattle needs a lesson in pizza. A tortilla with some sauce and toppings on it is NOT pizza. I yearn for my home state of N.Y. where good pizza is plentiful. Serious PIe is good, but really over-hyped and WAY too expensive. Also the family-style seating is odd.Serious deliciousness...need I say anything else?Yes- serious perfection. The end.I had an absolutely delicious experience but dang, does it get hot with the wood-burning ovens in such a small space!cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage = delicious!house salumi, caramelized onions, sardegna = YUM!I appreciate that you can get carafes of house wine.  That seems to be a dying trend that is really sad to see go.  Decanted wine (in tumblers, preferred) is such a friendly communal type of thing.  It really adds something to the atmosphere.I will be back to try the pizza with penn cove clams, house pancetta, and lemon thyme FOR SURE!Serious Pie: Now, that's some Serious Pie! Best pizza in Seattle, by far. This place could definitely compete with some of the top places in in SF. I ate dinner here by myself while on a business trip. When the order came to my table and I tasted that first bite, my eyes rolled in the back of my head and I murmered, "Mmmmm" multiple times throughout my meal. Yup, I was grateful I was eating alone.I ordered the pie with mangalitsa ham, soft egg, and wild arugula. The dough was a little chewier and more substantial than most the uber thin crust style pizzas I'm used to eating (e.g. Zero Zero or Delfina in SF). But, it was the perfect consistency to keep the crust from getting too soggy with the oily goodness of the cheese. And boy was that cheese flavorful. The egg was soft cooked on top, slightly runny, and PERFECT with the salted ham and bitter arugula. Party in my mouth. No--make that a rave!Wait staff was super friendly. Must be something in the Seattle air.It's been a while since I've Yelped...Ahh, don't hurt me!! =(I honestly had no idea what to expect when my friend told me we were going to Serious Pie for lunch. I'm rather adventurous when it comes to food (as long as it's not spicy) and I'd be down for anything and I probably wouldn't ask too many questions until I actually get to the restaurant. We walked into the restaurant. Small-ish, quaint, comfy, nice ambiance. I like it already!  Honestly, it did seem like a pretty serious place. That might actually be because we went on a weekday during lunch hour in downtown Seattle... it was crowded with businessmen and women in their business outfits. Serious Pie was very serious that day.I wouldn't worry too much. You don't have to go their in a full business outfit or anything. I was dressed very casually and it was just fine. Here's a shocker, they don't really serve pie...it's PIZZA!  I mean, I knew that Pizza can also be called Pie, but it wasn't a term I used very often to call pizza. So when my friend said "Pie" I thought ...well...pies. Shepherds Pie, Apple pie, ya know....pies!Anyways, we ordered and shared the Yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino for $16. It was amazing. Absolutely great! So fresh! They were definitely "serious" about making their pizzas taste really unique and it pays offWhy 4 stars then? Well, the place is small...a little too small. I felt like I was sharing my conversation with the next table over. It's kind of a big issues for me... I like having one-on-one conversations and not feel nervous about what the next table can hear and I definitely don't want to be interrupted by their conversation either. Other than that, I'd highly recommend for anyone to go and try their PIES!This is a place I have been wanting to try for a long time and finally did it.Tried the happy hour here and not only will I be back for that but will be back to try a dinner.  The personal sized pizzas are so delicious.  We tried out five different ones and I thing the sausage fennel and the yukon potato are my favorites.  They were all good.The service was great and prices are pretty good especially during happy hour.This place would originally get two stars.  But they had decent service and gave us a pizza on the house because they took 30+ minutes too bring it out.  Overall this place stinks and is not what everyone raves over.  Well at least my friend was raving about it all weekend to go here.  Im a big fan of pizza and this pizza was fake gourmet.  After the second slice, you get so sick of the pizza and you REAK like oven melts after eating here.  And the pricing? If youre on a budget, don't bother. It'll eat out your two days worth of a 3 meal a day budget.  NOT worth $18 a pizza. The only thing i enjoyed was the comfy seats and that the pictures taken of the pizza looked really well on my camera despite the eh taste.Seriously some of my favorite pie. Took the advice of our hosts and when we were in Seattle for the day we made our way over to Serious Pie for lunch. Wish we would not have stopped at Beecher's on the way because it was heartbreaking to be so full after two pieces. We shared the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers and provolone pie. The sausage exploded with flavor on our tongue. The crust of the pie was perfectly done with out overcooking the toppings. I don't know how they do it, but they've definitely got it all figured out. The cheese, while there, didn't overwhelm the pizza. It was more about the sausage and peppers which was fine for this flavor loving girl. The staff was friendly and after paying our check sent us on our way with a bag of focaccia bread made from their pizza dough. Best doggy bag treat. Made a super snack for our hosts when we returned to Birch Bay. Seriously stopping by here again the next time we're in Seattle.Admittedly, I am not a pizza person. I would much rather have sushi or seafood, or homemade hummus. That's not to say that I won't eat pizza at all, but if I had my choice, it wouldn't be the Papa John's on the corner...and hell no to the Papa Murphy's. Thank God for Tom Douglas. I love Etta's, that crazy expensive, but fantastically amazing joint he has near the Pike Place market. So when I heard he had a pizza joint as well, no I didn't jump at the chance, since it is pizza, but I figured I'd go ahead and give it a try. Now I can say that I like pizza--as long as it's fancy and frou frou.I had the pizza with greens and topped with an egg which might sound bizarre, but was absolutely fantastic. My son had one covered in clams...ohmygosh, heavenly! Almost as good as the squid pizza I had in Oakland--yeah, that's right squid pizza (and it was fantastic!) The crust was thin and crisp, but my one complaint is that part of the crust was burnt on one side. I was noticing that some of the other customers were getting the same thing, so I don't know if they need to rotate the pies while cooking or what...far be it from me to tell Tom what to do, but that's about the only negative I have in an otherwise yummy experience.We went on a night when things were bumpin' and we had to share a table for part of the meal with a father and son who apparently were having a serious conversation about his choices in college. So yeah, if you're looking for an intimate setting to make goo-goo eyes at your significant other, then you might head over to another restaurant (Etta's?) but if you just want some Serious Pie (ha!) then get to this place.My lady took me here for Valentine's Day cause I'd been wanting to try it, then Patton Oswalt tweeted about it once at Bumbershoot and that clinched it. Also, I think Tom Douglas is a great guy, someone I'd like to hug but I also don't want a restraining order so I'll stick to his food.We ordered duck gizzards as an appetizer, which sounds kinda weird but stay with me. The gizzards were covered in what I think they call tuna confetti (which I think should be thrown at weddings for the birds) and lying on a bed of dandelion greens. It might sound gross, true, but this was amazingly tasty. For pizza I ordered the guanciale and soft egg pizza while the lady had the sweet fennel sausage. The guanciale was excellent and I guess soft egg is a popular foodie thing and it should be cause it's damn tasty.  The fennel sausage was an excellent, flavor-packed treat.I cannot recommend this Patton Oswalt approved pizza joint more.Great pizza.This is a great place for gourmet pie. Warning: this is not NY style pizza. They serve large personal pies. While I prefer traditional pizza being a traditional purist. But I think that these guys are the Nirvana of gourmet pie. Try any pie that doesn't have fruit on it and I think you'll enjoy. I am pizza critic and I did.I'm pretty sure it's called serious pie, because it's SERIOUSLY the best pizza I've ever had.  Seriously. I highly recommend going for happy hour (3-5pm).  We didn't have a lot of time and were on a budget, so it was the perfect solution. There was no wait, and since the pizzas are smaller and less expensive for HH, we were able to try 3 different kinds between the hubs and I.  And each "mini pie" is only $5!  Here's what we picked:1) Guanciale with soft egg and arugula 2) Buffalo mozzarella and tomato 3) Sweet fennel sausage with cherry peppersAll three were insanely good.  The crust has a bubbly, blistered crust that's chewy, soft and crisp all at the same time.  They sauce the dough with just the right amount and it has the perfect hint of sweetness and herbs. Top it off with high quality ingredients and unique flavor combinations, throw it in the applewood burning oven and there you have it. I'll say it again in my loudest online voice: BEST PIZZA EVER!!!!! If you're ready to have your mind blown and for your taste buds to never be the same, then it's time for some Serious Pie.This was our first stop on our Seattle trip once we dropped off our bags at the hotel. A great way to start our food tour of Seattle.We got to Serious Pie at 3:15pm for Happy Hour. I was surprised to see only one other couple there, but it was early on  a Thursday afternoon. We ordered 3 "mini pies" including yellowfoot chanterelles and truffle cheese, yukon gold potato, and the sweet fennel sausage. We washed down our pizzas with 1 lager and 1 brown ale.Both the mushroom and sausage pizzas were some of the best pizzas I've had. The crust was thin, light and crisp and the toppings were perfect. The sausage pizza had a lot of flavor to it in both the sausage and the sauce. The mushroom pizza was delicious topped with hearty and meaty mushrooms. The one downfall was the potato pizza. We had heard good things about it, but it was overly salty. I also thought the potatoes were cut a little too thick. Overall, not my favorite. I almost knocked off a star for this, but I still think they deserve 5 stars for the other two pizzas.The three pizzas were plenty for the two of us and happy hour was a great way to be able to try more than one pizza even with just a couple people.Serious Pie has some seriously good pizza and if I'm every back in Seattle it will definitely be on my list of places to eat.Edit: We actually made a quick stop here (during happy hour again) on our way back to the airport because it is located just a few blocks from the light rail. Tried the brussel sprout pizza (pretty good) and got another mushroom pizza (just as delicious as the first).Could this be the church of simplicity and ease of ordering that I've dreamed about forever? I was just starting to give up on Seattle and I stumble by this place. I had enough juice in the phone to Yelp it and well if its good enough for 700+ reviews, its good enough for me. You know when you are a kid and someone says if you love it so much why don't you marry it? Well I just bought the ring. The menu-One page! Simple to read and dummied up for quick ordering. They had 5 pizzas to pick from. There is no "individual toppings are...." I love not having to do much to eat. They had a few apps and salads and that is it. I asked the hostess to tell me her two favorite. She asked if I was traveling far and immediately narrowed it down to one pizza.  The sausage and roasted red peppers.   The other choice that was eliminated due to travel was guanciale, soft egg, dandelion greens  I should have eaten there as the atmosphere was pretty dark and comfortable. Got the pizza back and it was charred, chewy, and had the perfect amount of toppings. I really enjoyed this place. The hostess also pointed me to a dive bar /pinball hall. Starting to like Seattle.I was visiting one of my friends in Seattle, and another friend told me that i HAVE TO HAVE TO try this place. So, right before i was on my way to the airport on my last day of visiting, I called this place to make a to-go order. They are really popular and busy, so expect to wait, or just call ahead! The pizza was ready when I got there (I ordered a total of 4 pies: to distribute to my friends) and 1 pie I was taking with me on the airport. They were really nice and packaged one pie for me into a small container, all with smiles and reassurances that it was no trouble at all. extra points!!Lets just say, my entire bag (and probably the entire airplane) smelled like this truffle cheese pizza. (the "Roasted chaunterelles, truffle cheese pizza" to be exact) Its a different kind of pizza: the crust was fluffy and thin, chewy and just the right amount of saltiness, the cheese almost melting right into it. The smell of the cheese with the mushroom was heavenly, and every bite fantastic! Unfortunately, I was only able to try this 1 type of pizza..(but it was enough to make me a fan!!)..when I'm at seattle next time, definitely going back for more!!Ever saw the show The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food network? There was one episode about pizza and I can't remember where was the place or who was showing off the pizza; I do remember the close up shot of olive oil drizzling over thin slices of Yukon potatos. So when I saw that on the menu I was instantly sold. That was before I taste the pies.By the way this is a great date place because a table for 2 is about 15 minutes wait versus a table for a large group. Too bad they don't take reservations. Atmosphere is cozy and intimate. Service is friendly.The food is tasty nothing less from Tom Douglas. After 5 years of passing by the place on my way to work, I finally got to try it out. Although I think I would come back for the happy hour.If you do come for dinner make sure to try the vanilla panna cotta. It is so smooth and just melt in your mouth.First thing that I thought when I took my first bite into the chanterelle pizza, "this is it?" I can't believe there's so much hype about the pizza here. Ok, I admit that it was good but it didn't blow my socks off like all the reviews made it out to be. Tyler Florence even said that this was the best pizza he ever had. Moral of the story, it's only pizza, don't expect too much or else you will be disappointed like me. If you haven't been, check out their happy hour and order a few mini pizzas ($6) that way you can try different ones. We had three pizzas the chanterelle, sausage and soft egg. The soft egg was my fave.There's no diet coke here, only mexican coke. Ok, I get it, only real sugar products in this restaurant. So I ordered an iced tea instead. When our server came with the iced tea she also brought sweeteners -- sugar, splenda and sweet'n low. Ok, now I'm confused.I don't think I've ever stood in line for a restaurant to open -- we're really serious about our pizza -- and we had a flight to catch haha. I've been here before but wanted to bring the bf who crazy about pizza. I'm glad he loved it and thought it was worth the wait.Pizzas:+ yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino -- very interesting+ buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, basil -- GREAT red sauce+ penn cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thyme -- kind of salty but pretty tasty (wish there was more pancetta though)The mushroom and truffle pizza is hands down the best pizza pie we've ever had.  Beats Delfina in SF and One Speed in Sacramento, no really, it's that good!  We also enjoyed the kale salad, the wine list, and the service.Note: Seattle is not kid friendly for good restaurants.  There must be a licensing law here we don't have in CA about minors in restaurants with bars.  We were turned away from Black Bottle, The InnKeeper and List before landing at Serious Pie and, while it was definitely fortuitous, we will call ahead to the restuarants we were planning to try for the remainder of our trip.Expensive, but really tasty pizza!  I loved the penn cove clam pizza.  One order of pizza is enough for 2 people.  Seating is kind of crammed, you may have to end up sitting arm to arm with strangers,  I unintentionally eavesdropped on a couple next to us' conversation the whole time I was there.Three pies and a starter earned this spot four stars for me and here is why.Despite the 60 minute wait for a table on a Tuesday night (fortunately I was late, and my two companions killed time at the bar of another TD establishment) and the awkward communal seating, our service was right on point (timely, efficient, and straight to business).Pie #1: penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thymeClams added such a nice juicy texture to the pie. I like clams and seafood, so this flavor combination was delish!Pie #2 yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil Eye heart rosemary, and the potatoes, light crust, and olive oil humbly and effectively showcased the herby and buttery flavor!Pie #3 house salumi, walla walla onions, cacio cavallo YUM! Not being a big pizza aficionado, this pizza--for me--dressed up these more familiar comfort food flavors.And I must end with the starter: beets, anchovy, pistachios, mint I heart beets. One of my dining companions does NOT. But we all enjoyed the "classic pairing" (according to my foodie friend) of beets and mint, while the pistachios offered nice contrast in texture to the beets and the anchovy.I'll be back to try the other pizzas and the roasted figs which had run out that night.This place is kitty corner to The Dahlia lounge, Tom D's powerhouse.  Stopped in for a leisure lunch on a Friday.  Waited about 10 min before being seated.  The tables are set up, cafeteria-communion style where hopefully your neighbor beside you is polite or tolerable.  My favorite was the unadulterated buffalo mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes.  Oowee! the crust is serrious!  Each pizza gets drizzled with extra juicy olive oil, and a generous sprinkle of sea salt.  Imagine that with the mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes waltzing together in your mouth.  It was like a Homer Simpson dreamy donut moment...  Also ordered the fennel sausage/peppers combo and it was too overwhelming.  The sausage was top-notch, but the rest of the pizza was overly salty with the cheese and additional parmesan.  I thought it was distracting, and overshadowed the crust.Understand your pizza will be at least $15, and it's not the size of a Wheel of Fortune or "all you can eat".  Go for happy hour if you're not sure if you can commit.  You're paying for the hot shrine aka wood fired oven, the tomatoes imported from Italy grown in some indigenous volcanic soil.  Of course, don't forget his employees in the kitchen and the badass chick that shovels the dreamy pies out the glowing oven.  If you dig all that and the extra attention on your plate, you won't complain.  Now, if your favorite pizza is Papa Murphy's, don't even bother coming down pleeez.On a recent trip to Seattle, I hit Yelp as per usual to find the best restos in town and to my surprise, the most reviewed restaurant in all of Seattle is a pizza place called Serious Pie. Seriously? Well then it MUST be good. Upon arriving, we checked into our hotel and then headed out to Serious Pie for a beer and some za before hitting the space needle and duck tour (ultimate tourist day, check). Tucked just behind Dahlia & across the street from Lola, I was surprised to see 3 Tom Douglas Restaurants so close to one another - appears he really likes 4th and Virginia. Perhaps they should rename that Tom Douglas Way. Anyhow, onto the food. There was no wait even though it was lunch on a Monday, but in the healthiest city in America, that doesn't surprise me. Guilt didn't prevent us from getting our eat on, however, after all, we're on vacation! So we ordered a couple of beers and two pies (all are created to be individual sized, but can 1 satisfy 2 people if you aren't starving): mushroom & truffle and sausage & pepper pizza. Both were really tasty, but the sausage & pepper was one of the best combinations I've ever had. Sausage wasn't the crappy, dry little nuggets you get on most chain pizzas, it was REAL sausage, and the peppers were just the right heat for the pie. Tomato sauce was fresh and tasty, and the most unique thing about Serious Pie is the light, airiness of the crust - it's literally like eating slightly crispy pita pizza, but more airy. Highly recommend Serious Pie to visitors or locals who haven't been yet. Tom Douglas #winning.Sorry, but  I am still all about the NYC and Chicago style of pizzas.  But SERIOUS PIE you are are a mecca for pizza.  Seriously delicious pizza here.  Worth the stop.  The wife and I went for Valentine's Day here.  We shared the carafe of the wine, the lardo bruschetta, the kale salad and two pies.  Simple and done right.  The sausage pie with peppers and provalone was amazing.  The crust is just so delicious.  The wife had the special valentine's day pie with mushrooms, pancetta and roasted garlic.   Then for dessert, we had to fight over the chocolate salted budino.  Order two of these, it is that good.  I am serious about serious pie.  Enjoy this spot.Good. The pizza was delicious and service was quick.It's important to note that they don't take reservations and will not seat you if your entire party is not present. It's a small restaurant so this makes sense.The special pizza was incredible and definitely a fan of the thin crustHaving lived in the North East my entire life, I've become accustomed to high quality pizza. Sadly, "Serious Pie" failed to deliver. The pizza was small, the crust was really dry, the service was poor and the toppings simply didn't work. To top all of this off, the price was really steep for pizza.I know we're trying to class up pizza here and all but this is not the way to do it. Pizza is good because of what it is, when you "reinvent" it as much as this place has done, you're hardly looking at pizza any more.Oh my.... Now that's pizza! Talk about melt in your mouth goodness. Serious Pie has hit the mark. A very small menu to choose from, but I have tried ALL the pizza's and not one was bad. My favorite had to be the truffle cheese pizza, it's... how do you say it? Orgasmic! I try to get there at least twice a month!If I had to complain... I would say I'm not really into sharing a table with the other guests. It's a bit weird to sit next to a couple who is trying to be alone when you drag your kids for a quick bit. But that's it :)Not something.Liver Pate starter was just wrong. watery, too salty and frankly, has nothing to do with Pate.The pizza dough was way to oily, tasted like a doughnut, the Mozeralla Di Bufala cheese was fresh but not pressed (beginners mistake). so basically the pizza was mushy, soft and watery.Btw, did I mention that the average price per pizza that is hardly enough for 1 person is $17? that's a big no no.We decided to skip desert :)Bottom line: the only reason this place is working good is good PR and the fact that it is attached to a name of a celebrity chef. don't be fooled. if you want really good pizza, go to TUTA BELLA.Another overrated establishment based on yelp ratings. What an expensive pizza,  $21(including tip) for an 11" pizza?  I didn't even get an effen beer with my meal. This place is good, but its definitely not worth the price. FYI- this place smells like rags and you share your table with strangers if you have a party of less than 4. Minus 1 star for that.For the San Jose/SF Bay Area folks, this is your Pizza Antica. It's your thin crust with burnt sides cooked in a brick oven.I chose to eat here on a Sunday to avoid the crowds since I heard the wait can get ridiculously long. A little after 1PM and there was hardly anyone inside. Probably due to the weather as well. I was walking there in the rain and just praying that if there was a line, no one would have an umbrella and they would just all leave!Ordered their sweet fennel sausage pizza with roasted peppers and provolone which was packed with flavor. I love the thin crunchy crust. Asked if they could do a half & half pizza but was unsucessful. However, I wished I tried something that wasn't so neutral. They have pizza's with Yukon potatoes, truffle cheese, clams and etc.TIPS:- They only sell by the pie (whole pizza) that's good enough for 2 people. It's about 4-5 small slices each. I think happy hour has mini-pies.I'm just happy I have something very similar to Serious Pie back home.Now that I've been here about 10 times I feel fully qualified to review Serious Pie.There is something about a restaurant with an occupancy limit of 50 that I just love.  Maybe it's the fact that it feels you are eating in a private dining room or maybe it's the fact that I just don't like crowds of hungry people that much?  Either way- bonus points for communal seating.  I love listening in on crazy conversations.  Big Bonus Points for the fact that they take your phone number and call you when your table is ready, allowing you to walk down the street to the sort of generic, but oddly likable Spitfire Bar or insert bar of choice for a pre-dinner drink.I've decided on behalf of my single friends that they have a crush on the manager?/host? that works weekends.  He's nice, friendly, and cute in a non-Seattle way (which is a good thing).Highly Recommended: The Cherry Bomb Pepper and Sweet Fennel Sausage Pizza.  It's the stuff that good food dreams are made of.  In fact, I wish I had some right now.Also Highly Recommended:  The Mexican Coca-Cola in a bottle.  Real sugar in place of high fructose corn syrup?  Serious Pie- you are my new fav.When we landed in Seattle this was the first stop. It was lunch time so why not? The menu is super small, half of it dedicated to the large assortment of wines, beers and Mexican soda. The pizza section only had like six different pizza to chose from one being cheese. So, being super picky me I had to order off the menu and create my own pizza. I ordered a spicy sausage and mushroom pizza and a radish salad with vinaigrette. The salad was fabulous and the vinaigrette was out of this world good. They brought the pizza and it looked hot and fresh. The first bite..hmmm.. good but not the best! The service was half ass, and the waitress forgot my Mexican soda, I had to remind her. The prices are kind of high, Pizza starts off at $16 bucks and the small radish salad was $8. Verdict: Good, but not the best.My bf and I arrived at the restaurant around 6pm on a Wednesday night.  This was the only way to ensure we didn't have to wait forever for a seat.  Even though there were other people waiting, just having a party of two worked out to our advantage and we got seated fairly quickly.  From our previous attempt to dine here in the past, we knew that being seated that quickly is not the norm.  The place is always packed.We were seated at a 6 top table with 2 other groups of two.  It was pretty cramped, especially since I am already not a fan of community tables.  We ordered the Black kale, parmigiano reggiano, calabria peppers salad.  It had really good flavors but was a little too spicy for me.  I do, admittedly, have very low tolerance for spicy though.Next, we shared the Cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage pizza coupled with a half carafe of the straccali chianti red wine.  I'm usually not a huge fan of sausage, b/c it's always too salty for me and overpowers the rest of the food.  Since this was supposed to be sweet sausage, I didn't really know what to expect.  Turns out I loved it.  It wasn't too salty and it wasn't too sweet either.  It was perfect.  The sauce and the peppers were fresh tasting.  The pizza crust was the perfect crisp and everything went great together.  You could taste the individual ingredients, yet they all complimented each other very well too.  This place has wonderful food, and I can't wait to come back and try more of the other pizzas.  The only problem I have with this place is the cramped seating and I did leave still a little hungry- although I think it's b/c it was our first time so we didn't have a good measure of how much food we needed to order for the two of us.  It is a little on the pricier side; however, it is a Tom Douglas restaurant, so we did already expect that.I definitely recommend this place!You know you're in love with a restaurant when the hostess writes down your name before you can spit it out (I'm just waiting for her to memorize my cell number)I'm surprised I haven't written anything on Serious Pie even though I've been here countless times.  The wait can be a bit outrageous (over an hour for 2 on a Saturday night), but I usually grab a drink or two at Dahlia Lounge or Lola just around the corner.I've had most of the pizzas here and my favorite is the mushroom/truffle cheese pizza.  The other night I tried the artichoke and speck appetizer and it was delish! I look forward to trying more of the appetizers, because like the pizzas they do not disappoint.If you are in the mood for Tom Douglas and don't mind waiting, check out Serious PieBest pizza I've ever eaten. People were waiting ridiculously long wait times (1.5 hrs at one point) just to eat here...yes, they waited THAT long to cram onto a communal table with other people that may be talking about their crappy sex life right next to you. At first, my hubbie didn't understand why I wanted to come here soo badly...but after trying it he told me that pizza anywhere else is pretty much ruined now.We had the mushroom cheese truffle oil one... not a crumb was spared. The bill was pretty hefty since we had the special appetizer of the day (a salad with strawberries and pine nuts), along with two glasses of wine...but soo worth it just to try the pizza.Not sure it's the best,But they certainly try hard.A Seattle must.Some of the best pizza I have ever had. Community seating makes makes for a great atmosphere. Been there twice and plan on returning.Idea for a name change..."You Can't Be Serious! Pie?" Why one star?  For starts...it's the service!!!  It's so shallow.  The host is nice when you walk in, and then, you are invisible.  It's like you are being greeted by a robot who only says what is minimally necessary to keep the job.  The waitperson was a perfect clone of the host's behavior.  My server was only interested in selling, and upselling...not a people person AT ALL.  "Wow!  Go get a job you will enjoy ...because this is totally WRONG for you!!!"  (I wanted to offer this sad person a quarter to go purchase a personality.)  Example...after ordering a lager and waiting more than a half an hour for the smallest  pizza ever!!!...it looked like a Pillsbury Pop Over Muffin rolled in Corn Meal...(Oh!!!...and it had all the meager toppings on one of the mini slices and nothing on any of the others!!!)...my waitperson waltzed by.  She avoided eye contact and asked...not, "How's your pizza?"...but, "Are you gettin' enough pizza?"  Read..."Do you want to order another one?" subtext = "because all I care about is upselling".  That attitude was pervasive amongst the other servers.  It was sooooo condescending and off-putting.  No mirth and freshness in this place!!!  It was the same with the lager I ordered.  The waitperson did not care if I liked it...only wanted to know...after waiting the half hour for the disappointuing pizza...if I "needed" another beer.  By the time I was able to escape the place, It was totallly dark ...around five-thirty.  My server brought me the check and said, in  the robot-like thoughtless way..."Have a nice afternoon..." and gave me the requisite superficial smile.  Wow!  "Have you looked outside, or at a clock?  Are you even human?"  (I did not ask it.)  So, go there if you want to experience that sort of service, an overpriced "nothing special" burnt-on-the-bottom pretend pizza, and you enjoy distributing the toppings to the slices that have none.  Fun!The cooks are just cranking them out without any care...sprinkling some salty herb stuff on them in an attempt to give them flavor.  I guess it's so you won't notice that you're in an Orwellian dark picnic spot  ("Down and Out in London and Paris"), sitting next to total strangers; wearing headphones...who don't know what Persimmons are...nor, have they ever tasted Duck!!!...and actually complain about how it tastes....("Have you 'dudes' been living in a cave??")...AND,  you enjoy eating "Oh WOW!" expensive wood-fired pasta with scant toppings???  OH and... "Have a nice afternoon!"Buon appetito e basta con "Serious Pie".  Non e seriosa!   Mai encora!!!!This restaurant is not at all gluten free friendly (why I gave it 2 stars). I would recommend you try any of the many other restaurants in Seattle that offer gluten free pizza as an option so you can dine with your friends or co-workers. If I was not GF, I think I would have enjoyed it. Pizza looked delicious and the atmosphere was cozy. The lunch shift we joined them for may have been an off day for the waitstaff, but they were not pleasant.Frick. This place is fantastic for happy hour. Otherwise it seems kind of pricey. But damn is it good for happy hour.$6 dollar mini pizzas that get you stuffed as much as one would expect from happy hour, along with $4 pints. Ahhh I die. I want to come back, now!We ordered the sweet fennel sausage pizza which seemed pretty traditional to me, as well as the SOFT EGG PIZZA. Oh my. Soft eggs? I love soft eggs. On a pizza crust? Even better. I die.Basically this place has fantastic pizzas with high quality ingredients and good pricing for all their drinks. Gotta come back here for HH, not too sure about a full dinner though.Amazing crust. Exquisite ingredients. Convivial shared tables. A wait at peak times. Perfect pre-show food for The Moore or Cinerama.I think this restaurant has finally done for Seattle what I haven't seen before: an upscale pizza restaurant.Typically, when you think pizza, you don't think wine list.  Or truffle mushrooms.  You think, "that food they give you to lure you to meetings in college," "one of the foods I can always count on being able to pay someone else to bring me when I'm too lazy to make or even retrieve myself food," "post-sports event meal with beer" or even "every third grader's favorite food." Serious Pie means serious business about not being these (I know, there have already been a number of corny serious-jokes made here but I couldn't) - the simple menu shows a number of gourmet style pizzas and appetizers that you can see being fired in the wood-burning stoves behind the counter while the wine list really does add a touch of class to a reasonably priced meal.This place is really good at what it does, and in a place where I don't think there are as many pizza options as there could be it definitely earns its four star rating...my only suggestion is that they also start serving dessert pie (a la pumpkin, apple and banana cream) - since even with a ton of good bakeries in the area we still don't seem to have a good source for it.Touted as some of the best Za in Seattle, i had t check this place out. After waiting in queue for a table we were ushered to sit next to another group of people in Cafeteria style seating. To be honest, the place was too loud to have a decent conversation and looking around it looked like they had no seats for two people. The place was also pretty small by all appearances, the acoustics were not setup very well for a restaurant.The pizza was very good. However, 17 bucks for a 2 topping pizza? Seriously? I realize Buffalo mozzarela is an expensive ingredient (i think?) but that is a little much. The beer they had was decent, nothing to rave about, but they had some good micros, and only for a dollar more than the PBR. This means that the micros were priced well, and the PBR was over priced, I suppose anyone who would order PBR in a place likes that deserves to get over charged, I just happened to notice it. The service was good, but it didn't seem they had put enough servers in for such a busy time.So, good food, but the restaurant leaves something to be desired, especially with the cafeteria styled seating..I went here and ordered the Mushroom and Truffle Pizza.  Apparently it is the one that Tyler Florence (Food Network) calls the best pizza he has ever eaten!  Well, first, they are sized for one or two people (OK, I ate the whole thing).  Second, they are expensive.  Three, it was tasty.  A bit salty.  But I liked it.I would hardly call it the best pizza I've ever had.  I wouldn't wait an hour for it (as some people have), nor would I be in a rush to go back and pay $17 for it.  I would say flavor wise it is 4 stars, but overall I would say 3.5Serious pie was very good. The wait was insane, so we walked up the street and popped into a bar for a beer and some wings while waiting for our table. The restaurant itself is super small, with long tables that typically end up seating several couples or a large party.The pizza is good and the ingredients are extremely fresh. The sausage on my pizza was absolutely delicious and I appreciated the passion the wait staff seemed to have for the restaurant. It always makes the dining experience more fun when the servers are passionate about the food and friendly as well.My boyfriend got the sweet fennel sausage with peppers and provolone, which was tasty, but I was a big fan of the special pizza I ordered with crimini mushrooms. I will be back again to try some other goodies!A bit pricey $17-18/pizza, but high quality ingredients. Had the mushroom w truffle oil and the sweet fennel sausage pizzas. Both were good, but I guess I was expecting a bit more for the price. I think what stands out the most is how well seasoned the crust of the pie is. I think it's the salt they use on the crust that really makes it stand out. Also had the lettuce salad which was tasty with the cheese on top, but I wished they cut the lettuce into smaller pieces so it's easier to eat. Overall,  a nice experience, but I'm not quite sure the size and taste justify the price. Four of us had 2 sodas, 2 pizzas, and a salad and the bill was close about $55 before tip. We weren't hungry when we left, but we weren't full either.SERIOUSLY OVER-RATED, SERIOUSLY EXPENSIVE.Don't get me wrong, the pizza is tasty and good but for all the hype it gets and for the price, $17 for a personal pizza!!!!!, it's NO WAY good enough.This seems to be a case of marketing and profit-seeking instead of substance and food for the sake of proudly making good food. They use good ingredients, and it tastes good, but I think Via Tribunali and Tutta Bella are better, AND their pies are bigger AND cheaper. The pizzas are 9 inches by 5 inches? And a Margherita costs $17.50 to take away before tip? They also have a really tacky faux-rock facade around their standard pizza oven as a half-assed attempt to hide the fact that they are taking the easy way out instead of using real wood.Neapolitan pizza, which Via Tribunali and Tutta Bella do quite well in my opinion, is somewhat of a landmark of human achievement. In various fields, there is a certain point where things get so good that any change is probably a step backwards. For example, Mozart wrote some of the best music in history. When the modernists came around and wrote atonal music, they were trying to make progress, but by most accounts it sounded worse. I think Serious Pie represents a similar step backwards, but it is priced outrageously and packaged with its little running cartoon character emblem as if it is striving for something worthwhile. I'm not so sure.If you want to spend that kind of money and not regret it, go to Art of the Table. If you want good pizza, go to Via Tribunali.This pizza could go up against some of my favorites in NYC with no problem.  Let's start with the crust. It's so light, yet it keeps form - the perfect combination.  The crust is just so good.  The crust alone would get 4 stars.  Did I tell you how much I liked the crust?I ordered the cascade fiddlehead with roasted garlic considering I hadn't a clue what a fiddlhead was.  Friends ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese (hard to go wrong with truffles - great earthy flavor), and the wild boar pizza.  Where else are you going to eat wild boar?  This was my least favorite that I tried; however, it's cool to say you've eaten it.Oh, and while we were dining, a cop horse poked his head through the front door for a whiff of deliciousness!  Apparently this happens every Thursday.  This is a no-brainer if you're craving pizza in Seattle.  I will say that the 3 pizzas we ordered are without sauce.  They can heat up some fresh marinara for you - I highly recommend it as it's a nice way to refresh the palate.Seriously over rated, in my opinion of course.  I'm a total pizza lover, and I'm not too picky about the crust.  But I think Serious Pie crust is cardboard like, and very overcooked, to a point where it tastes burnt and bitter.  The ukon gold potato pizza sounds fantastic on the menu, but is SOOOOO salty.  SERIOUSLY.  Perhaps that's why its called SERIOUS[ly salty] pie.I've been struggling to write this review from the week I went there on a date back in mid December. And basically? I can still taste the crispy, buttery, deliciousness of the chantrelle mushroom pie w/ truffle oil.Small space, communal tables, and a very cozy and happy atmosphere. I thought the tables were a little high and would have liked a place to put my purse, but whatever. Parking was rather nightmarish for downtown Seattle on a weeknight, and chances are there will be a line of people waiting unless you choose an off night (call ahead for estimated wait times).I had a soup that was okay and a salad that I'd order again, but seriously - my mouth waters thinking about the pies we had. (Although the arugula, ham, and egg was better at Proletariat Pizza in White Center)Meh...went here the first week it was open so perhaps Tom and Company were still working out some kinks.  The clam pizza was bad (primarily due to the chewy nature of the clams) and the sausage pizza was just ok (especially compared to Via Trib and Tutta Bella).  The salad we ordered was teeny tiny and barely made it through four forkfulls.The Italian beer options are welcome, and the desserts are nice so maybe this is a better combo.  I love love Dahlia and Lola and would go to either of these hands down over Serious Pie.Let's paint the picture shall we? It's a Sunday night, the day after Christmas, with the temperature somewhere right above freezing and sudden kick of wind. Yeah. Pretty much I didn't want to go too far from the hotel to grab dinner.After a quick search, and a little prod from Cheryl Y. to eat pizza, we braved the cold and came to Serious Pie.The place isn't particularly big, so it wasn't a surprise we had to wait 20 minutes to get seated. When we finally did. it was a bit of a surprise it would be a community type table (we were to share with another party of 3). I was fine with the idea since this is something I see quite often at Chinese restaurants. What I didn't expect was to be dining with a swap meet (stole this idea from Cheryl Y) version of Sex and the City - The Ghetto edition.Let's talk about food yeah? We tried their bread soup which was great and really hit the spot after being in such cold weather (I'm a CA girl so really). We went with the waitresses suggestion of getting the day's special pizza, a venison pizza, along with their sweet fennel sausage pizza. I have to say I was really surprised to like the venison pizza since it also used goat cheese. I was worried it'd be a little on the game side but it was amazingly good. I really wished I wasn't too full to eat the last slice, but alas, I had to sacrifice for the sake of shopping some more. The sausage pizza was also good. It had a nice rich tomato sauce. It also wasn't too heavy and the crust had a nice bite to it.So what happened to them girls that were terrible and turned out to be drunk? Well they were so terrible the wait staff was annoyed and they sat there for an extra hour after they were done with their meal and had the bill. I get that you can linger, but when it's super busy it's kind of an asshole move. That and when they left, there was barely any tip (overheard a server cleaning the table). The pretty nifty part was that they ended up feeling bad for us, you know, for sitting next to those idiots that they gave us a complimentary dessert. Now it's no secret that I don't really care for chocolate, but the chocolate budino was pretty good. It comes served in a little bowl class with sea salt and olive oil. Theres also cookies to scoop it with which is just yummy. Thanks T-Doug for serving up some good eats. Let's bring this model over to Lola yeah?Open pretty late.  Messed up our order.  Brought out another pizza free of charge.  Tyler Florence's favorite pizza (truffle with chanterelles).Serious pie = serious yum.Serious Pie is like prozac for grumpy boyfriends.Call ahead and put yourself on the list, or drop by, get your name on the list, and grab happy hour at Lola, down the street.Sure, the lines may be long, the prices may be a bit steep, but Serious Pie can lift your spirits with their well-crafted food.  Their fungi pizza, dripping with truffle oil, is earthy and mouth-watering. Experience the joy of a pizza covered in San Marzano tomato sauce.  The starter salads are fresh with great flavors, and never complicated.  Their food will bring a smile to your lips.  Don't forget to finish off your meal with a cannoli and espresso---possibly the best dessert in the city.Thin crusted, slightly oblong, creatively inspired pizzas! I'm a fan and would def come back if it wasn't for the wait. A group of 7 and we ordered: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone 17roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese 16soft cooked duck eggs*, roast pork belly, lemony arugula salad 17I enjoyed all, but esp the mushroom and the duck egg Although, the duck egg pizza was kinda hard to eat with all the arugula on top, but the arugula was actually really tasty as a salad with the lemony dressing. I was a fan of the crust! Not your typical circle, and I in general like my thin crust pizza. The thing is though, there are already a million pizza places that are essentially comparable, but you really can't argue that this ish is good.  share a pitcher of the elliott bay brewing ale to wash it all down.I compare my experience at Serious Pie to seeing a movie after everyone else has built it up and raved about it: kind of anti-climactic. It was definitely good pizza, but not as mind-blowing as some folks made it out to be. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I had discovered it on my own...maybe.The pizza itself was delicious, but the options were so few that it didn't really impress me. Toppings were pretty run-of-the-mill, but I think what made the pizza good was the crust. It was't oily but wasn't super dry; just perfect. I am seriously considering coming by here and just buying their dough (which they sell) and making my own pizza at home with better toppings.They don't take reservations and won't seat you unless your entire party is there. You also share your table with other patrons too, especially if you're fewer than 6 people. Not a big deal, but I know some people don't like that.Also be warned that they're really not a fan of substitutions or alterations, at least from my experience there. We tried to ask our them to make our pizzas a little spicy and the most they could offer us were those lame little red pepper flakes. The waitress seemed seriously annoyed too and gave us major attitude. Not cool.Probably the best pizza I've had in my life.Went there last night with my gf. Got a carafe of the Chianti, Italian bread soup starter and the pepper and sausage pizza (total ~$50, not bad for the quality). The Chianti was very good as was the soup. However, the pizza was AMAZING!. Perfect crust, perfect thinness, perfect amount of cheese and very flavorful toppings. I do wish that instead of the starter we would have ordered a different pizza so we could've had more and a variety.I'd recommend that you allow plenty of time in advance if you are going at a peak time. We got there around 8 p.m. (Friday night) and waited about 45 minutes for a table.The server was very friendly and the food came out fairly quick. In case you go in a small group (2-4) you MAY share a table with strangers (hopefully cootie-less strangers and don't talk to them, that's what my elementary school principal told me).Oh Serious Pie, how do I love thee...   *  buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato   * yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino   * cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage   * roasted yellowfoot mushrooms, truffle cheese   * penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme   * guanciale, soft egg, beacon hill arugula   * house salumi, caramelized onions, sardegnaWe were able to try all of these for $5/each! Gotta love a great happy hour! The yukon gold potato pizza is recommended by the servers, but I'd say pass on this and get the mushrooms/truffle cheese or the egg & arugula. Helpful Hint :Dahlia Lounge is also owned by Tom Douglas so if you want to try their orgasmic coconut pie, you can order it and they'll walk it around the corner for you!! My only recommendation is to order 2!! One to eat and the other so you can bring it home and thumbtack it to your wall as a reminder of all things delicious in this world!I don't like to think I can finish a whole pizza in one sitting, so no matter the size I always try to leave a slice or two to demonstrate self-control.  That's yet to be the case at this place.  I devoured both the panchetta clam (nice twist with lemon thyme) and the chanterelles truffle cheese.  On TWO separate occasions, of course.  Although, come to think of it, they were so good that I probably can devour these two pies in one single sitting.  Gasp!  Need.  More.  Self.  Control.  Really, they were that good!I didn't give it 5 stars because I tasted friend's fennel sausage pizza and didn't love it.  He liked it though.On a recent trip to Seattle I had the chance to experience Serious Pie with a group of new acquaintances, many of whom I'd known previously online.  As much as I enjoyed the smart table conversation, the food definitely was the highlight.I ordered the roasted chanterelles and truffle cheese pizza (pie) because when I see the word "truffle" the entire rest of the menu disappears.  Though it was superb, I did trade half of it with foodie Don MacAskill for half of his cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage pizza. Yum. Now, I feel the need to eat through the rest of the menu, but have no idea when I will have the opportunity to get back to Seattle.We had Serious Pie delivered to our hotel room during the honeymoon.  I was a little disappointed with the menu selection, and the price seemed a little steep for the size.  While the sweet fennel sausage pizza was tasty, it didn't quite deliver an adequate bang/buck ratio.  I'd recommend Serious Pie to Seattle locals, but it isn't the best choice for a whirlwind honeymoon.It took me forever to go and what a loser I am...My favorite part was the pizzas were all crooked and weird shaped.  Lots of big toppings and it was suprisingly affordable.  Me and the BF went with another couple and had 3 pies (with at least a round of champipple and beers) and it was $80 total.  Shut up!... only $40 a couple, smile.And when we got there they said the wait would be 40 mintues and it was less than 15 min.  Liked that tooFinally some decent pizza in Seattle!When we want pizza we hop in the car and head for 4th & Virginia.  The only thing that comes close to this is the pizza from Cafe Lago.The menu is small but good. There is a selection of standard pizza plus one or two "experiments".  This is paired w/ a few appetizers and desserts.Must haves include:Cherry bombMargheritaPotatoInsalata mista is always very nice.  The greens are fresh and dressed w/ a light vinaigrette.  Jump on the prosciutto and melon if its on the menu.I was tempted to inflate the rating to 5 stars but the prices are a bit high and as good as the pizza is, it still pales to the best of NY or Chicago.(2.5 stars) I get the concept, and I appreciate the effort, but boy was that a lot of unfulfilling crust.After telling our less than warm hostess that we were only somewhat hungry, she assured us that they were personal size and two wouldn't be too much, so two we ordered: the daily special and the roasted chanterelles.   We were underwhelmed with both.  Both were lukewarm and with such minimal toppings as to make me wonder exactly what the sixteen bucks each paid for.  The special went one further by including a way too generous squirt of room temperature olive oil followed by squeezes of a very cold creamed nettle sauce (post oven) which didn't do much for the overall impression.  In the end, she was right - for not very hungry people, two was just right, given the piles of otherwise dry crust left on our plates.I went here with my friend Emily (see her review, starts out with SERIOUS COW PIE) and I have to say. I loved Serious Pie up until this outing.  I have never EVER in my life had a waitress be so unwilling to accommodate in all my life. We weren't asking for the second coming of Christ here people! We just all wanted to celebrate an anniversary at the same table. That's not too much to ask, is it?Also? Offering a table for 15 minutes is just redic. If I'm coming into your establishment to spend my money, I don't anticipate being TIMED. I frequent all of Tom Douglas' establishments on a regular basis. I've even fallen in love with the new Snack Shop. But at this point? Can't say I'll be going back to any of them soon.Such a shame.A few blocks from Pike Place Market, Serious Pie is exactly what the name implies. They don't joke around about pizza because this place is totally legit. Albeit the wait was about 15 minutes, it took  the same amount of time to wait for our pizza to be cooked, so my best friends and I decided to order take out instead of waiting for a table.The first thing you'd notice about this place is the giant brick oven of the open kitchen. The second thing you'd notice is the cured meats and cheeses in the storage behind the counter. The entire place is filled with the intoxicating aroma of basil and aged cheese. We ordered the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza. Here was our verdict: The crust: chewy and airy, one bite of this slightly charred airy crust was enough to amaze us because it was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Though thin, it was strong enough to keep the toppings from sliding off when you are eating each slice. The toppings: everything was light and balanced and you can taste all of the distinctive flavors of the ingredients in each bite: the fennel in the sweet sausage, the crisp sweet tang of the green peppers, and the slight nuttiness of the melted provolone. The tomato sauce tasted very fresh and light, yet robust without the plethora of oregano. The service: the employees were very nice and made sure we got our pizza as soon as it was out of the oven. The cooks definitely know what they are doing!For the price of this pizza ($20 with tax), it might sound a little expensive for a medium size pizza, but factor in the quality of the fresh ingredients and the final product, it is seriously worth every penny.  Once you have a taste of Serious Pie, you can never go back to frozen pizza or any pizza chains. They just don't compare to Serious Pie, really.First time - amazing. There was a soup that I can't describe because my flavor brain exploded. Squash and sage pizza - awesome. Second time - great. Pork belly on lentils, pretty great. The pizza crust was a little burnt. Flavor brain confused. Third time - back to amazing. Clam pizza, pretty great. I love this place. Note to groups: they only seat you when you are all there.Not sure why all the hype about this place. We ordered the Cherry pepper/sausage pizza to go. We figure for $20+ I would get something a little bigger than a personal pizza but I was wrong. It was on a flat bread so it was crunchy but they burnt the bottom of the pizza. So it tasted like a burnt cracker with maybe 4? sausage pieces on it for $20+. Had the same pizza at Veracci's with more and better toppings for a much more reasonable price. Overall, I wont be back but I guess with all the hype about this place to enough people in there so they don't need my patronage anyhow.Three words for this place.Overpriced.  Overpriced.  Overpriced.Seriously?  Oblong-shaped pizzas so they're smaller than the equivalent-diameter round ones, at a cost of $16 to $18 apiece?  Maybe I've been spoiled by the relatively reasonably-priced pizzas here in the midwest, or maybe if they'd tasted better...but I was distinctly underwhelmed by both the selection and the toppings.  I wasn't expecting grease and ooze, but please bring me my 8-oz. clam pizza while it's still hot, at least.The four of us ordered: 1 clam1 potato1 sausage1 margherita With one pitcher of beer and one glass of truly awful, artificial-root-beer-syrup flavored root beer, our tab came to $93!The crust was phenomenal, though.  They got that right.  But not $100+ with tip phenomenal.Simple, Rustic, Tasty, Intimate, popular but slightly overpricedI love the simplicity of the menu making it easy enough to sample through.  All pizzas are tasty but the clams are my favorite.  wine list is short & sweet leaving little opportunity to mull over the choices.  unlike other pizzas, these don't pack in the same caloric punch.  What these serious pies lack in portion/size, certainly is served up in originality, taste, and artisanal dough making and pizza topping :)Yay!!! Coming from SF to Seattle, I was wondering where the good pizza was. Try the truffled pizza, it's fantastic. My husband loved the sausage and fennel!Now this is how I like my Pizza!Artisanal, delicate, light and damn good, paired with a glass of wine - Heaven. Yes it's a little pricey for pizza but you are paying for quality. If you're into gut busting american pizza, this place is not for you.Great place I often bring family and friends visiting Seattle to dazzle them for lunch after walking around Pike Place Market (8 minute walk). They have great "designer" pizza, and when I say designer it's like Pizza being made by Gucci in a good way :) The tastes are simple, fresh yet sophisticated (trying to write this review like an Iron Chef judge :)). They use new, different kinds of ingredients to produce new kinds of flavors over the usual pepperoni, etc.They have a pizza using cheese infused with truffles! They often change their menu to match what is in season and have special kinds of pizza's as well not listed on their website. The last time I went I tried a really delicious lamb and cherry pizza, it was great!However, the pizza might not be for everyone but a place you should try out! + Great new flavors of pizza!+ Fresh and a great crust!- Wish they took reservations, I try and bring groups but usually have to wait hours to get a table- It's European-style seating (you will sit next to strangers)- Small shop, they need more seating!TipTry to get here at non-prime time hours if you want to take a group, this is a really popular place and short on the seating...Tom Douglas's pizza place is as good as expected. The crust is thin with the perfect amount of dough. We had the arugula sald with pine nuts and cherry tomatoes (special for the day), the buffalo cheese w/ tomato sauce pizza, the Chantrelle mushroom with truffle cheese pizza. According to the waitress, the menu has small changes from time to time but stays the same for the most part. The place was small. Be prepared to sit with other parties at the same table. We had a 20 minute wait at about 1 PM. I ordered a coke and they served one in a glass bottle from Mexico which uses real cane sugar instead of corn syrup from the US. Overall, this is a great place to eat. Be prepared to love it.SERIOUSLY the BEST pizza I have ever had. I had my first visit to Seattle  in April - my husband had been many times and highly recommended SP. On our last day in town my co -worker and I had lunch before our flight. Since it was lunch we shared a pizza thinking we couldn't eat it all. I am not sure if I was really that hungry or the pizza was just that good - but I wanted to lick the board when we were done as it was so delicious! I highly recommend this place and I tell anyone who will listen to go there!The pic in my profile is from Serious Pie.I'm from NY; I'm a pizza elitist; and this is some damn fine pizza. It's far more expensive than it should be, but the chanterelle / truffle cheese pizza I had, as well as the slices I tried from my friends' assorted pizzas, were fantastic. Don't go in expecting your usual American pizza, the style is very much like what you'd find in Tuscany. Old school peasant food.Cons: Way expensive, like 17-per-pie, and they don't take reservations. My admittedly large party had to wait about 30 minutes (and were told "only 15 minutes").This place is really delicious! I would definitely eat again, but do wish they had more options for pizza's.this is by far my favorite restaurant of all time! My favorite pies are the Penn Cove Clams and the Soft Egg with Arugula (they change the vegetable according to season though). I have to eat here at least once every time I come to Seattle, and I have dreams about it when I'm out of town. It even inspired me to write a poem, which just goes to show how silly in the nillys i am about serious pie, because i usually hate poetry :Oh! Serious PieHow I love thee (like a love song baby)Your pies make me feel like I just diedand went to heavenIf ever you were to close,I would cry harder than I did at the end of Lord of the RingsI will never, ever, ever forgetthe way you changed my lifeWe tried a couple of different "pies" here...service was great, but the food fell a bit flat for us.  There wasn't anything mouth-watering about the flavors nor original.  The ambience is great, feels very urban and hip, noise level is party-like, but the food combined with average prices aren't enough for us to want to return sadly....love the concept and love being able to watch our pies bake in the open fire ovens - kind of a cool touristy-place to take out-of-towner visitors, but not a home-run for flavor profiles.  It's also pretty cramped inside so the seating can be a bit claustrophobic for some and it's rather small in general, so if you come during peak hours, be prepared for a long wait.  Also, you are forced to sit at large tables with strangers unless you're lucky enough to get a table or maybe they take reservations for the tables?  Not sure?  So it was a bit on the awkward side if you're looking to have some privacy during your meal.  But if you're in the mood to mingle, this is probably a great place.  I also noticed quite a few families with younger children inside, so it was nice to a see a good mix of all types of people - felt earthy and welcoming.Serious Pie can craft a pizza. No question about that.Inside, it can get a tad crowded with communal seating and actually a bit stuffy. Our servers attentive and they, well, served us. Not much to say there.I had the pleasure of devouring the yukon gold potato and the mushroom with truffle cheese pizzas. I had my doubts about how potatoes would fare on a pizza, but they were quickly dispelled after I sunk my teeth into a hot slice.These are premium pies for sure, and they do the restaurant name justice.If you had to get one:Sweet fennel sausage PizzaIf you had to get two:Two Sweet fennel sausage PizzasThis is a pretty small restaurant, I liked the style of it at night the lighting is dim and you sit on bar stools insetad of regualr tables and chairs. I really liked it. The pizza however was GREAT I got the one with cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage .. crispy the way i like my pizzas...I got to try a piece of everyone's pizza cause they had different ones all of them were goooodddd.But definetly a nice little pizza place to stop by - everyone should try Serious Pie.Serious Pie is serious good.Go with one or two of your friends and order the Yukon Gold Potato or the Cherry Bomb Peppers/Sweet Fennel Sausage pizzas and a bottle of chianti.  Delicious ingredients, interesting mix of flavors, and a unique yummy crust that has a hint of honey in it.  Then lay back in your chair and bask in the excellence of this meal.Good.  Serious.PIZZA! PIZZA!After reading the other reviews, I couldn't wait to try this place - and I was NOT disappointed.  First off, if you haven't been, I suggest you do what I did, and go for Happy Hour.  Every Monday-Friday from 3pm-5pm, they have $5 mini pizzas, $5 glasses of wine, and $3 bottles of beer.  They are smaller in size, so my friend and I were able to order 4 different kinds, and figure out what we liked best.  We ordered the buffalo mozzarella, cherry bomb peppers/fennel sausage, roasted chanterelle and truffle cheese, and yukon potato.  I think my favorite was the cherry bomb peppers/fennel sausage!  The sausage was slightly sweet and peppery, and the peppers were slightly tangy - a great combination.  This pizzas were fresh, and the crust was fluffy and delicious.  The establishment, itself, was small and cute; lined with long tables that seated multiple parties.  You could see someone baking bread right next door, and the aroma was amazing.  The only thing was that was slightly disappointing was that they didn't have the clam/pancetta pizza available for Happy Hour that day.  Oh well though, I guess that just requires another trip!I think it's fitting Tom Douglas named this place Serious Pie and not Serious Pizza, because he really takes the Pizza out of the mundane and makes a really beautiful meal out of it.  I'm a big eater so my date and I got our own pizzas on a Saturday afternoon lunch, no appetizers- we were there strictly for pie.  I got the special which ran out about 20 minutes later, and I can see why.  White truffle drizzled on top of asparagus is a great mix on that flaky pastry like crust.  My date had a pie with salami, and it kind of hinted like the smell of goat cheese, and I'm not a goat cheese person so I stayed away.  It does get crowded (I had previously tried to go there for happy hour and had such a long wait we didn't make it) so just be prepared to wait if you're going during high time.  For it being so darn crowded all the time and for communal seating (I absolutely HATE communal seating) I had to take off a star.  If you can deal with waiting and potentially making new friends in a cramped environment, it's probably 5 stars for you!My friends and I came during Happy Hour. The ambiance was casual and very enjoyable. They are basically delicious pizza-like pies. Given Happy Hour prices, we had to try everything.The castello monaci "liante" salice salentino went really well with the pizza.My favorites were probably yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorinoechanterelle mushroom, truffle cheeseguanciale, soft egg, beacon hill arugulaThey also had small table in the back for people who came to study, write, or enjoy a good table with the food. I would definitely come back again when I have the chance.I read about this place in my AAA magazine before traveling to Seattle for a work conference.  I have a couple high school friends living in the Seattle area so I coordinated with one of them to have dinner here one night.  We were lucky to get seated right away at a nice spot next to the window on a gorgeous, sunny Seattle evening!*YUM*!!  My friend and I had slightly different tastes and likes for pizza toppings - no problem!  We each ordered our own pizzas and they're just the right size!  She ordered a mozzarella and tomato pizza while I ordered the penn cove clam, house pancetta and lemon thyme pizza - yummm!  I was lovin' it with a little bit of kick spice and a Washington brewed beer.  We also wanted dessert and were curious about the chocolate budino, sea salt, olive oil.  The waitress described this has a rich, chocolate pudding - ok, that did it, we ordered it.  It was gone in seconds, 3 yummy seconds!  You've got to get this!  If I'm in the Seattle area again, I would definitely come back here - yummy, good memories!  :)More like "Seriously Frustrating", or "Seriously Condescending People Serving You an Overpriced Pizza Except During Happy Hour When the Prices Are Somewhat Reasonable".....Well, maybe the business wouldn't boom with a name like that... I can't rate the pizza here, though I've heard anywhere from "salty" to "amazing" to "the best damn pizza you'll ever eat". Whatever, doesn't matter what it tastes like if you never get in the door.We went to Serious Pie yesterday to catch a little happy hour. Upon entering, the host just stood, looking into space, silent. Okaaaayy.... There is another gentleman on the phone, and upon his hanging up, he likewise looks right past us to the other employee, and starts making change for all her tips. The don't say a single word. Either of them.We stood there for about 3 minutes before deciding (and saying aloud) that they were obviously too busy to take a name or offer a table. Welcome to the condescending bullshit that permeates popular restaurants (some of them, anyway) in Seattle. What a way to spend an anniversary. Thanks guys. Ever heard of the term foodouche? Yeah, me neither...I know that I disagree with like 900 other people, but hey, gotta love diversity, right? PS - I've never tried to pizza. It sounds awesome. Dunno that I really care how good fennel sausage is with crap service like this.Thanks for listening...This pizza is crazy good. Like, crazy crazy good. We shared one for two of us, and added a draft rootbeer for each of us.It was &*(&^ing awesome. We will go back when we are in Seattle.I got so inspired after this meal, when we went home I tried to make my own pizza... with limited success. haha.We loved Serious Pie so much that we wanted to go twice before we left Seattle. So delicious.We had the fancy supreme-style pizza with fennel sausage, etc. and the chantrelle/ truffle pizza. Both were tasty though I preferred the truffle pizza. Delicious. The crust was thin and crisp and perfect. Dreaming about serious pie...Why so serious? Recently came to Serious Pie after  a full day of walking and eating -- we came around 6pm on a Saturday to put our names down for a table. Host person let us know it would be about an hour wait and they'd give us a ring. To our surprise it was only about 25 min later that they called that our table was ready. The dining area is small and it is shared tables. Could be sorta weird for some since you are really thisclose to your neighboring diners. Our group had 6 so no sharing for us! Its nice that there's also purse hooks under the table - i love it when restaurants / bars think of the little details to make women happy. Our server recommended for our group of 6 that we order at the minimum of 4 pizzas since she did say they were small. Since we had just come from two oyster happy hours we weren't starving so decided on 3 pizzas. Tried the buffalo mozz, sausage fennel, & truffle oil crimini. Of the 3 my fav was the buffalo mozz - i think i could eat that whole pizza myself. For dessert we ordered their special dessert pie - which was an apple pie but on pizza dough. It was DELICIOUS.Overall the food and service were on point and would love to come back next time I'm in Seattle!Just went there today with friends and boyfriend. We just missed the happy hour (shoooot), so decided to share 2 pizzas. Got the chantrelle & truffle cheese and the yukon gold pizzas.VERY delicious. I really enjoyed their crusts, I like crispy pizza!They did seem to lack majorly in the beer selection, that's why they only get 4 stars. Our server was not so friendly, and didn't really pay attention to us (took 10 minutes to even greet us...), but I did notice it was pretty busy so I give him that. But when he actually did come to us, he lacked any & all personality....This is our 2nd time at a Tom Douglas place, the other being Lola's, which was good also.Overall, good experience, will definitely go again.Serious rip off.Come on, people. Don't act like one of these pizzas shared between two or, god forbid, three people actually fills you up. I'll admit the pizza I got was delicious (it was a special of the day with some kind of pesto, cherry tomatoes and arugula) but for $16 and the size of the thing, the toppings could be a bit more adventurous, no?I just can't see spending any money on this place again. It's a nice place but having to share a table with strangers isn't exactly my favorite past time. And as I said, the food is very good but not worth the money or the wait.If you're from the area, why not just head to the supermarket, buy that pre-made dough in the refrigerated deli section, purchase some unique toppings (or not, nothing wrong with some sauce and shredded mozzarella), maybe make some pesto at home and there ya go. And if you're not from the area, like I'm not, just keep walking. You didn't come to Seattle for the pizza, right?My BFF told me this is a great place to go when the weather is dreary and dismal. She was right! We went last night and this place instantly made me feel warm and fuzzy inside. I suppose the Dogfish IPA and pizza also helped... We sat at one of the tall communal tables, which I actually ended up liking. I didn't feel too squished or awkward, plus I was able to easily spy on my neighbor's pizza! We ordered the artichokes with iowa speck and chilis to start. The dish was pretty good, just not very exciting or flavorful. We ordered two pizzas: -The house salumi with caramelized onions and sardegna- tasty cheese and salumi -Guanciale, soft egg, arugula- the winner! The mix of spicy, salty and... egg was just amazing! I swear I could eat this every day! Yummy, chewy crust. Serious Pie melted away my crappy weather blues and made my tummy Seriously happy. :)Seriously! Serious pie had some serious issues - and I am not talking about the food here peopleLikes1) Food tasted awesome....both pizzas we got were great. (Truffle cheese and Chantalle Mushroom and Eggplant)2) Cute trendy place to eat - but horrible wait timesDislikes1) The front end ladies were so nasty. I was so surprised how snobby and rude they were. If I owned a business I would want my friendliest, most people friendly people upfront.  No fans of snobs - pu- lease - you work at a pizza place.2) Prices were on the pricey side but still worth it.3) Wait times were crazy (2 hours for sit down and 1 hour for take out)I seriously doubt I would pay so much to go back - Serious Pie needs a serious overhaul of their staff and I am sure they would see a serious increase in their business. But, in all seriousness - the food was pretty good!This is not your college-pizza, but if you want yummy and delicious, albeit expensive, then I certainly recommend!The concept of eating at a Tom Douglas restaurant is enticing, to say the least. Thus, my trip to Serious Pie was filled with excitement.After waiting for our waitress to bring us drinks for several minutes (and subsequent refills took even longer), I was a bit turned off by the inattentiveness. Does Serious Pie want to be a fine dining establishment that's representative of the unique offerings of Seattle? Or does it want to carry the feel of a dive where you have to flag your waitress down because she doesn't give a hoot about you? It was a paradox that I walked away with.The food was okay, but not special. The pizza crust is thin and handmade - it's authentic and unique, as are the original toppings. We ordered the olives as appetizers and they were very tasty. But in the end, the food was overpriced for what you get. After all, I always ask myself if I can make what they can at home, and the answer is, yes I can. You don't want to come here unless you're ready to savor and taste the food (in other words, portions are a bit on the tiny side).Off to Pegasus, where the real pizza is.Two trust worthy foodies recommended this spot to me as a must try when visiting Seattle and admittedly, they were so on point. This restaurant is great and one of the more memorable meals from the trip. Off the bat, the place doesn't take reservations or have a huge waiting area so drop by, leave your name and number and head over to the Buenos Aires grill to have some drinks before dinner.A few drinks later, we got the call and made our way back to Serious Pie for some serious eating. The place is tiny but laid out really well. It's essentially family style dining with long bar height tables to grub on. While this may not work out for most people (ie. the couple that were already at our table when joined by us - five rowdy mildly inebriated guys), it does add to the fun factor of eating out. The menu is comprised of a variety of flat bread pizzas that are all garnished with random, probably all organically grown, ingredients... yes, the typical menu style for a foodie wet dream. Because the pizza's are basically individually sized, we ended up ordering half the menu and tried: their margherita style pizza, the sausage tomato, the clam pizza, the salumi and then their house special of the evening, some anchovy concoction.  All the pizzas were great and lasted a grand total of 10 minutes at the table before we inhaled them all. That said, the sausage pizza is excellent and a must try when visiting this place!I'm glad I had the chance to stop by this place and such an excellent yet simple concept to pizza dining.Maybe it should have been named "Serious Crust" instead. My brother and I went to Serious Pie recently to check out their happy hour, which runs from 3 to 5 p.m. on weekdays. We were seated right away at one of the six tall, rectangular tables. I was surprised how comfortable the low-back stools were. Our waitress gave us a minute to look at the happy hour drinks; I had a bottle of Birra Moretti, an Italian lager. It was good, but nothing special. For my pizzas, I had one chanterelle & truffle cheese pizza, and one tomato & mozzarella pizza. The first of these had a strange smell, and the crust was quite salty and granular, as though it had been salted. The pizza itself tasted OK, but I was unimpressed. There should have been more cheese and fewer mushrooms. There was an imbalance between the two flavors. I was glad to finish it and move on to the tomato & mozzarella pizza. This pizza was absolutely delicious, and I probably could have eaten another one, or at least shared with someone. The crust had a really great texture and a chewy consistency, but I would have liked to see more toppings and less bare crust. I like the idea of the miniature happy hour pizzas, but they're so small that each adult could easily eat 2 or 3 in one sitting. On top of this, the low ratio of toppings to crust makes me question the value of a happy hour menu in the first place. On the other hand, the atmosphere and the pizzas (well, some of them) are really good!Came here to try the Chantrelle Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizza to see what all the hubbub was about... Ok, ok, so it was good. But not like MIND BLOWING good. I'll give it 3.5 stars.After hearing all the hype about a Tom Douglas pizza place, I had to come here.The quality of the pies is good, and the ambience was very nice.But for the prices charged, I was expecting "knock your socks off" goodness. Sorry. This doesn't happen here. The pizzas, quite frankly, don't compare to the excellence of Tutta Bella or even the above-averageness of Fondi. The crust on my pizza was burned in too many places, and it just was too crunchy.End result? Don't buy into the hype. Duck into either of the aforementioned pizza places, or even the nearest Pagliacci's.I keep on hearing about this place... Serious pie... that has nothing to do with Pie.    T Duggy's version of pizza.  Etablishedment that fits about 50 + people or almost always lines that you can count on.        Line are almost always guaranteed. An hour wait that is on average.  They are apparently know for the potatoe pizza...   And I have been known to always try things that are known. I have tried it and it's exactly what you imagine.. Potatoes on top of pizza. So if you think you'll know what it'll taste like... (kinda like potato gratin on top of pizza)... it will be what it taste like.      OVer all the food won't be bad. The atmosphere is nice. So come here with 1-4 people just to chill and enjoy dinner and your company. i did. :)I'm with Tom. I was incredibly disappointed with my visit, as Dahlia has always been one of my favorites.The high seating and table arrangement is awkward and makes me feel even more short than I already am.The pizza selection was small, and my buffalo mozzerella and san marzano tomato pizza was a joke. Keeping in mind I had just returned from Italy a few weeks prior, and trust me, I was used to having pizza with little to no tomato sauce (there would at least be a few sections that had a good dollop of the ol' San Marzanos). Serious Pie's rendition had a tiny tiny tiny brush of tomato in barely any parts -- it was like eating cheese on bread. This was incredibly disappointing. I will say that the bread soup was VERY VERY good though, and would easy be a meal in itself due to how rich and dense it was. I've had much, much better pizza at Tutta Bella, and the atmosphere just didn't do it for me.Shame on me!Last fall, while on a trip to the Pacific Northwest, my girlfriend and I sought out a Tom Douglas restaurant to get the quintessential culinary experience of Seattle.  If all of the digs are like this place, I could find myself moving to Seattle REAL soon. The pizzas here are not going to be your deep-dish, Chicago style of pies, but the quality ingredients and interesting combinations here offer an excellent dining experience.  I don't recall the exact pizzas my sweetheart and I shared, but one featured figs on the pizza, another had what was essentially an arugula salad on top of it - all of it SO GOOOOD. Serious pie is set up for socializing with your fellow patrons - don't expect to have a quiet table in the corner.  Those don't exist here.  The tables are elevated picnic table-style - unless your party is rather large, you are going to be sharing space with others.  We met a handful of friendly locals that gave us great insight to the Seattle area as well.  One couple was friendly enough to share a slice of their pizza with us.  My shame is in having taken this long to share the great experience I had here at Serious Pie.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who finds themselves in the downtown Seattle area.This restaurant has given my perennial favorite pizzeria, Tutta Bella, a serious pie for its money. I went to Serious Pie last night, and I was blown away.  The presentation, texture, and the flavors were unique and amazing!  We ordered the following pizzas:- roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese- guanciale, soft egg, arugula- house salumi, caramelized onions, sole di sardegna - roasted porcini, smoked pancetta, wood violet Everyone loved the salumi; it had the best flavor and satisfied the demanding carnivores in our group.  The "soft egg" pizza was one of the more unique experiences.We had several bottles of chardonnay and chianti throughout the evening and capped it off with some delicious cannoli and of course, Triple Coconut Cream Pie from Dahlia's Bakery.Serious Pie was one of the stops on the Savor Seattle Gourmet Food Tour - what a treat! The restaurant was so packed, but luckily we dined a la sidewalk for our samples, no wait! - Buffalo Mozzarella and San Marzano Tomatoes- Roasted Chantrelle and Truffle Cheese (This pizza was featured on the Food Network) Both were deliciousssssssssosososss. So delicious we came back Monday for lunch! We HAD to order the Roasted Chantrelle and Truffle Cheese pizza, but this time we tried the Cherry Bomb Peppers and Sweet Fennel Sausage - ALSO DELICIOUS.So my first rendezvous with Serious Pie was nothing less than a miracle. While savoring every morsel of my roasted chantrelle, truffle cheese pizza I sparked up a conversation with the gentleman to the right of me. He said he was an Italian native and had tasted all the best pizzas that Europe has had to offer and although the Serious Pie pizza isn't thick like he's used to, he loves the fact that the crust tastes like you're biting the air... aka the fluffy crust is HEAVEN. I was hesitant at believing him until one of his relatives called his cell and he began to speak the native tongue.The thought crossed my mind for a nano-second to take the remainder of my pizza home in a doggy back but the sheer delight of my tastebuds was enough to throw me into a pizza trance and I was able to finish every last tidbit of truffle heaven. So umm... what are you waiting for?5 hours to spend in Seattle, where to go?! Checked out Yelps most reviewed and found this little spot. Maybe I came with too high of an expectation or maybe because I was full from sampling everything in the nearby market, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.The place itself is nice with friendly people but the pizza  I had, the chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese (I believed raved about on Food Network) was ok. The dough, shrooms, cheese were all good and light, but nothing really stood out. I would definitely like to come back and try something else sometime.It's always a tradition to go here with my eating partners-in-crime whenever I visit Seattle, and since it seems like this restaurant has some serious evangelists already, I'll keep quiet about my near-hysterical (@$#@?&$%!!!) love for this place.I usually like to eat a whole pizza to myself, but usually I can eat more than that, so that's why I like to invite friends to come eat with me so I can eat theirs too. My faves:- soft egg, spicy coppa,  tender mustard greens- yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino- penn cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thymeYes, the room is really tiny and the wait can get really long, but once you shove that first slice deep into your mouth, the whole room slows down like it does in the movies, and you have this major epiphany and realize that all those annoying details are insignificant to this glorious moment of culinary perfection melting in your mouth.ferosh.netDefinitely waited longer than the 30 minutes we were quoted, closer to 90 minutes; however, they did make up for it by bringing us the Charcuterie Plate. Everything we ordered was delicious, the buffalo mozzarella, sweet fennel sausage, and the free range egg w/smoked prosciutto. The service was excellent & atmosphere is very inviting. We will definitely be back soon.I don't normally like thin-crust pizza. The rosemary and potato pizza totally upended this bias. I'd almost prefer to call it a delightfully crispy flatbread, but that might not do it justice. I'm always happy to find nice restaurants with solid vegetarian options. Nothing vegan, but can't complain given the whole pizza-place thing.Only complaint: I'm not a fan of communal tables. Unless I have a larger group, I'm a little turned off by it. I love new people, but not while I'm eating at a fancyish restaurant.We stumbled into Serious Pie, suffering from delusions and pangs of hunger after a flight from Los Angeles and a slow drive into the city from the airport.  We just wanted a snack because we missed lunch but were going to dinner in a couple of hours so we ordered two pizzas to split between four people.We had the potato and rosemary pizza as well as their special, which I believe was heirloom tomatoes and some sort of pesto. I thought both were pretty tasty but the other three people I was with really, really loved the special pizza with the tomatoes.We've been here several times and even though there's always been a bit of a wait, the service has been fantastic. Nice to have a glass of something while we wait, and the pizza is always worth the wait.  We had the 'special' this week (to say it was ham and olives wouldn't do it credit) and it was fantastic.  Crisp crust, just the right amount of toppings.  For us one was enough to share, but if we'd had room we would have ordered two.  And the dessert (a chocolate mousse-like one) was the perfect size to finish off the meal.We lucked out and got a private table for two, but the larger tables are more fun when you feel like socializing a bit.  We're glad to see Seattle getting better at the open table concept.When you're in the mood for good pizza, sometimes it's just worth the wait.  Case and point of my dining experience last night.  Came in on a Friday night with my bf around 6:45, expecting a wait, of course, not expecting however that wait to be an hour and 20 minutes... The hostess was friendly and took our name/number and we twiddled our thumbs over cheap beers at the Icon Grill a block down the street until I snatched my cell the second it vibrated 20 minutes early!  YES!  We're in!  The pizza as usual was sublime, my fave is the truffle cheese + chantrelle (still as flavorful and yummy as I remember it).  Worth the wait!Not your traditional pizza joint.  Could see why some Yelpers are not a fan of the fresh-baked thin crust, fresh toppings, and ingenious tastebud combos.The food is fresh but the space is cramped, cozy at best.Tried the following:yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino - this one was good, but the tastes seem to meld together and are very mild.cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage  - The peppers were yummy and the sausage was slightly spicy and deliciousroasted yellowfoot mushrooms, truffle cheese  - by far my favorite but I do have a bias towards mushrooms.  mmm... and the truffle cheese is so good!house salumi, caramelized onions, sardegna - love the house salumi and matches perfectly with the onions.If you were starving, you could definitely polish one off yourself.  It's good to go with a group of 2-3, try some different ones and maybe take home a slice or two of your fave!I was influenced here by a segment on the food network channel called "Ten Best things I Ate." Tyler Florence did a review on this place so I came here just for this.Wild Boar Sausage - sausage was delicious and just what I had in mind, it was flavorful and served on a thin crust.Buffalo Mozzarella - the tomato sauce on this pizza is so good, you must try.Penn Cove Clams - super good because the herbs and clams just compliment each other well along with the cheese, omg I never thought clams would go well on a pizza, but it sure did!Friendly and cozy environment, locals are open for good conversation, the place is close to Pike Street.Ate lunch here with my sis in late October. Her sausage pizza was full of good flavor and the crust is thin and crispy as we like it. My mushroom with truffle cheese was also good but the chanterelles could have been cut smaller. The bustling atmosphere is cheerful on a rainy day and they accommodated us with one of the tables in back by the window so we could gab in private. We split a slice of coconut cream pie from Tom's Dahlia Bakery for dessert. If you get a pizza each, there will be leftovers unless you're a big eater. IMHO, it's pricey for lunch but a good splurge once in a while with someone you really like.Love it! Even with all the great pizza in Seattle, this is one of my favs. Now put some locations on the North Side!Tom Douglas' Serious Pie is definitely not for those that want authentic East Coast pizza but as far as gourmet style pizzas go, I've never had better. Just around the corner from his Dahlia Lounge, Tom Douglas has created an interesting dining experience with a small but charming space. Make no mistake, the pizzas here are definitely expensive but for those that think paying $15 is not acceptable for a pizza, think of the food here as transcending the traditional pizza mold. The pizzas offered here blend traditional italian-american flavors with those of the northwest. I mean where else can you get Penn Cove clams and pancetta on the same pizza? My favorites are the Green Eggs and Ham as well as the Truffle Cheese pizza. The smell of truffle oil alone is enough to make my mouth water. Give this place a try.Definitely not an everyday pizza joint, but a tasty, tasty spot to go when you want to splurge on pizza.  If you like brick oven pizza and toppings a bit less ordinary, check it out.I'm a big fan of the mushroom/truffle cheese pizza, and the cherry bomb peppers with fennel sausage. There wine list is also sufficient, and the servers make great paring recommendations.This place is owned by the same people who own the Dahlia Bakery around the corner and it shows in the quality of their crust.$14 for a pizza is a lot, but these definitely qualify for gourmet.Figure one pizza per person eating, if you're even moderately hungry.If you don't know what the toppings are, just ask, my waiter was cool about explaining it.In my opinion there is better pizza in Seattle, but this place is pretty unique and worth a try if you're looking for gourment specialty pizzas.Came here with my friend K on his rec -- and he's a foodie so when he says "Let's eat here," I listen.It was a Thurs night, around 8ish...the wait was about 10 minutes but we ordered wine and all was well.  (Aside: they have my FAVORITE red wine on the list!!  Capestrano Montepulciano d'Abruzzo 2005!)We ended up ordering 2 'zas, the chanterelle pie and a special with anchovies and buffalo mozzarella.  K knew our server so we were given a calamari salad on the house to whet our appetites -- a really nice treat, actually.  :)Arrival of the pizzas -- hot damn, they were gorgeous and tasty.  Slightly salty flatbread crusts, perfectly baked (a little charred for flavor, of course) and the combinations were top-notch.  The anchovy one was particularly good -- my admiration for that salty, slimy marvel grows a little every day.K let me take home all the leftovers, so I enjoyed more Serious Pie the next day for lunch.  :-)Seriously impressed with Serious Pie.  Go and see for yourself!  Hope to be back soon...K, are you listening?Yep. They're right. That's some Serious Pie. The soft egg pizza and beet salad were both to die for, and the pizza tasted just as good two days later.Sidenote: Why must most of Mr. Douglas' establishments seem to suffer from the same slow-motion service? It's like some kind of vortex or something. Surely you won't come here when you're already hungry. Right?Serious pie? Seriously DIVINE pie! Seriously INTERESTING pie.OK so its a bit pricey, and as my friend described it, "fancy pants pizza", but it tastes every bit as good as it smells. I'm not normally a huge fan of pizza crust and have to really push myself not to throw those bready bits away, but in this pizza I actually sought out the extra crusty pieces because it was cooked to perfection, not in the least bit dry or doughy, and very flavorful. They used a combination of interesting meats, cheeses, and other toppings (egg, clams, you name it) to create novel flavors and combinations.The interior was lovely as well, I really enjoyed the cozy bar-like feel - the slightly unusual art work and tall wooden tables, comfortable yet still classy. Its loud and busy (and they don't take reservations) but the wait is absolutely worth it.My husband who likes pizza with simple toppings (pepperoni sausage and mushrooms) got a frown on his face when he saw the menu at Serious Pie. I ordered him the fennel sausage and roasted peppers pizza; he looked mad but didn't say a word. When the pizza arrived he looked skeptical; picked it up and took a bite then finished his pizza. Next he asked me if I was going to finish my pizza; and if not could he finish it for me. I didn't think I'd ever see him eat truffle cheese and chanterelles. Now he's eating the pizza with Penn cove clams. This really isn't pizza; it's in a class of its own.Every time I go, when I first bite into that crust I am reminded of why I love this pizza so much. I love the community seating; Seattleites are easy to talk to and so interesting. The atmosphere is warm with the wood fired pizza oven facing the dining area; the wait staff is on top of things and makes sure you don't miss a thing. They also have a great happy hour 3PM to 5PM half pizzas for $5The wait can be long so be prepared to give them your phone number and go browse nearby shops maybe at Westlake Center.Let's just be clear.  T. Douglas is a Seattle god, of sorts.  Don't get offended.  It's a fact.  And by fact, I mean it's my opinion.Well, there you have it.I'm sure this has been written several times, but it has to be said, again and again.  Serious pie is seriously good.If you've ever had any of the Tom Douglas' desserts, you already know how delectable they are.  Well, it's probably safe to say that people who make good desserts are also good bakers.  Well, people, you know what comes next.  Good bakers make good crust.  Thin,crispy, and wood-fired, just as it is intended.  And a good crust is the foundation of a good pizza, no?Let's be clear, I don't run around using words like umami, mostly because I'm just not that food smart.  I'm just greedy.  But the mushroom pizza embodies umami-pleasantly savory.  The mushrooms have a perfect meaty, but brothy kind of flavor.  It's a light, but hearty pizza.The potato topped pizza is also very good.  As others have pointed out, this pizza is a unique treat.  Usually, I like my potatoes and rosemary to be accompanied by meat.  But as this pizza proves, when cooked well, you just need some cheese and crust as a vehicle to shove it in your mouth.  More please.I just realized that both the pizzas I ate were non meat pizzas.  Well, I'll just have to fix that, won't I? I shall return, especially to try the pizza with the duck egg!Amen.As a pizza place, the selection is limited and the prices excessive for the portion sizes.  Pagliacci Pizza or Zeek's Pizza give you more for less, and offer similarly quirky pizza flavors.As a gourmet restaurant that happens to serve predominantly pizza, Serious Pie is serious yummy.  I ate here with a friend, and we ordered two pizzas: the salumi/onion/sardegna from the regular menu, and an apple/prosciutto/wood violet (?!) daily special.  We thought it might be too much food, but it was just right.We had low expectations for the daily special and its chichi ingredients, so we were pleasantly surprised when it was the better of the two.  It's hard to go wrong with bacon and apples, I guess, and the wood violets were like less-bitter watercress.  It worked.  The pizzas were a little salty, but good.Nice atmosphere, and service was fine.  At 6:15 on a Tuesday night it was empty but filling quickly; by the time we left around 7 the restaurant and waiting area were completely packed.  Will definitely go again, despite the price.Menu and prices are posted on the restaurant's website.SERIOUSly good PIEs!Wow, somebody shoot me. Anyways.My popped my Tom Douglas Cherry with this place and all the hype and reputation is well-merited.The ambience was very comfotable - dimly lit, long tables (sitting 6-8, good for small groups, not really for anything bigger) with barstools, and full view of the kitchen and their beautiful brick oven.I tried 3 of their pies - Peppers and Sauge, Mushroom and Truffle Cheese, and Clams. The Mushroom (roasted chantrelle, yum) and Truffle Cheese was the best. The crust on all 3 were superb. They were all a tiny bit salty but they were nothing that a cold brew couldn't cure.Lastly, their happy hour is the bomb! $5 mini-pies, $3 beers, and $4 wines. Sweet.Best Pizza In Town!!!!!!After moving from Portland, the pizza's in Seattle had some stiff competitionYet Serious Pie has disappointed me yet! They're pizzas are insanely good and their pricing and proportions are highly appropriate. Definitely a restaurant to check out!If we're in the neighborhood and there are seats open, we'll stop in for some pizza.  The seating is always a little cramped, particularly for my partner who is over 6'.  The food is good.  We wouldn't wait in line for it, though.  And it is a bit overpriced for what it is; then again, that's true of most Tom Douglas restaurants.What a cute place!  Tiny and cozy.  The tables are high benches that are shared amongst hungry guests.  The pizza is relatively small... I figure one and a half pies will fill you up.  The buffalo margarita pie is great... nice salty taste on the crust (and I really don't like salt so I never thought I would say that!).  The truffle cheese and mushroom pizza was ridic.We loved it so much, we got a pie to go for the flight home... It's much better hot, but better than an air plane hamburger!  The guy next to us on the plane was quite jealous.I went into this place really wanting to like it. I had read most of the reviews here on Yelp and was really excited.We went on a Saturday afternoon around 2:00. We had 2  adults and 1 child in our party. We waited about 30 minutes for a table which was pretty good. The staff was very friendly. We ordered the Yukon potato pizza, a cheese pizza (for our 3 year old) and the black kale salad. Black kale salad's flavor was not even. One bite would be bland and the next salty or spicy. Once I mixed it up, it was very tasty.Yukon gold potato pizza wasn't exciting at all. How can one get excited over potatoes on bread? Bland and boring.Cheese pizza was not kid friendly. My kid took one look at it and screamed, so mom and dad ate it. It was black in some places and soggy in others. The cheese is not shredded, its melted balls of mozzarella on top of sauce. Once again very bland.The unisex bathroom reeked of urine and was littered with paper.The only reason I think people like this place is because its trendy. I can't imagine people going for the food.Serious pie has the greatest pizza I have ever eaten. I always go for the penn cove clam pizza. It is truly divine.I think the pizza is DELICIOUS.  If you like olive oil and herbs more than thick tomato sauce, I think you'll enjoy these tasty pies.  And I drink wine with pizza, that's who!  A carafe of chianti was the perfect accompaniment as my friend and I devoured a pizza each.  I had the mushroom one and every bite was amazing and complex.  My friend's mozarella and tomato pie was simple but oh so satisfying.  We got there at 6pm and were seated immediately- maybe try arriving before 7 if you hate to wait.  The no-soda thing is kinda dumb, but a night without carbonated high-fructose corn syrup would do everyone some good.  I'll be going back.So I was visiting Seattle for the weekend and a friend told me I had to try "Serious Pie."  The wait was about 45 minutes (which wasn't cool, but we walked up the street to the whiskey bar and that was ).  We ordered a pie and some appetizers...OMG, all of it was GREAT!!!This was well worth the wait, but it still would have been better if the wait was shorter.  If you feel like pie and don't mind the wait, you have to try Serious Pie.  Oh, one last thing, they have communal tables.  Not sure how I feel about them, but the pie was great!Good food, kind of close-to-strangers in the seating arrangement. But whatever, I probably need to be more relaxed with that anyway.We came in on a Monday and really had no wait! How lucky! Service was fast and quality. We weren't feeling very appetizer-y so we went straight to entrees. We ordered the sausage and roasted pepper pizza and the mushroom and truffle pizza. It took about 15 minutes for our pizzas to come out. They were piping hot with melty cheese and a crispy crust. I loved the flavor combos and the fresh awesome ingredients. The only thing was that the crust was a bit hard for me. The roof of my mouth was a bit raw after eating a couple slices. Other than that I thought it was pretty good!This was a pit stop on our way to Whistler. Our friends had missed their flight and we had a few hours to kill while we waited for them. Thanks to my crackberry and Yelp, I found Serious pie!I didn't want to stop for fast food and I knew the group wanted to relax in a nice place for a little bit. SOOO.. this place DID deliver in terms of ambiance, warmth and I think thats about it. The pizza is what you call "artisan" in my opinion. We tried as many as we could and ended up liking the most common. "Common" would mean something you can find at any pizza place.Do not order the Anchovy pizza they have on special. TOOOO saltyThe mushroom pizza is OK. Nothing exciting. Something about the word truffle made us get excited but it didn't deliver.Their version of the Margherita is good. Satisfying if its your fave.We also had the sausage pizza and I think that was the winner. Again, because it might have tasted like something familiar we have all had at one place or another.Our waitress was excellent so I am not going to take off another star just for that reason. She was nice enough to let us taste the bread they bake for other local businesses. 3 star pizza, 5 star service= 4I LOVE THIS PIZZA!! For all of us connoisseurs out there who know that pizza doesn't have to come from a national chain or be eaten off the floor of our frat house or dorm room, comes Serious Pie. It's all about the cherry bomb and fennel sausage pie! Very traditional pizza you would think, but the combo is just killer!! Fresh ingredients, and applewood smoked crust that is chewy and crisp at the same time. It's a little slice of heaven on earth (pun intended.) The clam and lemongrass pizza is just as good, all depends on your preference... I only have one bad thing to say about Serious Pie, and it's that I couldn't it delivered to my dorm room a few years back!!It was so good we went there twice! We were in Seattle for 3 days and we loved Serious Pie so much we had two of our three lunches there. Another Tom Douglas creation, the best way I can describe it is Seattle's Pizzeria Mozza (Los Angeles). If you haven't had Mozza you must if you are in LA, sorry Tom but this even tops your brilliance. It is a small restaurant, and much of the time you will be sat at a community tables. It still offers enough privacy. It seats 6, one couple on each end. We started with a carafe of their house Chianti (ONLY $15)!!! For starters we went with the burrata and the bruschetta. The burrata consisted of peaches with a light Italian cheese, and pine nuts. Sounds odd, and it kind of was, but it was soooo good. The bruschetta, which was off the menu the 2nd time we went, had chopped up summer squash and just oozed with flavor. Now to the important stuff - the pizza. We had one of their specialty of the week pizzas and two that are on the menu everyday. The specialty was the pork belly pizza. Great flavor, but a bit buttery. The two stars were the mushroom truffle pizza and the cherry-bomb peppers & sausage. The truffle and mushrooms created an amazing combination, almost too rich. The sausage and sweet peppers worked magic in my mouth - great combination. Service was solid. It tends to get pretty busy during the week, so go early for lunch. No reservations.I came here with my sister for a nice little Saturday lunch. We ordered two pizzas - the roasted chantrelles/truffle cheese and the house salumi/caramelized onions/sardegna. Let me first start by saying that the crust is amazing! It's perfectly thin and crispy and airy with charred bits every now and then. The chantrelles and truffle cheese pizza was good but I probably wouldn't order it again. The chantrelles are earthy and the truffle cheese is also earthy. Too much earth for me. A plain truffle cheese pizza would be perfect. The salumi, caramelized onion, and sardegna pizza was delicious. The house salumi that day was a pork and apple...yummmy! All the toppings worked great together with no one flavor overpowering the others. The prices are definitely a bit steep so this will not be a place I go to often but eventually I'll make my way through the menu.On a cool late Friday night, we decide to head to Serious Pie to try out what it was all about. We arrived at around 9:45pm, and were told that there would be a 30-45 minute wait.It turned out to be a 20 minute wait instead, and we were seated near the window at one of the communal tables . We were given ice water, and a simple menu was presented to us. Basic starters such as duck egg, asparagus, prosciutto sounded so good, but we decided on the yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino pizza only. These aren't quite 'pizzas' to me, but more like a flatbread with a softer crust. It was a light crunchy, thin crust, and not too dry. It was tasty, but a little too salty, and lacking substance. I don't know if it's just the potato one we got, but I felt that there should be another ingredient. Service was little slow, even though it was almost closing. I do like the concept though. Maybe they can think of different combinations of pizzas next time I visit?This pizza place has created a marriage between fancy, innovative food, &the uninspiring food I rarely eat, but enjoy (aka pizza). Wayy to go Tom Douglas!My table's picks: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorinocherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausageguanciale, soft egg, arugulaand a 0.5L of white wine to wash it all down.The pizza, if I could really call it such, was good. The flavors all popped. &they were unique. The soft egg pizza had some yolk oozing out at certain places, the cherry bomb peppers were slightly sour&sweet (I mistook them for cherry tomatoes), and the potato pizza was nicely seasoned. Nothing was bland or oily, and the crust was chewy& thin. It wasn't mind-blowing (like Don B. said), heart-stopping, or give the best pizza in all the world feeling. They lack a certain something that makes pizza, pizza. That certain something must have been the cheese... I didn't get the cheese stretchy sensation I enjoy in my pizza. In fact, I don't remember eating any cheesy pizza at all.  $15 for a pizza is also pricey. It doesn't really cost that much to make pizza (I know someone that's made fabulous pizza for really cheap!). It is a wonderful restaurant and an awesome addition to the culinary world.Seriously delicious.Another one of Tom Douglass's joint, Serious Pie is a gourmet pizza joint that uses unique local ingredients and combines them with one another to create some pretty great combos.I was in a group of 4 and we ordered 3 pizzas to share, which turned out to be perfect.  The best part to these pizzas besides the great ingredients, are the artisan crust.  It is basked in a stone oven with applewood at high temperature so the crust has this amazing charred crispy crust on the bottom with a great bite.  Amazing stuff.My favorite was the roasted mushrooms with truffle cheese.  Lots of mushrooms across the pie and you can taste the truffle doing its magic.  They add enough truffle oil so it is not overpowering and it enhances the earthiness of the pie with the mushroom really well!I also loved the cherry bomb peppers with the sweet fennel sausage.  The sausage itself is the star.  Sweet and just enough fennel to give it that distinct flavor.  The morels, arugula pesto and parmesan pie gathered some mixed reviews from our table because of the arugula pesto.  Since it's arugula, it had that bitterness to it which some people doesn't like.  I actually think it gives the pie a lot more character and it works well with the morel (type of mushroom that's currently in season) since morel itself doesn't have much flavor.Pizzas are not exactly cheap, ranging from $15-$17.  There's also a small selection of beer and wine.  If you haven't had Manny's Draft beer, get it.  It's damn good.Do come here early and put your name down because there's a good chance you'll be waiting.  The spot isn't very big.  They don't take reservations but you can leave your phone number so you can leave and your own thang while waiting for the ready call.  On a Saturday, the wait might be as long as 2 hours!I'm a traditional pizza guy!  I grew up in Chicago, and have had pizzas all over the country, N.Y., L.A., & of course Chicago.As I walked up to the restaurant I could smell the wafting smell of pizza being fired up in the oven!  My stomach begins telling me I'm super hungry!  I'm glad it's happy hour!So I go in and am greeted by the servers and hostess, I get seated and asked are all parties here, nope but I'll sit and have a cold one:Moretti Lager was crisp and great tasting!  I had the schooner exact king st. brown ale it was sweet and I likened it for a dessert beer, it was flavorful, and if it was darker it could have been mistaken for a guiness!So my ladies arrive and we get down to business.My Girlfriend orders: quattro mani montepulciano d' abruzzo 08& delicata squash, roasted garlic, gorgonzola luciferoFriend orders: chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheeseI order: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino & sweet fennel sausage, gypsy peppers, provoloneThe pizzas were amazing! crisp crust, flavorful ingredients, every bite was like the batman tv show- pow!  So dessert comes round: cannoli, huckleberries, spiced pear arborio rice pudding, apple,caramel, cinnamon  I can only talk on the cannoli it was great!Well me and my girlfriend have a list of restaurants to try, this one is staying on the list to try again! Gyeah!I went here for the first time last night and all I can say is LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!The pizza was really great. If you get there for happy hour you can get a personal pizza for $5. We ordered 4 between 2 of us and it was plenty. These are the varieties we orderedBuffalo mozzerella and basilsquash and gorgonzolayukon potato and rosemaryroasted mushroom and truffle oilThey were all amazing! Pizza is not my thing because the dough is never right for me but this was so flavorful. I think they put a salted garlic oil on the crust after it is cooked and it's bursting with flavor. The server was so fantastic! She was super friendly, prompt and when the kitchen made a (very small) mistake, she completely made up for it She got Serious an extra star from me because service can make or break a place and she made it. I will come back to Serious again and again and again. YUMWhile walking back to my hotel, I found myself walking right by Serious Pie. As I had been planning on just finding a snack at the hotel, and this place was still open, it didn't take much to change my mind and dart inside for a quick pizza. I had the clam and ham - really good, although, contrary to my earlier thought, the clam is actually pretty powerful. As in, you'd better like clams, which I do. Very nice mix, if not perhaps a tiny bit salty. And I want to re-emphasize how amazing the Big-E root beer is. Since I'm not a beer guy, I am a root beer guy by default, and while Big-E doesn't have the balance of Virgil's, it has an absolutely delicious, powerful anise and wintergreen flavor that's really awesome with the bready, salty pizzas. Good enough to get me to look up wherever it's made - what's that, just by the Edmonds ferry at the Ellersick Brewery? Trip planned.So while in Seattle for a conference and after having a lousy slice of pizza at the convention center I wanted something better.  I knew there must be better pizza somewhere in this city... and ideally within walking distance of the convention center.  I asked the two gals passing out free red bull and they suggested Serious Pie.  Three of us went and split 2 pizzas.  It was about right for three hungry guys who hadn't really had breakfast to speak of.  Ended up costing about $15-20 each.  So a little more then one would expect to spend on pizza, but hey, it's a trendy-ish place downtown.  The service was friendly and efficient enough (a trend in this city I've noticed) and the only "downfall" was that it's a kinda cramped little place.  If you are going alone you might like the communal seating, but if you are going with a group you might end up waiting a while until the correct seating arrangement opens up. We only had to wait a few minutes, but larger groups (from our same conference) who came after us did end up having to wait a bit longer. While I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've ever had, it's good stuff.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, very flavorful, and it had the home cooked rather than assembly line feel.  If you haven't been here, check it out.  I'm a cheapskate and even I though it was worth it.  If I end up back in Seattle, its on my list to visit again.I can't... for the life of me justify paying this much for pizza and having to sit so close to other people.I guess I could have asked for a private table, but we were all pretty hungry and we had already waited enough. I had their version of the Margherita pizza, my 99.99% of the time go-to pizza. It was delicious. It really was. But it was not $17-the-guy-beside-me-was-so-close-he-asked-me-if-­I-was-a-hardcore-yelper-because-he-could-see-­everything-I-did-on-my-phone delicious. I'm sorry.Maybe I should have tried the one with mushrooms and truffle cheese.Serious Pie means Serious business.  It was one of the last restaurants that I went to in Seattle.  Like serious.This was my last Tom Douglas restaurant that I stopped at in Seattle.  Deliciousness on a plate.My friend and I ordered the following:1) PENN COVE CLAMS, HOUSE PANCETTA, LEMON THYME PIE: Good, but too salty, in my opinion.  My friend said that it was better last time he went.2) FENNEL SAUSAGE, PEPPERS, AND PROVOLONE: Must get.  I thought this was much better than the pizza that my friend had.3) MARZIPAN TART WITH ICE CREAM: It was good - I thought the ice cream was absolutely delicious and the tart was just right.  Has a great almond taste to it.  However, I looked around saw some better desserts going around that day.Service was absolutely lovely.  Our waitress was really friendly and very very kind.  Can't go wrong with Serious Pie.First time I have came across to this joint by Yelp reviews, knowing the owner-chef beat Morimoto on iron chef, in battle salmon, it must have been good. Tom Douglas does a kick-ass job in his pizzeria. The room looks like the ones you would find in Italy, very casual and friendly. I know Vancouver, nowadays is flooded with Neapolitan style pizzerias, but all have to go down there and bite into Tom's crust; the color, crisp factor, fermentation, texture, doneness  and seasoning on the pie is disturbingly good. All the meat are cured in house. Rest of the toppings are fresh as can be and top notch as well. Wonderful wine and beer list, short and to the point. Prices, oh the prices, for the love you are getting it is dirt cheap. I am over-whelmed by the success and the completeness of this place, it DOES NOT get better than this, and may I say, not even in Naples. I do not think they take reservations, and it is jam-packed any given time. Make a trip to Seattle if you are a pizza fan. I promise it will be an experience.If it was not due to the fact that, I grew in another culture and in an ancient city full of wondrous cuisine which accompanied me for the first 25 years of my life; Serious Pie would be my favorite restaurant of all times. Still makes it to top 10, good job guys, I am a big fan.Tom Douglas is amazing!  We ate at 3 of his restaurants while visiting Seattle and Serious Pie is by far my favorite of the 3.  I wish I could get my hands on some of this pie now.  Crispy, thin, but packed with flavor.  We went during happy hour so we could get 2 mini-pies to try at $6 bucks each.  We got the clam pizza and the sausage roasted pepper pie.  I can't tell you which one was my favorite because both was so so so so so so good!  The clam flavored one was packed with clam so they didn't skimp on the ingredients and each bite was crispy, clam packed with a hint of lemon zest.  The sausage one was amazing also!  I highly recommend going during happy hour so that you can try different flavors.  I wanted to get the truffle flavored pie too but they were sold out of that flavor by 3!  All I can say is yummy!Oh my pie.Seriously good pie.Seriously good entertainment, too: Setting: Table next to usBackstory: People on a dateGuy: "Do you want dessert, or is it getting late?"Girl: "You're all I have planned for tonight..."Guy: "Ok, let's get some dessert."Girl: "You can be my dessert."Guy: completely ignores statementDessert arrivesGirl: "Mmm this is so good..." (licking her fingers, staring at guy)Guy: "It needs more rhubarb." (calls waitress over and proceeds to give his suggestions for making it better...)At this point, my companion and I are trying our best not to burst out laughing.Back to the pie - thin crust, wood fired to perfection, great combination of flavors, quality ingredients...what more can you ask for (aside from more rhubarb)? ;)Not bad for Seattle Pizza,  been here a few times and for brick oven its pretty good.  Fresh ingredients, great wine and awesome atmosphere.  I would advise everyone to go check it out.I went here with my girlfriend ready to experience another restaurant owned by the Seattle legend, Tom Douglas. I had heard so much about the place and was really excited to give it a try.Sadly, it was just.... Okay...We were surprised at the communal style seating, it was new and didn't bother us much at first. That is until three large men were seated right next to us. Not really a good place to bring a date. The prices were a little much (Around $17 per pizza), but I kind of expected that going into the place. We ordered the Mushroom and Truffle Cheese Pizza. Around 10 minutes or so later, a waitress returned with a buffalo mozzarella pizza. They apologized for the misunderstanding and gave us the pizza for free. We really appreciated that. The pizza was pretty good... nice thin crust... good sauce... cheese was great... Wasn't filling, but again, we kind of expected that. Then the mushroom truffle pizza came. This was the one I heard a lot about and was really excited to try. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The crust was really burnt and the flavors were pretty bland. Not at all what I expected. Overall... The place is... Okay... We MIGHT be back... But only if it's happy hour... Pros: Good service, pretty good pizza (when it's made correctly). Cons: Overpriced in my opinion, communal seating is kind of annoying when you have a small party and it's busy. Small portions.You know what?  I think I like this more than Via Trib.  Something about the perfection of the salting.  They've only got 5 pies or so on the menu and they're all good.  Great shrooms.  Each table is a 6 top and it's euro style so prepare to meet someone new.  Makes for a good time. A fitting Tom D spot.Serious "fur" pie is what I call it. Come on, they were asking for it!That being said, its actually good. Someone next to me said that that the egg pizza was the best (I hear its new on the menu, it has cappacola, crumbled fontina (i think), some sort of egg wash type thing and arugula) so we ordered it. It was a little weird but I liked it. The crust came thicker than the other pizza we ordered, the buffalo mozzarella and tomato sauce pizza. This was excellent. The price though? Not so excellent. Two $14 pizzas plus 3 (cheap) pbrs plus an order of 3 tiny too orangey cannolis=$50 with tip. Expensive, but worth the experiment. For that price I would expect more pizza.As for the whole crust thing... All in all it tastes good, but on the margherita it did seem like what others reviewed it as, flatbread with sauce and cheese. Tasty though, but not like home.I didn't know this was a Tom Douglas restaurant till the middle of the meal... if I'd known, I wouldn't have been so enthused to try it lol.  But this might be the only restaurant of his I will return.  For some reason, downtown and belltown was packed on a Tuesday evening... and after walking till my feet were numb, we walked into a pretty crowded and loud little joint at 8:30pm.  Thankfully, there were seats for four but it's one of those communal tables... throughout the evening, I couldn't help but eavesdrop on my neighbor's conversation!  "Microsoft... bitch... love... mango... Belltown... hell..."  Ok none of it made sense even if I glued it all onto on sentence.  But listen I did nonetheless.  Service is good and prompt.  The food... yumz!  I loved both the pizzas we had.  Both mushrooms but way different and absolutely delicious. truffle cheese and the other was a roasted chanterelle mushroom one... maybe I prefer the latter one... it had some spice and topped with an egg yum!  ...and the yes, the crust is heavenly!  I want to go back soon to try the pizza with fennel sausage... but too many other good places to go check out.  Can't wait to move here!Wish it was better...We waited an hour and then discovered that they thought we needed a table for 4 vs. two.They gave us a free app of asparagus, anchovies & chopped egg - ala Caesar - that was soooo chewy, fishy and weird that we only ate a little of itCherry bomb - I could have used more salt, fennel and spice.  Guanciale, egg and arugula (ala bacon and eggs) - lacking in Guanciale as the egg (believe it or not) dominated the flavorCrust for both was good on the edges, but completely soft throughout, so it was more dough than crust for me.Wait staff were very nice at least.Sadly disappointing.The BF LOVES pizza... I LOVE Tom Douglas!  We had been invited by another couple to share in the Serious Pie experience with them, unfortunately for us, our schedule did not allow for it... But about a month later, we were able to experience it on our own!We had two pizzas - Sweet Fennel Sausage, Roasted Peppers and Provoloneand Chanterelle Mushrooms with Truffled CheeseWe thought the pizzas were to die for!  The shrooms were meaty and melted in our mouths!  The sausages were sweet and full of flavor.  There are, both, communal tables and high tops.  We were sat at a two person high top.  The two tables to either side of us ordered the exact same order as us!  This place is packed with happy foodies!  The BF LOVES pizza... I LOVE Tom Douglas... Together, we LOVE Serious Pie!!!The bf suggested this place...I'm sure he found it through the Food Network channel haha. We got the sweet feenel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone cheese pizza - $18. It was pretty flavorful. Unfortunately, I had the Pike's seafood chowder from the market and was too full to eat anymore. The pizza wasn't round, the crust was think and crunchy. You definitely need to eat it with your hands as I've seen people eating pizza with a fork - you just can't stab the pizza...it's too thin - it will crumble to pieces.The tables are really close to strangers so you might feel a little uncomfortable or if you don't want others to be eavesdropping in your conversations. Other than that, the bf and I will be visiting this place again next time we hit Seattle!YUM.  This was awesome pizza.  This is a cute cozy little place- be ready to sit with strangers. :)  My husband and I split a cheese app and a pizza.  We also had a full carafe of the house chianti (only $15!).  The cheese was really yummy, a good way to start off. And the pizza? Fantastic!  Cherrybomb peppers and sweet sausage.  The crust was awesome, the tomato sauce is simple and delicious. Wow.  Delicious Pizza + affordable and yummy chianti = FANTASTIC lunch.  In all (appetizer + 1 pizza + wine carafe) it was only about $40- very reasonable.  Next time I'm in the area I will DEFINITELY be back.OK. This pizza provides an oralgasm!  You can't go wrong here. I will be back...often.Came to Seattle for vacation and heard many good reviews about this place (one of them in Wine Spectator) so thought I'd check it out with my boyfriend.  We ordered the bruschetta and Penn clove clam pizza the first visit.  I'm a pizza lover and when I tried their pizza I thought it was pretty good and tasty.  The bruschetta was very good but a little on the hard side (think I got too excited and swallowed the bread too quickly so got a cut on top of my throat).  My boyfriend thought the pizza was awesome but I think it was just 'very good'.  Maybe the smell of the pizza made me so hungry I just gobbled it all up without savoring the flavors. =P We liked our first experience so we decided to visit the place once more before heading back to San Francisco so we can try out other pizzas they had.  So the second time around we ordered their special and a pizza that had some kind of lamb meat in it.  Their special was really good and I think that was the best out of the three pizzas I tried.  As for the lamb pizza, it was too gamey; therefore I didn't really like it as much.  Overall I like this place.  It may be a little on the pricey side but I liked the flavors and the thin crust.  Would definately come back again if I visit Seattle.$16 for a personal sized pizza may be a bit much--but man is it good.  Definitely a fan of this place.  Now aside from Top Pot Doughnuts, there's a second reason to visit Seattle.The crust is great--light, fresh, and tasty.  I had the sausage and peppers pizza which was really good.  I do wish they had more sauce, or the sauce was somehow more flavorful.  But this is great pizza, for sure.I'll keep this super simple.-Expensive-Way too much burnt pizza-Taste was lacking-Our server had the personality of a brick-Not enough seating-Had to share table space with people we didn't know-Took too long to get seating at non-peak timeThis place has so much potential but does not deliver. I will not be coming back!An excellent place to go for an intimate, high end, pizza date.  I had no idea how small this place is, it's tiny - for some reason from the outside it looks a lot bigger.  I bet the place doesn't seat more than 30 people.The pizza options are diverse and both of the ones we had on Saturday were excellent.  I really enjoyed the pepper and fennel sausage pizza - the sausage was so flavorful and juicy - the thing got devoured pretty quickly.  We heard the waitress say  it's the most popular pizza - I can see why.  We also had the onion and salumi pizza, which was also good.  Next time I will be ordering the potato and rosemary pizza which I've heard is excellent.Our apps were pretty good, I had the brioche which was a deconstructed deviled egg on toast and Mitchell had a ridiculously large and rich serving of pate.  I honestly could have passed on both of them.  We ordered dessert - the cannoli - which was an interesting combination of flavors - I remember hazelnut and passionfruit both being in it.Next time I'll plan on just having pizza - the other stuff was good but not as good as the pizza.A really great pizza to try when you're looking for that little extra, a true gourmand pizza joint.  The crust on these pizzas is amazing, despite their small size and hefty price tags.  The ingredients are the best, and it comes through on one of their simpler offerings(The bufala mozzarella and san marzano) which is absolutely amazing.  The atmosphere in this small restaurant is cozy, with shared seating where you'll be elbow to elbow with fellow diners.  Their maple cannoli are also really good, and I went out of my way to try something new with their ox tongue appetizer(surprisingly good).If you're up for paying $15 a pie, you won't regret this experience.  Its a once in a blue moon type of place, and its a memorable experience.BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD.  Which is sad because I don't live in Seattle :(  Since I have had their pizza, I always compare it to Serious Pie and unfortunately nothing has come close.  I had their YUKON GOLD PIZZA and their SOFT COOKED EGGS PIZZA.  Both were insanely good.  It was the first time I had an egg on my pizza and it definitely wasn't the last.  I don't know what more to say other than it was PERFECTION! The crust was nice and chewy, not too thin.  The perfect amount of cheese for me and the seasoning! to die for!We finished the meal with a slice of their TRIPLE COCONUT CREAM PIE.  I'm still dreaming about that pie.  The crust was flaky, the filling was custardy and it was topped with some toasted coconut flakes.We visited Seattle from the Bay Area where we have lots of great pizza spots. This place didn't compare. The sausage pizza was okay but the truffled mushroom was not my thing. I also didn't like being a party of two and being sat at a table with a random family, especially when there were a few separate tables for 2 ppl open in the back. It's overpriced too.My review is based on the dollar rating of this place, which is seriously misguided. Two beers, pizza for two: $50, before tip. I kid you not. This place is a total rip-off.There is a place in Boston called Cambridge One which is nearly identical in concept, but 100% better in value. Here you get an 'individual pizza' that is way too much for one person, but not enough for two, and you get charged a minimum of $15 for it. Draft beers are minimum $6. Are the pizzas good? Yes. Are they mind-bogglingly awesome which the price would suggest? Absolutely not. And they are certainly not worth $17 on average.They could learn a lot from the aforementioned place in Boston, where you can get half-pizzas to try different options (*way* more options), or one full-sized pizza is enough for two people. And hey, it's just as delicious without you feeling ripped off.Also, it was very loud in here even without music being audible. And the communal seating is fine, until they try to squeeze a family of seven with a baby at a table that already has two people sitting at it, thus forcing the already seated people to move if they want to actually enjoy their meal.I was pleasantly impressed last night when I ate at Serious Pie. I tried the first 2 pizzas on the menu. At first I thought that potatoes on a pizza wouldn't be that great...but it gave it a nice and interesting flavor. There was a lot of rosemary on there for me, but it was still great. But, the other pizza I had was the best. It was mozzarella and tomato. It was really good. I can't wait to try the other Tom Douglas restaurants!Serious Pie was on a short list of recommendations I was challenged to conquer during a short trip to Seattle.  I was in town on business, staying downtown at the Westin, and Serious Pie was a short block away.  I needed a night in, so I called about a take out order.  Their online menu cautions that you need to call ahead about the daily menu, but the service on the phone got my attention right away.  The woman I spoke to took the time to talk with me about each of the pies I was considering and pleaded that I listen to the special, even though I was clearly deciding between two.I ended up with the fig & walnut appetizer (delish) and the roasted chanterelle & truffle cheese pie (seriously - this is serious pie!)  The appetizer was lovely (how do you go wrong with ripe figs?) but the pizza was a bit lackluster.  I'm a big mushroom person, so loved the chanterelles, but overall felt kind of underwhelmed by the dish.  Some crunchy sea salt on top might've just done the trick, but since I was back in the comfort of my 25th floor suite, there was little I could do.  The wood-fired crust was great, and I liked being able to see the piles of wood and ovens in action when I came to pick up my food.The service for take-out was really nice (packed me up utensils and napkins in a cute little bundle and happily sold me take-out beer, which I think is a no-no in other states) and I'd be happy to go back and try another Serious pie.OMG..this place is amazing!!! They are definitely serious about their pies here! The first time ever that I've had pizza that wasn't greasy and didn't make me feel overwhelmed. The crust was super thin and super crispy! My friend wanted to make reservations with another of Tom Douglas' restaurant, but couldn't during our Memorial weekend trip to Seattle so decide to try this one instead since it's still a Tom Douglas chain! Thank god to that!!! We ordered their special apple with cured ham pie with the regulars: cherry bomb pepper pie and the truffle cheese pie. They were all fantastic and our favorites are in the above order. Kudos on the special apple and ham pie..what an unusual and great pairing cured ham was simply amazing with a kick of heat to it..only drawback was that there wasn't enough on the pizza itself..and that I couldn't purchase the ham for my own use! The average $15 price per pie was definitely justified for these gourmet pies..I will visit Seattle again just to eat at Serious Pie..and this is amongst other good eats here!Been meaning to try this place, how could Tom Douglas screw up pizza?  As it turns out, it's some of the best pizza in Seattle.  I tried the pizza with guanciale, arugula, and a fried egg.  Heaven on earth.  My companion had the pizza with clams, which was good but not at the same level.  I'll be back to try the others soon.The pizza is thin-crust, light on toppings, but very flavorful.  This is not American-style pizza, so don't go if you prefer a thicker crust, with lots of sauce and cheese.  Also, the long tables are family-style, so not a place for a private conversation.I ate here when it first opened~ I can't vouch for how it is now, but from my experience it was pretty good one. Tom Douglas does it again - The pizzas all have unique ingredient offerings. They are oval shaped & you can get 8 slices out of em. Pizzas aren't too large in size, so don't be expecting a huge pie. It's quality over quantity. I believe we also got a bottle of chianti for $15. We will take it!I should return to this place soon - heard they have a happy hour now....oh yes, veddy soon!The only negative of this place is that it is too small!  You have to strategically plan when to arrive so you odn't have to wait an hour.  Although when you DO have to wait that long, the staff is very nice to take your phone number down and they can call you when to start heading back to the place (probably because the waiting area is way too small to hang out if there are lots of people waiting an hour, too).My fav is the peppers and sausage pizza but I've tried a few of the specials and the mushroom one.  One of the best things is this is one of the only pizza places that I really enjoy the crust!Budget Tip: A great combo for two is to share and appetizer and a pizza.  This was a pretty good meal for two of us and it brought the cost down as well.I've heard a lot of good things about Serious Pie, but all the hype didn't up our immense let-down when trying it out this past week.I mean, how was the pizza unique? We ordered the one that featured clams from Penn Cove or whatnot and we literally got two clams on it. The pizza as a whole was also very bland. I think you're better off going to California Pizza Kitchen to save yourself the hour wait and the crowded space. We also ordered some appetizer with roasted cherries. For $8 dollars, a bunch of paste and 5 cherries were not cutting it. How hard is it to just roast a bunch of cherries at the same time? Give us...say...10 cherries instead haha. How ridiculous actually.The saving grace with this place was the ambiance. Although very crowded, one could call it cozy. Very wooden. Very Canadian. The shared tables were also cool although only some people chose to talk to each other. I did like how the crowd here consisted of a lot of European, Australian, and Kiwi tourists. Pretty cool listening in on their conversations. Har har.There are enough glowing reviews here, so I'll just write my quick thoughts on today's visit (at Happy Hour).The happy hour pizzas are small, but still tasty.  I had a pizza with clams, and a pizza with roasted mushrooms.  The dough/crust is incredible: salty, buttery, delicious.  The "clam" pizza was fantastic, the clams tasted smokey-ish and were full of flavor.  The roasted mushrooms pizza was just okay, but again, the dough was so full of flavor I didn't seem to care that the toppings weren't my cup of tea.Anyway, the place is tiny, and the server gave my friend a bit of a hard time when seating her, since there were a total of 4 of us going, but only she and her husband were there.  But I think that's understandable given the size of the restaurant.  I'm looking forward to going back for a full-size pizza.I actually really like Dahlia Lounge, Lola, and the Dahlia Bakery (and have eaten at all 3 dozens of times).  I also really love Pizza (LOVE PIZZA).  But to me Serious Pie is overrated.The lack of reservations and long wait times are ok.  Just hang out outside and chat with your dinner-mates.  The seating is often shared with other parties (long, thin tables).  That's ok.I am all about the food.  The crusts are ok - artisan style, shaped as hand-crafted ovals.  This is a nice departure from perfectly round, boring pizzas (which I do love).The problem is the rest.  I  have had several different pizzas here and have never had more salt on a dish in my entire life.  The pizza featuring a potatoe topping has so much salt it burned the back of my throught with saltiness.Long lines, upscale hipster vibe, celebrity chef name, and glamorous magazine reviews don't fool me.  The balance of flavors and seasoning just unerwhelm.  Go next door to Dahlia and get some crab cakes! :)I came here a few years ago with my co-worker who took me on his birthday (LOL). I had no idea what I was in for. Now I am your standard pepperoni pizza lover kind of girl - so when I read the menu, I needed him to translate. I'm a picky eater so I was a little nervous about this but my mouth fell in love within the first bite! This is SERIOUS PIE people :)Delicious and unique.  Tom Douglas does it again.  This place is much better for group so you can share and try different pizzas.I love their unique menu of pizza. Not your standard pepperoni. Meals were always cooked to perfection. Only think I didn't like was the wait time but the quality of the food is worth the wait!Loved the Cherry bomb peppers + sweet fennel sausage Pizza! Thin crusted, fresh ingredients and enough kick in the flavor. We also had Duck Liver Pate (with baguette and cranberry? i think) and it was pretty good. I kinda wished they gave a little more toasted baguette but still - very satisfying. The server was REALLY nice, too!I'll probably come back and try the penn cove pizza next time-Serious Pie serves some Serious Pizza, no joke.The rave reviews caught the attention of my friend who recommended I check this place out while on vacation in Seattle, and I am, no doubt, in debt to her because of it. We arrived around 6pm on the Sunday night of Labor Day weekend, and couldn't get seated until around 8:30pm.  If I lived in the area, I would recommend ordering these pies to go all the time to avoid the wait, but if you have to wait, it's absolutely worth it as well.What we ordered:1) Starter: peaches, burrata  (fresh Italian cheese, made from mozzarella and cream. The outer shell is solid mozzarella while the inside contains both mozzarella and cream, giving it an unusual, soft texture. It is usually served fresh, at room temperature. The name "burrata" means "buttered" in Italian.), pine nuts: Okay, peaches, check, the perfect summer fruit, burrata - a cheese that means butter - must try, check, pine nuts, always a check.  All three together, mmmm, you get the juicy sweetness from the peaches elevated by the light, butteriness of the burrata, and tinge of pine nuttiness.  Delicious morsels kept disappearing off the plate until we were left staring at an empty plate, willing for more to appear.2) Pizza: chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese: Yes, you read that right, TRUFFLE CHEESE.  You could put just about anything with that, and it would be a happy party in my mouth, but instead, there's my favorite mushroom ever with it - chanterelle, joy!  Each bite of this airy pizza dough, with its substantial, chewy texture, made me wish I could eat this everyday.  My umami-radar was definitely off the charts with the lovely flavor that is universally yummy.3) Pizza: guanciale  (unsmoked Italian bacon prepared with pig's jowl or cheeks.  Pork cheek is rubbed with salt, ground black pepper or red pepper and cured for three weeks. Its flavor is stronger than other pork products, such as pancetta, and its texture is more delicate.), soft egg, beacon hill arugula: The slight bitterness from the arugula combined with the savory saltiness of the guanciale was gently enveloped by the comforting, soft egg on this tasty slice.  At first you taste a very deliciously balanced  pizza, and then, with the next slice, you get a sense of the flavor somehow maturing, morphing, into more than what you first encountered.  It was ridiculous how this pizza actually tasted better with each new slice as it revealed new insinuations of flavor like a rose, slowly blooming in the sun.  This is a serious pie folks.  We're not in Kansas anymore.4) Sweets: vanilla panna cotta, peaches, raspberries, pistachio: I've had several panna cottas in my past, and they generally taste like a less-sweet flan.  However, this one was like, a perfectly room-tempured kind of cheese, that easily came into my spoon, and into my mouth.  The pairings of the fruit and nuts were like fireworks on a summer night, but the panna cotta stole the show like an array of bright stars in the countryside.We all left this dinner with a sense of wonderment at the amazingness we just all experienced together, and vowed to return whenever we got a chance.  Serious Pie doesn't just serve the BEST pizza I've ever had, but a level of food that's on par with 3-star Michelin-rated restaurants in California.I am definitely a TD fan, not because of the hype, but because the food I have tried at each one of his restaurants has always been great and the dishes I have tried really inspire me.  In Seattle, these $15-$17 personal pizzas blow me away! Yes, they are on the pricey side, but worth every penny if you ask me!  This time I strayed from my usual clam/pancetta pizza and I had a pizza topped with caramelized onions, pork belly and brussel sprouts.  It was fantastic! The only one I didn't love was their version of the Margherita.. It was a little too salty for me.I love the slightly oily but extra crispy and chewy crust.. Fabulous!  I only wish they took rezzys but as small a place as it is, I understand why they don't.  The communal tables can be a little awkward at times, but this time we were seated next to a friendly girl visiting from out of town and had a great coversation over pizza! It's worth a try, it's not a typical pizza spot with typical pizza toppings.. But for a break from the norm, this is #1 in my book!I live 3 minutes from this place and it is probably the best pizza the world has ever know (I would know, i spent 2 hours waiting for Grimauldis in New York under the brooklyn bridge). I've tried over 10 varieties and my favorites are the soft egg pizza with arugula salad/ something unpronounceable, the lemon thyme/pancetta/clam pizza, and the cherry bomb peppers and sausage pizza.The crust is blistered to chewy perfection with smoky charred bits.  Its so good sopped up with the soft yolk thats oozing out of the egg pizza. Also, I thought I would never say this about soup but they had this beef broth, bean and crouton soup that was AMAZING. I dont really know how to describe why it was so good. Soup is just soup! Usually.Serious Pie is SERIOUSLY GOOD.  Came to Seattle on vacation a year ago and wanted to try this place but just couldn't make it happen.  Fate brought me back to Seattle recently and I was given a second chance!  Holy crap how did I miss this place the first time?!  I've had a lot of pizza before, but this is easily the best pizza I've ever had!  Got there at 7pm and luckily we only had a short wait.  The line quickly grew while we were waiting.  Upon entry you go down a few steps like stepping into a dive bar..but then the fresh smell of pizza hits you in the face as you see the chefs cooking and meat hanging in their fridge.  Luckily there's a small waiting area with benches and you can order drinks while you wait.  A wall of wine bottles separate the waiting room from the dinning room.  The size of the place is pretty small, especially for how popular it is.  Due to the size limitation and popularity, they make you share your table with strangers if you can't fill up the table.  Not really a problem since the tables were huge and had plenty of space.  Their pizza is a little more pricey than most pizza places I've been to, especially since its sized for individuals rather than for parties, but for its quality its well worth it.  Most people can probably finish one pizza by themselves.  While two small eaters can probably finish 1.5 pizzas.  For appetizers we had the crostini, which was a great start to the meal.  We had four pizzas; the Buffalo Mozzarella/Tomato, the Sausage, the Clams, and the Veggy pizza, which was the special that night.  Each were equally good, but the Buffalo Mozzarella was easily the best one of the four.  It was very saucy and had so much flavor.  All four were fantastic in their own way though.  The service was excellent too so I have no complaints.  If your wallet isn't too thin, I would highly recommend this place.  Serious Pie is a must visit if you're in Seattle.I love all the Tom Douglas restaurants and if we are not factoring in the insanely delicious but better get there early donuts from Lola, then Serious Pie is my favorite of the bunch.  The fact that the Virginia location is 5 blocks from my office makes me want to go every day.The fennel sausage pizza was great and recommended to us as a favorite by our server at the Westlake location.  The sausage pizza was killer, and we had great service - but after seeing the rave reviews of the mushroom pizza it was time for round two.We started off with the pork belly which was as fatty and delicious as you would expect.  The pork was served with a nice sauce and some greens with pistachios mixed in.  Next up was the mushroom pizza.  Serious Pie kills at with the crust alone (Veraci in Ballard is my second favorite pizza in the city), best in the Northwest hands down.  Throw in some deliciously rich mushrooms and a perfect amount of cheese, I now have a new favorite.Thanks Tom!Serious Pie. Seriously good.Had the cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage pizza. I felt it was a good mix of ingredients that didn't over power the flavor of the cheese. I also really liked the crust. Let me just say I'm not a big fan of the thin pizza. That being said STILL I really enjoyed this pie. It had some nice coloring but remained soft and delicious. Mmm...I thought the menu was a little sparse and the pino we had was a little disappointing. I admit I only tried one pizza and that may not be sufficient to make a thorough review. So... I'll have to go back next time in Seattle. :-)This is exactly the kind of artisan pizza I love!  As others have stated, the crust was absolutely perfect!The only issue - I would have liked to see some additional pizza topping options.  Looking forward to going back soon.This place has unique and flavorful pizzas, delivered hot and fresh in a fun environment (fun if you like sharing tables in a very small and low lit place). I think it's one of Tom Douglas' most playful restaurant. Don't expect your typical pepperoni and cheese. These pizzas are thin crust style, but thick on fresh ingredients such as clams with panchetta and lemon thyme, and cherry tomoatoes with fennel sausage (both of those pizza happen to be my favorite). I would order one pizza per person, leaving just enough to cover tomorrow's breakfast.However, be aware that this is no pizza hut - your wallet will be thin on dough just like the pizza. Also plan ahead, as seating is limited.Step 1: Go to Serious PieStep 2: Put Serious Pie(s) in your faceStep 3: Leave happyI love making my own pizza so I can never really find a reason to justify going out for it.  However, Serious Pie is my exception!  A cute spot in downtown, it is like no other pizza place here in Seattle.  You wont find a better pizza crust and the toppings are outstanding.I've heard they have a great Monday happy hour - what a great reason for leaving work early!I'm on a mission from god. Well ok, maybe not god, but in these "budget concious and can't afford foie gras" times I've made it my mission this summer to find the best pizza in town. Some of the criteria I've set forth are crust, originality, toppings, presentation...ahhh who am I kidding, I just want a bitchin' pizza!Serious Pie was a running start on the summer pizza quest for excellence. For me it was the perfect balance between a neopoitanesque pizza and gourmet modern day pies. To start with, I love the setup at this restaurant. Walking in and seeing the giant wood ovens, the meat curing shacks, and getting slapped in the face with that freshly risen dough smell just exponentially increases any appetite you will already have when you walk in. They feature a very concise and well executed menu and to help the repeat crowd they run multiple specials every day.First Course: Salt-Cured Ox tongueThere are times that being a cook and going to a restaurant has serious disadvantages. When you ask? Well, when you taste something so excellent that you are filled with jealousy from the first bite. I was a bit leery of trying the tongue at first, but my friend went ahead and ordered it anyways (i'll have to remember to thank him next time I see him). The tongue was flavored and cured perfectly, giving the salt-cured taste you'd expect from such an item but walking the line perfectly as to preserve the natural flavors of the Ox tongue. The green garlic and capers added just enough acidity to complete the whole picture and get our pallets warmed up for the next course.The Pies!Cherry Bomb Peppers and Fennel Sausage:In the nicest way possible, this is the best "Tony's supereme" pizza I've ever had. You know the one I'm talking about. The pizza that was SUPPOSED to be pepperoni but you were too inebriated at the grocery store at 2am so you bought the sausage and peppers pie instead...yeah that one. So now imagine, you are sober, and the pizza you are eating has house-made fennel sausage that is bursting with  flavor and freshness...feeling it yet? Now imagine that instead of those little machine cut frozen bell peppers, you've got fresh cherry bomb peppers with enough zest and flavor to get that mouth popping. Top it off with some cheese and you've got a safe but delicious pizza.Morel Mushroom, arugula pesto and parmesan:Fine...you win! What a fortunate time to make it in to Serious Pie. Utilizing morels on a pizza is quite an amazing thing and here it was executed perfectly. The arugula pesto was sweet with a little bite on it to really bring out the earthiness of the mushrooms. If you haven't had morels, let alone this pizza; get your butt down there and get it while the mushrooms are still in season. The pie is finished with grated parmesan cheese so the focus remains on the pesto and mushrooms but gives that little extra love that only parmesan can give.Great pies with, prices a little high for the size but still a good value , great ingredients, if nothing else get down there for the Ox tongue!Disappointing, after all the great reviews and the kudos this place got on the TV show; "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". Were the pizza's great as the reviews say? No. They were good but not great. We expected something really unique and to have our socks knocked off. I will say that the dough and crust were great - but the toppings on the truffle cheese/ mushroom and on the Yukon potato pies were almost flavorless. Hadn't the chef sprinkled coarse salt on them before serving - they might actually have been flavorless. Perhaps it was all the build up. Hadn't we seen all those reviews, maybe we would have been dazzled. But the let down after tasting the two pies was big.I think this place is quite good. My main reason for giving it 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is just that I think the pizzas here are a little bit over the top.  They have such ingredients as: feta cheese, arugula, un-born baby yak milk, and roma tomoatos (only one of those is actually a made up ingredient).  If you are looking for your regular pizza joint don't go here.  If you are looking for a regular pizza joint that is above and beyond any other pizza you've experienced, don't go here go to TuttaBella's.  However, if you are looking for some interesting variations and are quite adventuresome as to what comes on your pizza, then by all means, this is the place for you!Wow! I have been wanting to try Serious Pie forever and finally made it there today for a birthday lunch.  I love it when I am not disappointed.The service was excellent. Shane was attentive, friendly, and had great suggestions. The wine and water glasses were full at all times.The pizza was amazaing. Thin, light crispy crust and lots of interesting choices.  The buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomato is a nice twist on a classic pizza.  The yellowfoot chantrelles and truffle cheese was a naughty little treat for my taste buds.  I should have grabbed that one off the table and ran so I wouldn't have to share!  Great salad choices too!The prosecco and chianti were reasonably priced and delightful.I can't wait to go back and try the new location on Westlake and to taste a few more of those pies on the menu!I am serious...this place rocks!Well done Tom Douglas!***Tip of the day.....it gets packed for lunch.  Show up before 11:30!**This place is awesome.  You don't come here for traditional pizza, because that's not what Serious Pie is about.  The choices of pizza are so unique, and taste so different, yet so amazing, you simply can't get this kind of pizza anywhere else.  Admittedly, I have never come here on my dime and can't say I would, because at $15-17 per personal pie, even during lunch, meals here are not cheap.  It's a worthwhile experience, however, that everyone need try at least once.  Chances are, you'll be back.FYI - if the special ever has truffle cheese fondue, I don't care what else is on the pizza, order it.Amazing!I think most of the people giving this less than a perfect rating are expecting a nice version of pizza hut, and that is not this place.  These are beautifully crafted, supremely delicious pizzas that deserve to be called the best around.We have had the top rated pizzas in many major cities and have found some lacking.  That is not the case here.  These pies are to be savored slowly with nice wine.They are fairly expensive compared to most pizzas and are smaller than most, so expect that.  Our server called them individual sized, but I think the perfect ratio is 2 pies for 3 people if you order no salads or desserts, or one pie for two people if you order other items.The mushroom pizza with truffle cheese, so delicious.  I hated to leave the leftovers.  I would have shipped them to myself if I could have.  If you like mushrooms, this is heaven.  And the crust is perfect in every way.  Not too thick.  Not too thin.  Perfectly chewy.  Perfection.YUM!!!!!!!!!Thsi is my new favorite pizza place in the world.Serious Pie is everything you would expect from a place that has a foodie cult following:  1.  A line of hungy people waiting outside 2. Smaller sized dining room that gets you up close and personal with your neighbors. 3. An ever changing menu that includes ingredients bought earlier that morning.Did I mention this was some of the best pizza ever?  Yeah it was.  Seek this place out if you're in Seattle.  Well worth the walk from Pike's Place Market.Amazing! I have attended events with Gary Manuel Salon, and they seem to always have some Serious Pie, they have yet to let me down!  Yum!Serious pie is a great place for tasty, thin crust pizza if you are not budget conscious. One pizza is enough for one person, though if you're not terribly hungry I think two pizzas might feed three folks.Ingredients are good, and the different types of pizzas I've had have all been good. I do wish they'd rotate the selection more often - they haven't done so since the first time I went there (a while ago!)Service is pretty good and friendly. Seating is shared, though there are a few private tables. Besides the price, the seating is really my main complaint about the place. Sometimes it'll be quiet in here and your neighbors will be respectful, other times some dude next to you will scream in your ears about his trip to Japan for an hour.I'll definitely be back, but I do wish they'd charge less and have more private tables!I actually think that Serious Pie is a solid 3.5-star restaurant--which is not bad!--but I will round up because the staff are sweet and fun. Plus, I love the cozy, casual feel of the joint. Agree with those that say it is pricey. Also, it is LOUD so get your shout on. No reservations, btw. Go on off hours or get a drink next door while waiting (you're in the middle of Tom Douglasland, after all).It's funny...because I am not a huge Tom Douglas fan. (well...I like him and his radio show but have never loved his restaurants except lola) This is my favorite "gourmet" pizza spot in the city...I think I love this place for many of the same reasons some people do not like it as much. I like my pizza thin and crispy with really good toppings.  I've been here like 4-5 times and have never been dissapointed.Serious Pie was recommended to me by someone before we left for our trip. She gave very little information and I hate to be a Chicago pizza snob but I admit my first thought was "Yeah, we're not going there."  However, on our last day in Seattle, Serious was just around the corner from our hotel and we looked up the menu online. Looked interesting, not your average pizza place. We proceeded directly over. We had a short wait before we were seated, during which time we enjoyed some fabulous flavored "spa water." A nice touch on a summer day.  After we were seated we ordered two beers, a beet salad and their pizza of the day, which involved morels (while they seem to be everywhere in Seattle they're extremely hard to come by in Chi-town).  The service was good and both the pizza and the salad were wonderful. Some other reviews state that it's expensive, but hey - you get what you pay for. If you want a $5 pizza chain pizza, that's sad for you. Me, I'd rather have a pizza with flavor and fresh ingredients, and not loaded down with a ton of cheese.To recap my lesson learned: shut your pie-hole and don't be a pizza snob, go to Serious Pie.We walked past this place looking for a "happening" spot on our first night in Seattle. I thought that this place was going to be over rated and just OK.. We decided to go back another night since we were looking for something fancier. WE SHOULD HAVE JUST EATEN AT SERIOUS PIE. We returned to Serious Pie on our last night. We walked in and were immediately greeted. I did the 'asian' thing and started taking pictures of the huge oven and the cute signs in the waiting area. A guy behind the counter offered for me to come back and take a picture inside of the oven which was cool!We sat down at a communal table (i think they're all communal). It was so dark inside, but we were able to see the menus and each other. I felt a little embarrassed taking my pictures b/c the flash was so bright but I had to share my meal photos!We had the String Bean Salad first. I liked it so much that I attempted to make my own version when I got home!We had the pizza with Manila Clams and Panchetta. Sooo yummy! My boyfriend and I shared the salad and pizza and were stuffed!I'd def. go back when i make another visit to Seattle!Love the concept: Minimalist pizza joint focused on interesting, high quality toppings.And it's soooooo close.But the big miss is in the heavy handed use of corn meal beneath the dough that elevates this lowly non-stick additive to full blown (and none too tasty) core flavoring in every pie they serve.The delicate nature of the dough is lost and the subtle flavors of chanterelles and cheeses are overwhelmed by the grainy texture of copious handfuls of a substance that could - and should - be done away with completely.And whatever you do, don't just order a "Chianti" or you'll be served house dreck that even the waitstaff is embarrassed to serve.Holy smokes, this was some good pizza.I've been hearing people rave about Serious Pie (and most of the Tom Douglas restaurants) since I arrived in Seattle, so when the BF arrived from Atlanta I decided we'd give it a shot. We had to wait for quite a while (over a half hour) but they take your number down so you can take a walk. The wait was worth it.We got the Buffalo Mozzarella and Sweet Fennel Sausage pizzas.I think the Buffalo Mozzarella was my favorite of the two, but it was lighter than the sausage pie, so it was nice to have the balance between the two. The sausage pizza was a teeny bit heavy on the roasted peppers, but the sausage itself made up for it. YUM. We had leftovers of each, and they both reheated nicely the following day.It's fairly pricy, but definitely worth a visit once and a while.Crust, decent flavor but a little burntCheese, for 18 dollars I expected more than a few dollops spread around the top.Toppings, more Spartan than the cheese.Wait, way longSmall crowded place and the waitress was not what I would call pleasantThe flavor was good but it was wildly overpricedNot for me, I think its was similar to mod but just way more expensive with better toppings, I would expect to pay half as MuchSeriously delicious! Hubby and I shared the buffalo cheese pizza and added the sausage which was a suggestion from our waiter...great choice! Fresh ingredients...great sauce...tasty crust...it was awesome! Staff there was very nice and was appreciative of our business which is refreshing and unexpected considering they were packed! Would recommend to everyone and will definitely return when back in Seattle!!The best pizza I have ever eaten, hands down. The lightness of the pan crust and the flavorful truffle cheese were to DIE for.I was extremely unimpressed with my first Tom Douglass experience, which was the Palace Kitchen.  I had almost sworn off celebrity restaurants and especially Tom Douglass.  I was pleasantly surprised just days ago with my first trip to Serious Pie.  It's a cute little joint, with communal tables (which was a little weird for just two people in our party).  The presentation of the food was excellent, and I have to say the buffalo mozzerella and tomato pizza was anything but ordinary.  The crust hinted of olive oil with a salty crunch.  The cheese and sauce were in perfect harmony, and the overall experience was delicious.  I was less impressed with my dining partner's pizza, which was a truffle cheese and mushroom pizza.  It was heavy and filling, and not what I was looking for that night.I was appreciative that though they had only two beers on tap, one of the choices was the delightfully hoppy and refreshing Maritime Pilsner.  The other beer on tap, which I forget the name, was a dark winter beer which wasn't in my taste for the evening.The wait wasn't too long, and overall, I can say I'd come again.  The prices were what I would expect, and the quality of pie surpassing my best experience at Via Tribunali.This must be the BEST pizza I've ever had.  Given it's not your traditional pizza, not a NY pizza, not a Chicago, etc.  But it definitely has it's own love and category that just doesn't even begin to explain the LOVE I have for their pizza.  Really, I still dream about it and would come back to Seattle just for this pizza.  My bf had his doubts making quick remarks like, "why is there only ONE size? that's soooo small"...and as he bit into his pizza he shut up and enjoyed every bite there on out.  We even came here twice during our trip 'cuz we loved it so much!Generally speaking their bread is light and airy...not thick and greasy or tasteless.  It felt like a bread of love that can be eaten just by itself really but the toppings on their pizza was just as high quality as their bread.We had the chanterel mushrooms and cheddar truffle cheese pizza, sausage fennel pizza, and on our second trip we had their clam pizza and apple, pork belly, and brussel sprouts appetizer.mushrooms and truffle cheese: truffles...how amazing they are and this pizza hit the spot.  The truffle flavor lingers for awhile and it isn't over powering what so ever...the mushrooms gives a nice earthy touch which compliments well w/ the cheese.sausage fennel pizza: very savory and filling yet didn't feel greasy or gross like most meat pizzas.  Each bite was bursting full of flavor of salty sweetness.  calm pizza: we wanted to be adventurous and so we got this pizza.  It also had pancetta on it which you would think salty on salty not good but really if you eat it altogether it works strangely.  Very good surprisinglybrussle sprouts, apple, and pork belly appetizer: OMG....if brussle sprouts were always made like this kids would eat it up.  Seriously, anything w/ bacon fat = awesome but this was a whole new level.  In its simplicity the combination seems strange but the sweetness of the apples and the saltiness of the bacon/pork belly made the usual bitter brussle sprouts even better.  Totally love this suggestion by the server!OH..just a hint..this place is packed at night! We did get it to go the first time around which helped out.  It was nice that they suggested to do so since it only takes 15 minutes to make and we took it back to our hotel room since it was just a block away.  :)This place was awesome.We had the kale soup, cherry bomb peppers pizza and guanciale/egg pizza. The food was delicious. The pizza combos are amazingly creative. We were seated right away. It was not busy at all on a Sunday night around 8pm. Service was very slow.Pizza is kinda expensive, but it was not the biggest issue.I'm a sucker for anything Food Network endorsed, so I had to try this place on my day trip down here over the weekend.  I think it was Tyler on "Best Thing I Ever Ate - Pizza" that mentioned this place.My own fault for not reading the M-F happy hour, so was disappointed that it wasn't offered on a Sunday.Even at 4:00 pm on a Sunday, we barely snagged 4 communal seats at the bench.  It's not my preferred seating arrangement, but I know some people who love to chat it up with strangers during a meal... No reservations taken either.Service was quick & efficient, which was great because we were on a tight shopping schedule!   We ordered the salted ox tongue, green garlic, capers to start - came paper-thin, carpaccio style almost.  I enjoyed the seasoning, but I was hoping for a more substantial appetizer - especially given that ox tongue can be so tender when thickly sliced.  The main reason for my visit though was the mushroom, truffle cheese pizza.  I think they said on the show that they change the mushrooms seasonally - this time around it was a thin, fluted brown mushroom.  The winner was the crust.. blistered, thin, yet fluffy.For dessert, I loved the affogato - espresso served over honey lemon ice cream.  The cannoli with ricotta, hazelnut and passionfruit was more of a miss for me, but it made for a nice not-as-sweet dessert.I'm torn.. 3 or 4 stars.. ok, 3.5.I had mixed feelings about the place. They don't accept reservations and expected wait time is 1-1.5 hours. Went there for a birthday dinner, table of 9. Their largest communal table seats 8, so we had to squeeze an extra chair but it's ok, we're like family. I'll start with the good part of the evening. Service. For a busy Saturday evening, our waiter was great - attentive, yet very patient. He came by to tell us the special of the night, but we couldn't hear him very well. We tried to make things easier by ordering one of every pizza + the special. When our pizzas were ready, he stopped at each pizza to tell us which one it was. Towards the end of our meal, I noticed the host and a manager(?) eyeing our table wanting us to leave so they could seat other customers. But still our waiter didn't try to rush us out. Even took the time to take care of our cake and cut it up for us. Anyway, for me the great service was the highlight.Food. It was just ok. Appetizer:2 orders of Duck liver pate, huckleberries, crostiniPizza:buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomatoyukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorinosweet fennel sausage, roasted pepperschanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheesepenn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thymegarlic sausage, prosser eggplant, rusticoguanciale, soft egg, beacon hill arugulaDuck liver pate, was disappointing. We may have set our expectations high, but this is a Tom Douglas restaurant. It was too salty not as creamy as expected. But it was good for dipping the leftover crust from the pizza.As for the pizzas, I forgot what the special of the night was. I guess it wasn't so special if I've already forgotten in less than 12 hours. Buffalo mozzarella: eh, ok. Worth $16? maybe notYukon gold potato: I probably won't order that againSweet fennel sausage: ok.Chanterelle mushrooms: Supposed to be the best (acccording to Tyler Florence). Lacking something, but couldn't really put my finger on it.Penn cove clams: Pretty good, I'd order this again.Garlic sausage: Favorite, would be my regular pizza.Guanciale: Didn't get to try. I probably won't go back again unless for special occasion, I don't have patience for waiting 1-1.5hrs for just OK food. And at those prices, it better be more than just OK.I really wanted to like this place, but aside from the amazingly flaky and crispy crust, I didn't find the pizza here being too special.Given, the ingredients were very fresh and higher end (in terms of gourmet pizza), but I thought the pizza with buffalo mozzarella & san marzano tomato (magherita?) was slightly bland, and the pizza with chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese was way too salty.  Though, I must say, the mushrooms were very fresh and has that bouncy texture.The place is often packed and has a wait, so what you can do is go put your name down on the list, go next door to Dahlia's Lounge (also by Tom Douglas) and have a drink or five, and they'll call you when you are ready to be seated.I just went back to spend 2 nights in Seattle, visiting friends, and this was at the very top of my list. I had been craving the Buffalo Mozzarella  / San Marzano tomato since I last visited in July! (It's the simplest one on the menu, but is full of flavor and never disappoints!)Pros: The pizza!!! It is really exquisite. I especially like that the crust has had sea salt pressed into the bottom and the crust is thin, but well cooked (i.e. not soupy in the middle). The flavors are amazing! I wish there were a place like this in the Bay Area..Cons: The noise, the wait, the communal tables. Unfortunately, we were squeezed in between two other couples, and there really isn't enough space between conversations. Also, a bachelorette party came in and was drunk and loud. That will ruin an already loud, bustling, atmosphere.I will forever return to Serious Pie because the pizza is so good.. but I wish I could get take-out and go sit in Lola's or Dahlia Lounge nearby (where the atmosphere is much more relaxing).Overall: Recommend! :)mmm... really good pizza!Just be prepared to wait and the staff is always super busy!Best gourmet pizza place I have tried thus far.Sister and I visited Seattle for a few days and Serious Pie was on the short list of places we bookmarked to try.  We both loved the place and dream about going back.  Note: My sister is a vegetarian that does not enjoy cheese (weird I know, who doesn't like cheese?!), so if she loved the place, the place is gooooooooood.We got 2 pizzas to split --YUKON potato and guanciale, SOFT EGG, beacon hill arugula (of course customized without meat).  The potatoes were seasoned then placed on the pizza for a wonderfully seasoned, soft, creamy, yummy goodness.  The soft egg pizza with arugula was just as good.  I wouldn't think to put the two together but it works!  They had a very light dressing on the arugula and the eggs were cooked perfectly with medium easy yolks.  We ended the night with a slice of the TRIPLE COCONUT CREAM PIE from Tom's Dahlia bakery next door.  You. Must. Try. It.  Its not on the menu but they will bring it over.  Its 5.95 at Dahlia but we were charged $8 $9?  On second thought, you should probably just walk over after dinner for it. Make a reservation, you'll thank yourself later.  The place is set up with long wooding tables and you're bound to share your table unless you come with a group of 10+Went for the first time this week and was amazed! It's a small and cozy setting where strangers are put at the same table.  You can watch them baking your pizza from most of the tables.  The service is pretty good and friendly.  We ordered the Sweet fennel sausage pizza and the chaterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and both were fantastic.  Menu is limited but enough that everyone should be able to find something they will like.  The crust is thin and crunchy (but not hard) and the flavors were bold and delicious!  The ingredients are fresh and unique, and combined to make your mouth oh so happy.  I have to admit I went back the next day and tried the buffalo mozzarella (pretty good, but a little plain for my taste), and the special of the day (sausage, kale, caramelized onions, and sheep's cheese), OMG, that was so good!  I will definitely be back for more!Pizza's run about $16-20 each, if you're really hungry, you can finish one alone, if you're being good at keeping your diet (not me), about 2 pies for 3 people should do it (SHOULD being the key word).  Enjoy!This was one of my go to spots when I visited Seattle since it was featured on the food network. My family and I got: -Yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino Pizza: It sounds so simple but it was the best pizza that I have ever eaten; and I usually like Chicago style over think crust, but this pizza was so so good! -Chanterelle mushroom, truffle cheese: Okay I hate mushrooms but I tried a little bit of this since it has truffles and It was really good and most of my family preferred this one over the potato pizza. This was one of the best things Ive ever eaten and if you're in the area you have to make a stop here.We were staying at Hotel Andra (being super touristy) and we seriously wanted some pie.  We walked over around 7:30 and it was slammed, they took my name and # and we went back to the hotel.They called in the period suggested and we walked over.  It's communal seating which is fine but it's totally cramped communal seating!  It's not romantic and you can barely hold a conversation.The pizza was good, I've had similar type pizza at other places (wood-fired)- I won't be back- it's just not worth the hassle or expense when equally good pizza is easily found.  No, perhaps not trendy or in DT Seattle but good pizza can be found elsewhere.  I was far more impressed with Lola.Delicious, gourmet-type pizza. (You won't find any regular pepperoni pizza here) The happy hour is a good deal!Happy hour is 3-5pm on Mon-Fri. We arrived at 4pm on a Friday for happy hour, fearing that there'd be a crazy wait, but it actually wasn't too packed.  We were seated right away. The $6 mini pizzas during happy hour are perfect if you want to try multiple pizza flavors:  each one is a small personal-size pizza.  If you're a big eater, you could probably eat 3 mini pizzas.  Come hungry & leave satisfied!food: wow.  AMAZING pizza.  almost as delicious as my fave pizzeria mozza in la.  really loved the chantrelle pizza and one with coppacola.  service: friendly and helpful.  the wait was pretty awful though (1.5 hours...eh)final thoughts: yum.  pricey but totally worth it!!!With some great eating already in our rearview and more to come another between-meal stop would be at Tom Douglas' Serious Pie Downtown for Happy Hour - a fitting choice not only because the 3:00pm start would allow my sister and I a taste of the highly acclaimed pizza while affording us plenty of time to digest before the night's dinner at The Herbfarm but also because my mother and aunt could thereby get a good meal at a great price since they'd not be joining us for the night's extravagance.Having heard that the space fills up quickly, especially for the discounted drinks and $6 personal pizzas our original goal was to arrive at Serious Pie as the Happy Hour began but unfortunately our amusement with the Fremont Troll and Archie McPhee plus a patch of bad traffic would delay our arrival till nearly 3:45, a time by which the restaurant was already full with a reported 45 minute wait during which my sister and I took a walk only to receive a text 20 minutes later that a communal 8-top was ready and that my mother and aunt were already seated (with particularly notable fantastic customer service assisting my aunt and her damaged Achilles' tendon through the crowded and tightly packed space.)Having already noted the bustling nature of Serious Pie it would be mere moments before a young lady named Leyla would greet us and dropping off menus she stated she would "be right back" with water - a process that took perhaps ten minutes as it seemed she was the only server working our half of the room and when she returned we not only received our water but placed our orders as well - three happy hour pizzas, an impressively potent house aged root beer, and a diet coke, all of which would arrive less than fifteen minutes later as the restaurant became louder and even more crowded largely due to a particularly sizeable group near the bar.With the pizzas arriving hot and bubbling from the large wood-fired oven, an oven that on my observation appeared to be able to turn out at least 6 pizzas at once, we were all quite amused by the small size and oblong shapes of the pies as each one was cut into 6 two-bite pieces with the puffy golden crust making up the better part of one of those bites, especially on the four "corner" pieces.  Served on black slates big enough to hold one or two pies it would not take long before we decided to dig in and beginning first with the aforementioned crust I must say it was not precisely what I expected but quite good none the less with a slightly blistered underside giving rise to a dense and bready interior with a touch of sweetness and good chew without being "tough" - a bit like 'pan'-pizza from a national chain, but ever more pleasant and less dense to be sure.Moving on to a discussion of the toppings our three pies would include "Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Fresh Basil," "Soft egg, House made guanciale, arugula," and "Yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino" - all three featuring top notch ingredients in ample portions with the Margherita tangy and well seasoned, the egg a nice volley of creamy, savory, and bitter, and the potato and rosemary option a personal favorite largely because of the manner in which the lightly boiled potatoes provided just enough resistance to the tooth to be noticeable but otherwise served to lend their characteristic earthy body to the butter, hefty sprinkling of rosemary, and briny cheese.Moving next to dessert but knowing the night was far from over for two of us we settled on one selection, my choice of the "Chocolate budino, sea salt, biscotti" - a dense chocolate pudding with a texture more smooth than mousse but less dense than panna cotta bespeckled with crunchy rocks of sea salt and a light lacquer of olive oil that added a fruity top note.  Allotted only a couple bites each given the four spoons and rather small size I will say the thought crossed my mind to order another but deciding to show just a bit of restraint I instead took to using the warm and crunchy chocolate chip biscotti to wipe the jar clean while looking forward not only to our meal at The Herbfarm later than night but also another visit to a Tom Douglas spot the following day.The pizza is good, there's no doubt about that. The ingredients are fresh and the crust is delightful. Wood fired pizzas are always delightful. I did find that the special of the night (some proscuitto thing that I didn't really enjoy) was too salty for my tastes; it had olives and prosciutto which put it a bit over the top in the sodium department. The fennel sausage pizza was really good though, as was the mozzarella basil.There is a wine menu and other drinks, but no one felt like going the alcohol route so we had fun and ordered a pitcher of local root beer. It easily serves four people if you're not going to chug it. As an accompaniment to dinner, it's wonderful. Each pizza is meant for 1-2 people, we were told; we split an appetizer (meats and olives and almonds) and three pizzas amongst the four of us (two guys, two girls) and that was plenty of food. I think the prices are on the steeper side and we've had better pizza in this city, but it's not horrible by any means. Service was a bit lacking - brusque and not really helpful - but it's not really an intimate kind of place, anyway. Some of the tables are arranged family style. Go with friends and eat a lot of pizza if you're in the area, but I wouldn't make a stop for it. The other restaurants in the family are more worth your time, in my opinion. The Dahlia Lounge's coconut cream pie gives me shivers.Very good pizza. Awesome tomato sauce and dough. Not "it" in terms of pizza but very very goodI loved the crust on the pizza here, it was thin and crispy (but not too crispy) with a touch of salt.  The pies here are great for sharing and trying something new.  We went here with friends and everyone had a different favorite pie so there is something for everyone.  My favorite was the lobster mushroom with truffle cheese, it was delicious.  We also tried their appetizer special which were perfectly ripe sliced heirloom tomatoes and pesto, mmm!  Pitchers of beer are also available for sharing! :-)The wait was about a half hour for a table but they took our number and gave us a call when it was ready.  All in all a pretty great night out with friends and some yummy pizza to boot!So many people love Serious Pie, but I can't for the life of me understand it. The restaurant is small, if you are bringing a date (like I did), you aren't going to have any private time since customers all sit together...We tried the fennel sausage pizza and the buffalo mozzarella. Although the ingredients were fresh and of high quality, the food that came out was sub-par. The fennel sausage pizza was too salty, so much so that the waiter agreed with us. The buffalo mozzarella was lacking in mozzarella.The portions are alright, although, I polished off both pizzas (my girlfriend only had 3 pieces). It just wasn't too her liking. We did like the dessert though. We got the gelato! It was delicious, but portions are way too small. I am not a big guy by any means, 145 pounds...I was thinking that the gelato was worth the 8 dollars we paid, until I went to Safeway and bought my own gelato (which tasted exactly the same). 4 pints for 6 dollars. I guess we pay for cramped quarters and decent service.I am a foodie, but I don't get why all the foodie people love expensive restaurants? It's easy to find food that's good if you are willing to pay the price, it's much harder to find good food at a good deal...I like Papa John's more than Serious Pie, but if you are downtown with a few friends, this place is decent...pricey though. 50 dollars including tip no drinks...The full name of this place should be: Seriously delicious pizza pie!The seasonal mushroom and truffle cheese is my new favorite pizza OF ALL TIME.  The others I've tried (buffalo & mozzarella, yukon gold potato, sweet corn and ricotta) were great too, but the mushroom is where it's at!Lately they've been making "drinking vinegar spritzers" that are so good.  I had a strawberry and a blueberry.  They're literally fruit puree, simple syrup, seltzer, and white vinegar.  A crazy good combination.Happy hour here is a real gem.  It's Mon-Fri 3-5pm, so be sure to catch it.  They offer mini pizzas for only $6.  The mini pizzas are about personal pan size, and even if you're really hungry 2 minis per person does the trick. I've come twice for HH and never had to wait, but this place does fill up for dinner.  They don't take reservations but the longest I've ever had to wait was maybe 20-30 minutes.  They have mostly "family table" style seating, which is basically a big counter-height table.  This means you may be squeezed into the window seat of a full table and find yourself dining next to strangers, but the food is so damn good I don't even care.Maybe I'm crazy, but the pizza wasn't out of this world as others have said. Each small 'pie' costs close to $20, so I really expected something extraordinary. Lobster mushrooms with truffle cheese: The texture of the mushroom lobster and the cheese didn't go well with each other. The taste and smell of the truffle cheese was just too overwhelming.Clam cove: A tad too salty? Maybe this was what they were going for and again, maybe I'm just crazy.Sweet fennel sausage with peppers: This was my favorite of the night because it was a taste that I was most familiar with. It was good, but it wasn't mind-blowing.Definitely not the best pizza I've ever had, but it was worth the experience.We had 5 diff. pizzas here and honestly I only *really* liked a couple of them.The soft egg pizza was outta control delicious. Soft, tender cooked egginess on top of really good crust. OMG, I got a little weak kneed.  Also sad: waiting an hour and a half for a table on a Thursday. SUCK.I think the Cafe Lago pizza (w/ an added egg) was almost as good tho. Hmm.Great pizza, great atmosphere, great service, just... great.Only missing a star because, well, it's just pizza and the selection's awfully limited.DE. LISH. USSSSS.After a day trip to Vancouver, BC, a friend and I paid a visit to Serious Pie at the behest of another friend. We were not let down.We chowed down on the chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza, and it was out of control delicious. I was pretty tired after a day of driving and gallivanting about, but a single bite of this hand-tossed masterpiece brought me back to life. Seriously. I love truffle, and I love cheese. Put the two together, and I'm gonna jam it into my belly via my mouth.The crust was thin and flaky, and had that really cool organic look that you only get when you're hand tossing (or shaping) the dough. I don't know when the next is that I'll pay a visit to Seattle, but trust that this is going to be one of my stops.An hour wait to get a seat?  Hardly worth it!!!!I'm not a big fan of line ups, cause I feel a lot of people hype it up and give more value to something they actually waited for.  So since there were soooooo much hype about trying this place out, I gotta even if it's an hour wait.  We dropped our names and came back about 45 mins later to patiently wait for our table.The restaurant we set up with rows of tables with about 6 seats on each table almost looking like a fancy school cafeteria.  You would be sitting across from your dine-mate with possibly another two couples around you.  You won't get that privacy so hold those dirty comments for later cause you don't know who's going to be listening lol.Server was nice, but not very attentive and seems to forget about us.  Also, the server never told us the special pizza of the day and we actually hear her telling it to the people next to us.The pizzas where ok and hardly worth the travel for.  They did use every nice ingredients and toppings, but crust was very hard and almost burnt.  Actually, come to think of it, it was burnt.  I'm used to have charred wooden oven pizzas and I know a good char and a good burn..  Good good burn on me!   We were sooooooo hungry (considering we haven't eaten anything for hours during our roadtrip down.), and you would imagine that the food would taste so much better with a hungry building up.  We didn't bother sending it back cause we didn't want to wait again.  Ate the pizza and left the crust.  There was a lot of hype about this place, and maybe it was just this one mistake.  I rather go Uncle Fatih's cause at least they are most consistent.Serious Pie has been hyped up for me for years, and it lived up to my expectations.  Since they don't take reservations, your wait can be over an hour, and you could end up at a communal table since it's a small space, but it's worth the wait.  Otherwise, you can get take out, too.Their pizzas are usually seasonal in flavor, they have great thin crusts, and they're made to order in their giant wood fire oven.  Watching them make the pizzas while you wait will make you drool.  Between 6 of us, we got 5 of them..1. Hedgehog mushrooms with truffled cheese - thick cheese with strong truffle flavor, lots of meaty mushrooms, so good we got two of them2. Special of the Day - apple, proscuitto, chives - I love fruit paired with savory things, so this one was a great combination for me3. Soft cooked duck egg - they were out of duck eggs, so it was a chicken egg today - with garlic, spicy coppa with a kick, topped with tender frisee - a very light and well rounded pizza4. Sweet fennel sausage - tomato based with provolone, large chunks of sausage almost the size of meatballs - definitely a heartier pizzaAs for desserts, the chocolate budino is rich but mellowed out by the sea salt, and it tastes like the inside of a dark chocolate truffle.They have 3 beers on tap, available by the pitcher or glass, along with a limited but good variety of other wines and beers.  Sodas are $3 each, but they have some more interesting ones like Mexican coke and Izze soda.Our server was friendly, not pushy, had a good sense of humor, and was quite skilled at squeezing in between the close-fitting seats to give you your dishes, silverwear, and beers.   You're never rushed, and it's just a good place for a small group (go with more people, so you can try more pizzas!)It's seriously one of the best pizzas I've had.I never thought that pizza could get fancy, but here it is, all fancy and delicious. I really liked the new and interesting flavor and topping combinations that they offer. A little pricey, but worth it if you're in the mood for something deliciously unique.This place is NEVER not packed (Double negative... I know). Not as far as I've seen anyway - so I suppose that speaks for popularity. It's a small space with high, long tables and high chairs from end to end. This makes it a little hard to seat yourselves, especially if you're little girl like me, who needs some room to manuever. Service is fast, as pizza places should be, and I soon had my order from their innovative list of pizzas. I ordered the one with the porcini mushrooms, egg, and arugula... and I rather liked it, except I couldn't take more than a few bites at a time. It was so salty! (The bf may be the one to blame for this review; he has made me sensitive to salt content.) I felt my kidneys wanting to die. The sausage and peppers was pretty good, but, again, I found that it was a little too salty for my palate. (Maybe this is a good thing if I want to go on a diet.) I might come back to try something that sounds a little tamer - the one with rosemary and olive oil should be OK, right? I want to find the pizza that I can bond with, considering that I think the gimmick is rather interesting.An hour wait and packed in like sardines. I don't mind the wait because I know it is a popular place but the squished in seating was terrible. They sat the high tables with 3 groups of 2. (All 6 of us were seated within 5 minutes of each other so it wasn't like our meals were staggered. This caused for a very crowded table of not just people, but dishes. My husband couldn't even use his fork and knife properly without elbowing the lady next to him in the face. Everyone was uncomfortable with the situation. But besides that . . . the beet appetizer was excellent.but the mushroom truffle pizza was pretty plain.The hardest part about coming here though would have been deciding which pizza I was going to eat.  Since I don't live here, I only had one shot to make it count.  I was super pleased with my choice.  I ordered the fennel sausage pizza and nearly melted in my chair after taking the first bite.  The crust that they make here is out of the world.  The crust has the perfect amount of spring to it without being overly chewy and it's a bit dense so it's not as though you're only biting on air.  Then there is the toppings and I was just lost and in love.  Tom Douglas, I think I might be in love with you.Dude.  The pizza isn't that good.  I've had way better for HALF the price.  Place is ridiculously small and there's like ONE BATHROOM STALL. Beer selection is meh. Wine is meh. PIZZA IS MEH!IDGI. I don't get it.I like going to this place. They have designer pizza, but its delicious. I recommend going during happy hours for their pizza that way you can try a variety of them or i just like eating a variety since they are individual pizzas. I also recommend their desserts. Their cannolis are awesome and they have great coffee/espressoMozzarella and basil was fantastic. Half of the pizza was overdone on one side, but other than that, I think this is probably the best crust I have ever had.The pizza is pretty good, I admit it, but it's a poor value for the price and not worth a trip unless you're already in the area.Pies are oblong ("this is what pizza in Italy looks like!", said a dining companion whose parents were immigrants), cheese and toppings are in just the right proportions, and your pizza is served on a cutting board rather than a plate.  My sausage and cherrybomb pepper pizza was surprisingly complex for the medium, and I was well rewarded when I traded a few slices for some of a hot coppa and olive pizza.  Do save some room for the cannoli, which is excellent.But here's the problem: all of the pizzas are around $15 regardless of topping.   This is probably a good deal if you get something with shellfish and morels, but a lousy deal if you don't.  Honestly, this is a pretty big negative in a city where Tutta Bella will serve you a pizza that's just as good for $9-$11.  Appetizers are expensive (almost as much as the pizzas), but wine is surprisingly reasonable given the prices of everything else.The space is cozy and comfortable in an urban hideout sort of way, though don't go on a hot day or if you are opposed to sharing a long table with another party.  People-watchers will enjoy the window seats, but those arriving after six probably won't enjoy the wait (we had none at 5:30, but all tables were full by 5:45).Serious Pie fails the essential test for a restaurant downtown.  The food and experience simply don't justify the trouble of traffic, parking, or waiting for a table.  Why bother with Serious Pie when a similar culinary experience could be had at Tutta Bella or Fondi for less money, no wait, and no parking hassles?  Yes, the food is good, but it just isn't worth the effort unless you're already downtown with wood-fired pizza on the brain.If Michelin reviewed pizza parlors, the food at Serious Pie would have five stars. The owners, the chefs, take their pie VERY seriously. And their salads. And their desserts. All were outstanding. Serious Pie dished up the best food we had during our recent holiday in Seattle. Indeed, the food was some of the best we have ever had in a restaurant anywhere, and we've eaten in many restaurants, many places. Granted, prices are high for a pizza parlor but, in terms of the quality of the food, Serious Pie is a great value.Why not five stars? Well, there's more to a restaurant than food. Atmosphere can make or break an otherwise perfect meal. In addition, a pizza parlor, however serious, should stock at least as much beer as wine. That's the American Way. Serious Pie is already breaking one tradition by serving great food in a pizza parlor. For my taste, it should limit itself to one tradition at a time. It's wine selection would do justice to a fine restaurant anywhere. But the beer -- well, as I recall, there were five beers on the list, all pale, and at least one of them was the popular Bumilco Sparkling Water. Curiously, there was nothing of similar quality on the wine list. Night Train Express, for example. One of the beers was good but it wasn't the black beer that this customer would have preferred.We went for a late lunch, about mid-afternoon. Shortly after we were seated, someone turned on the "music." It seems there are only four kinds of vocalists left in America: screamers, whiners, screamer/whiners and the dweebs who do not even pretend to sing but just run their face in time to a beat. We were treated to a screamer. LOUDLY! We got up to leave and I politely explained to our waiter, in my usual soft, reasonable tone of voice, that we were not going to listen to that shit while eating. He turned the volume down. Not an ideal or customer-oriented solution but a compromise more-or-less acceptable to digestion.We went a second time for dinner. This time, there was no "music." Different staff? Whatever the reason, the lack of "music" was inviting. Unfortunately, we were not the only people in Seattle who could taste the difference between a doughnut and a bagel. The restaurant was jammed; the wait was half an hour and, once in, we would have to sit in a pizza parlor environment, at a long table, elbow-to-elbow with the other hungry patrons.Since Serious Pie obviously did not need our wishes for all the patrons it could handle (it's best patronized during off peak hours) we instead wished it a better selection of beers, and left.This place has been on my list to try since it opened. Great atmosphere - family style tall tables with a large, open kitchen. We had 3 pizzas between the four of us and they have one of my favorite beers (Dogfish head IPA...in a bottle). The clam + pizza was a bit salty but all others were great.Simple menu, simple spot.When I cannot figure out what to say about a restaurant, I grade my experience of the food by how much I cringe when I see the bill.Well, I cringed... but only a itty-bitty bit.I have heard so much about Tom Douglas (who hasn't in Western Washington) and about this pie place being pretty darn good. I did minimal research to see which pie to get, but knew that the chantrelle mushroom and truffle cheese was the way to go for me. And it's not like it didn't taste good, or that I didn't love the little explosions of salt around the crust. It was fancy, it was delicate, it was filling. But it's also, basically, pizza. ::tiny cringe::Services was good (even though they mixed up our bill). I'll probably go there again. But I'm not in a hurry.This is the best pizza I've ever had. I don't really want to write more than that, but whateves. We loved it. We loved everything about it.  Warning: May change your feelings about other pizza places. Regardless of your feelings about service or caffeteria styled seating, this is undeniably fantastic pizza (unless you are some type of tasteless hack). Be prepared to look down on any psuedo fancy pizza you see afterwards with contempt.Most REVIEWS let's go, peeps say it's yummy!! My friend drags me here. Reading their menu feels like a list... The names make it sound so mouthwatering. But really the thin slice pizza only taste great the first bite... After that the bite taste so weakkkk! :TIt's like I am eating a piece of paper.The pizza looks very edible and yummy but when you swallow it--your not very satisfied. Kind of sad..The waiters here are patient and nice. Not a lot of room to sit. Serious pie? How about seriously I need an upgrade on my pizza. The dough needs to be a little thicker and not too pricey please.This is a block away from my hotel and a few blocks away from Pike Place.  I decided to come here for happy hour pizzas (3-5pm). There was a 20 to 30-minute wait since the place can only have 50 people max. I was watching how they make their pizzas and talking to the manager for a few minutes then decided to walk Dahlia Bakery while waiting.I had a mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and a sweet fennel sausage pizza for $6 each.  The wait was well-worth it.  Both pizzas were yummy.  The crust was crisp and flavorful.  I wanted to try the chocolate budino for dessert but I had dinner reservations somewhere at 6pm.  They'll offer your a slice of coconut cream pie from Dahlia's Bakery around the block for $9 or you could just walk over there and get the same pie for less than $9!The food was excellent. The manager was friendly and my server was great.  You can do take-out, by the way.Seriously good (qualified a bit; read on) and seriously expensive.OK... I went three times and had the most delicious ever pizza, made in true Tom Douglas style -- extremely delicious with a price tag to match.  Dinner for two with salad and a total of three drinks, plus tip = $70.  But I kept going back because it was SO DELICIOUS.It's pizza, Tom Douglas style.  Not thin crust, not thick, not crispy waferish, but kinda focaccia-like on the thinner side.  Downright delicious.  Mozzarella, good.  Mushroom, good.  Clam, well, ok (little baby clams get lost in all the other stuff).  Onion, good.  All delicious in that way that TD seems to combine flavors to create something so good and new and delicious (albeit expensive).  So then I went back the fourth time for more Delicious pizza, even with the ridiculously high price.  Both pizzas came back BURNED, and the staff swore that is how they make pizza:  burned.  Burned, as in the crust is charred on the perimeter and the crust itself has lost its perfect structure.Now, although the staff were very accommodating (they offered to make new pizzas for us) they were adamant that this is how they make pizza: burned.  So the next time I went I just asked for the pizza "not burned, please" and it came out just as I wanted: nicely browned, as originally purchased. Although I haven't gone back for a month or so I recommend that diners kindly ask for their pizza "not burned."  Not burned = delicious.  Also, while it's good, I would certainly never wait longer than 15 minutes for the pleasure of eating a $15 slice of pizza.Coworker and I did a drive-by and picked up a chanterelles pie for lunch. It was ok. I mean, as far as pizzas go, it's definitely way better than those national chains advertsed on TV (I wouldn't touch those things with a 12' pole) but I didn't think it was all that.But, to be fair, we were swamped at work, and I totally had HH brain even at 11:45am. As I was shoving the chanterelles and cheese into my pie hole and washing it down with a pear Izze, I was trying to pretend it was one of the awesome flatbreads at Black Bottle and a Corona.I'll go back and get a salumi pie next time, with a pomegranate Izze in a wine glass, and see if that works better. Stay tuned.Serious Pie is, I think, my favorite of the Tom Douglas restaurants. It's casual and laid back, and the pizza is unique and good.When I was there I had a pizza with mushrooms and sausage... it was quite good. The crust was thin but not too thin. I wouldn't call this authentic Neapolitan pizza, but it is cooked in a similar way with a wood burning oven. The wait sometimes can be intense, so prepare for that. It is quite good though... I'd go at an off-time to make sure you didn't have to wait for an hour.I've been walking past Serious Pie every day for 2 years and have always wanted to try it, so i kept it bookmarked on Yelp. Yesterday was a rainy Tuesday evening, and I had to come up with a great date-place in 5 minutes flat, so I pulled up my bookmarks on my iPhone, saw Serious Pie, called-over, found out there was no wait, and decided tonight I would finally try it. We walked over - it's just a few blocks from my apartment in the heart of Belltown - and found the restaurant almost full.It's a standard trendy venue - trying wild ingredients, the wine list is twice as long as the menu, and seating is all family-style meaning u share a table with other diners. By the time we got there, there was indeed a 5 minute wait, but it turned out to be worth it.My date didn't eat pork, which unfortunately eliminated the majority of the pizzas on the menu. We ended up ordering a cheese & mushroom pizza. The pizza wasn't heavy like other places. which was refreshing, and made me think the ingredients must be fairly good. The crust was a teensy bit burnt in places, but light and fluffy and gooey in others. One pizza did a good job of satisfying two of us, but left room for us to head over to Joey's for the molten lava cake for dessert. And splitting one pizza and not ordering wine meant it was a fairly economical, trendy little dinner for two.For those not familiar with Tom Douglas, the pizza here is "fancy pizza."  Other reviewers have posted great pictures so I recommend taking a look.  Here's a brief recap of my visit here.  Tried two pizzas and really liked them a lot.  It's all about the crust which is perfectly chewy.  The crimini mushroom+truffle oil pizza:  the hearty mushrooms are cut in half so they don't melt away during baking.  The fennel sausage and red pepper pizza: the handcrafted sausage is the star.  Both were great.  I'd like to go back and try the rest of the menu.Oh yes we are getting serious here people. Serious Pie. Let me just start off by saying that I don't usually rave about pizza, mostly because I unfortunately haven't had pizza worth raving about. Pizza is something that I don't ever crave whenever I'm hungry and I want food. Until I had the chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza at Serious Pie. Like Usher says, OMG. First of all, I've known about Serious Pie since it first opened and for some reason had waited a few months before going there, so my review is way overdue (yes, I can't believe I'm only writing this now, bad Farah). As the other reviewers said, pizza here is deeelicious, regardless whether or not you wanna argue that the "pizzas" are more like flatbreads than pizzas since they lack the circular shape. Whatever, moot point, good food is good food regardless of name and shape. The aforementioned chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza is definitely my favorite. I love chaterelles, I love truffle, I love cheese, ergo I love this pizza. It's my go to pizza. BUT I've also had the rosemary potato pizza and it's a super close 2nd favorite, losing by a teeeny tiny bit. It blows my mind to have potatoes on a pizza, and yet it works. That's carb heaven right there. I've also had their beef carpaccio, which was tender and flavorful. Whatever olive oil they used in that appetizer, it was yummy.So after all the kudos, why the 4 stars. Well, seating. This place is tiiiiiiny. and they don't take reservations, so no coming in with your friends on your birthday since there's no way to be sure that you won't have that hour long wait for a seat. Yes, I said hour, because on a busy day, that's the average wait time apparently. I mean, Bed Bath and Beyond next door can kill maybe 20 mins, but that's another 40 mins you're stuck with nothing to do but wait.Loved.We got take out but would loved to have dined in. What a cool joint. Hip, dark, great music. Ambiance was superb.Pizza was fabulous.Seriously good pizza! I finally made it here after several trips to Seattle and I'm glad I kept trying! This place is very popular and my friend and I had to wait ~45 minutes on a late Sunday night. Be prepared to wait, but it's worth it!We had the chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and the broccoli rabe, porchetta and fresh goat cheese special of the day pizza. They were both delicious and my friend and I almost finished them both! The crust was the perfect thickness-light and crispy but with a nice chewiness. My favorite toppings were on the broccoli rabe pizza. Yum!! I like the cozy environment and the servers were all quite nice. I can't wait to go the next time I'm in town!Overpriced for what it is...~$20 per pizza!We debated between the crimini mushroom pizza and the buffalo mozzarella, but went with the buffalo mozzarella, tomato, basil pizza based on the waiter's recommendation. It's rustic pizza and it's good, but not $20 good. Also, I would not recommend the minty lemonade. It's NOT the business.There were 3 of us, we shared a pizza and grabbed street hot dogs afterwards because we were still hungry. We all concurred...first and last time we will eat at this place.Where to even begin with this place?My boyfriend took me here for dinner one night and I thought it was ridiculous to pay so much for pizza. But after eating here I can say that this place has one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted in Seattle!This place does not take reservations. It s a first come first serve type of place. We went around 6 and there was already a wait for 50 minutes. The place is small and the sever will most likely be sharing a table with strangers since this place gets soo crowded. I felt awkward at first but after awhile you kind of forget that a stranger is sitting next to you.The price for a pizza is roughly around 15-20 dollars. You get 8 pieces. I recommend not sharing a pizza since they are made for individual servings.  The sausage pizza was amazing and the mushroom with truffle pizza was even more amazing. I don't know what it is about these pizza's that make them so delicious?! You just have to try it for yourself I guessSerious Pie lives up to the hype. The crust is so delicious.. I could eat it with out toppings! We tried two pizzas:- roasted chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese: DELICIOUS! My husband even detests mushrooms and loved it. Not sure I could do more than 1 slice since the truffle is a bit overpowering, but it's delish.- yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino: comfort food on a pizzaLike Ruggy J. mentioned in his review (yelp.com/biz/serious-pie…), I agree that they are not quite "pizzas". They are more like long, oval flatbreads but still fab nonetheless. We will be back next time we are in Seattle!I'm pretty shocked that this is a Tom Douglas restaurant.Went here for HH after work- I was super excited for their new SLU location. I got the roasted chantrelle with truffle oil pizza....there was absolutely nothng special about this pizza. Flavor tasted like it was just bread drizzled with alot of truffle oil. Half of the pizza was burnt- both the crust and the bottom - black. the edible part (center of the pizza) was tiny.For a $6 HH pizza- I will be spending my HH time elsewhere.This place is great. I recommend the pizza with the fennel sausage and the pizza with the mushrooms They are both very very good.Amazing selection. Plenty of traditional varieties but certainly there are options for the adventurous pizza lover. Try the egg prosciutto and arugula.crust. so. good.Love the ambiance at the place. The pizzas have thin crust, which is nice. I had the truffle mushroom pizza and it was ok. We had to wait for about 30 min until we get seated - went there around 1:30pm. It's pretty busy.I don't normally write reviews until a few months later, but I felt compelled to after eating here. The wait was about 30-40 minutes, but I didn't mind. The aroma and sight coming from the kitchen had me mesmerized. Was it Miley and a wrecking ball? No, it was oval shape pizza dough being massaged, layered, and handled into the oven. A man works the pizza in the oven and puts on cheese at the very end for a quick bake. The food was amazing! Brussels sprouts, more. Kale salad, yes! Mushroom pizza, fun-gi! Fennel sausage, don't tease me! Wish I had leftovers. Later pie lovers, time for a serious workout.Had the cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage pizza.  It was great, good flavor.  The crust was very crispy with great flavor, and proper new york style charred edges.  The amount was a nice size for a small evening meal for 2.  If you're very hungry, you'll want more (either appetizers, another pizza, etc)Good atmosphere, slightly small space, but well used.  We were able to walk in on a Monday night and get immediate seating, but it was decently crowded.I ate here last night and had some of the best pizza I've ever tasted.  The crust was incredible -  thin but soft with amazing flavor.  I tried the truffle cheese and the night's special of pesto and garlic. mmm...so flavorful!The atmosphere is fun with communal tables and ample views of the pizza oven and curing meat. I and  am definitely adding this to my regular "must haves in Seattle" list.I'm not a fan of Tom Douglas.  I've even met him in person but I haven't been impressed with his food.  However, serious pie is seriously awesome.  The portions too small to share and too big to eat alone.  Maybe three people going and sharing two pizzas would be enough.  All of the pizzas are great with beer or the pure cane colas.Take note though, you will be sitting with some strangers.  Some people come in alone.  This makes for very awkward dinners sometimes.Awesome, FLAVORFUL pizza.Keep in mind that this is the Pacific Northwest and pizza is not the same thing as it is in Chicago or New York.  It's thin crust, artisan pie and the toppings are very flavorful.  The focus is specifically-picked, quality ingredients and toppings and seriously delicious pizzas.We partook in the yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino pizza; the pecorino combination with the yukon potatoes was golden.  Also devoured was the house salumi, caramelized onions, and sardegna pizza, which was a masterpiece.The smaller the group, the better.  They have a bench/bar stool and table arrangement set up so that they could accommodate a party of, say, six.  But there is a strong likelihood that thee parties of two will fill those spots up in intermittent time intervals, making your party of six wait a long time.  And it's not an enormous venue.  Remember, this is Seattle not Dallas.Serious Pie has some quality beers on tap; both microbrews and a handful of local ales.  They can compliment the pizza.  I went with sweeter toppings on mine and coupled it with a pale ale.Bring friends.  Be convivial.  You will enjoy.I'm not a super-big aficionado of fancy pizza pies, but I am a pizza lover. I was a little hesitant coming here because I'm typically found mowing through pepperoni pizza and I'm not a huge veggie fan. So, the menu at Serious Pie was a little concerning. But, I just couldn't resist all the great reviews. We paid Serious Pie a visit on a Saturday afternoon, didn't have too long of a wait. Maybe 20-30 minutes, wasn't so bad. We were thinking that we would be sitting at one of their communal tables, but got lucky and wound up at our own table looking out to the street. That was nice, but at the same time sitting at a communal table would have made for a fun experience. The overall atmosphere was great and our service was very good. We ordered the Yukon Gold Potato and Cherry Bomb Peppers pizzas and both were phenomenal. I especially loved the Cherry Bomb Peppers pie. All the ingredients in their pies were very tasty and packed with flavor. These weren't your typical pizzas, hard for me to compare to other pies I've had in the past. None the less, you need to give this Tom Douglas restaurant a shot! They make a very unique and delicious pizza, although a little pricey. But, we definitely got enough food to walk away satisfied.Believe the massive quantity of reviews, they must be doing something right to attract all those Yelpers.Yummmm. The yellowfoot chanterelles, truffle cheese  pizza is so great! Add in a Coke (the kind from Mexico which from my understanding is kind of a grey market and so it was sort of sketchy) and you've got a super great meal. It's a bit more expensive I suppose but also I would say that you can easily split a pizza if that makes it any better.Best Pizza in West Coast! Hands down!!!This was our first and favorite meal during our stay in Seattle. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about everything on the menu. The menu is smaller than expected, but there seemed to be options for everyone. If you are craving a plain pepperoni pizza, this is NOT the place for you.I ordered the special of the day. It was topped with dandelion greens, carmelized onions, peppers, and copa on top of an olive oil base. He ordered one of the favorites; the sausage, peppers, and provolone. The sausage was very flavorful and the peppers perfectly cooked. The best thing about the pizza here is the crust. It is thin and crispy, giving you a delectable crunch. My only complaint was that the corner pieces were somewhat bare of toppings. But overall, one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I wanted to eat it every day we were in Seattle. The size of the pizza is enough for one person, but it would be good for everyone to share too. I've heard that the wait can be pretty long. We went on a Sunday for lunch and there was no wait at all. There were customers constantly coming in and out, but no wait for tables. Recommended by server: Truffle and chanterelleThere are a billion reviews so I don't need to add much. Prices are a bit much for pizza, but you get quality. If I were rating solely on pizza, this place is a 5. Their crust might be the best I've ever had. If you think otherwise, stop coming here and keep the lines shorter for the rest of the people that do like it.Apps - Their appetizer selection is limited and unimaginative; if you're going to offer it, you should make them better.Pizzas -Stupendous, Awesome, Ridiculous, Ridonkulous. Get the clam pizza or fennel sausage (homemade sausage).I went for a birthday party, the atmosphere was amazing, loved the seating arrangement and the lighting, music was wonderful. The pizzas, however, were very very dry, and itsy-bitsy. If they're considered personal size pizzas, which they should, then I would say they are very overpriced personal pizzas.You can get a lot of their house wine for $19 (a whole liter of it), and it was not bad wine.It most definitely doesn't live up to its reputation for "Seattle's best pizza"The pizzas are good, but could've been a lot better.  I love the high quality ingredients and creative combos.  They're stingy with the chanterelles and meat, but generous with cheaper toppings like egg and greens.  The crust is great if you like it paper thin with huge air pockets.  Somehow we ended up with an overbaked crust that was not very chewy.   I was looking at one pizza and thinking "Ooh, chocolate crust."   Nope, not chocolate, it's soot!  If this happens to you, ask them to replace the pizza.  Don't be passive like me and suffer eating a badly burnt pie that tasted like ash.This is some serious pie.. Aside from the fact that the name reminds me of my favorite character from the Harry Potters series, this place is pretty damn serious about their pie. Great ingredients and different variations make for some interesting wheels.. This isn't your average pizza hut, so don't expect cheap but the price you pay for one pie is worth its weight in nommery goodness. Size on the other hand is something that I think could be improved upon. Taste excellent, price for size not so excellent. The place is pretty teeny so if you plan on coming here, come early or go on off peak times.. be sure to try their happy hour.. small pies fpr $4 if i remember correctly.. I also was told there is another one on lake union so be sure to check on that one too.. Enjoy!Well the results are in: Serious Pie is in some ways seriously good, and in other ways it's not so impressive. The pros did not outweigh the cons, nor did the cons sink this ship. The result is a mediocre review.We went here for a group event. One of the perks of this is that they had stations in the "Workshop" where they let us make cheese, canoles and breadsticks. That's pretty cool, and it was a good time even though the filling for the canoles was a little too mascarpone-y. The other perk? I didn't have to pay. If I did have to pay I would have been disappointed. Here's why: 1. The pizza is good in a we're-creative-with-our-pizza kind of way. There is a pizza with potato on it, think potatoes au gratin on crust, which is a carb double whammy. Tasty, but where's the meat or any kind of veg? Other than creativity the crust is the most delicious part. Even if you hate crust, you'll like this crust. The mushroom pizza tasted a little dirty, possibly due to an overabundance of truffle oil. I wouldn't want to pay that much for that pizza.2. The staff seemed confused and not very friendly (read: annoyed by our presence). They shut down the whole place for us three hours earlier, but then would not let us in? Weird. This does not apply to the people in the "Workshop", they were awesome.3. Some of the wine was just plain gross. I know, it's a pizza place, but it's also a Tom Douglas restaurant!In the end they brought me back from the brink with a delicious salted chocolate desert and a coconut cream tartlet (Tom is famous for this coco-nutty goodness in my friend group!).I'll be back for Serious Biscuits.The pizzas here are creative in the Northwest kind of sense. Loads of pizzas with goat cheese like cheeses and other eclectic type ingredient which I'm sure are "local", "organic" and probably "gluten free" or whatever. The predominant flavors that come to mind from what I ordered was creamy, sour (as in loads of balsamic vinegar), oily, and roasted veggies.Problem is, it's really expensive for what you get. The pies are really small. That's kind of deceptive, because when you eat it, you'll feel full right away - whatever they put on the pizzas is very rich.They're so rich that the food violently disagreed with me afterwards. For days.  I don't know what they put in there that was so memorable in a bad way, but that was the case. I don't think the food was undercooked or that the ingredients were bad. The food just disagreed with me. If you have lactose intolerance, this is definitely a place to stay away from. Otherwise, enjoy that Northwest eclectic cooking, ala Tom Douglas!Very good pizza and salad!Great Pizza. The seating is ideal for groups, not for couples.The food is fantastic! The beer selection is alright.I had the opportunity to eat here while visitng Seattle for a few days and I'm really glad we did.  The pizza here is amazing, and well worth the 30 minute wait we endured.  The staff was very friendly and eager to share information about the menu.  Location was just a short walk from the Westin where we were staying.  The atmosphere is trendy and hip yet unpretentious.The best pizza I've ever eaten was in Brooklyn, some little place under near the end of the Brooklyn brigde....the pizza at Serious Pie is just as good (but different because of the gourmet toppings and the presentation)  The crust at Serious Pie is light, bubbly and perfect.  This is what makes the pizzas here so special. The toppings on both the pizzas we tried were tasty, delicate combinations of ingredients.I would highly recommend giving this place a try.Discover this place by accident when we couldn't get a table at Dhalia Lounge. A bit hard to spot as the restaurant sign was tiny. The restaurant itself was tiny, we were lucky that we got seated right away and it was communal seating, which I don't really mind. Had some side dish, which had salumi and olives and some other things I can't remember. As for the pizzas, it was delicious! We ordered the Penn Cove clams pizza and I have to say it's one of the best I have had. The topping and breading was baked to perfection. We also had another veggie pizza which was very good as well, but I like the clams pizza better. Overall, it was a great meal.People say this place is overhyped and overpriced. I can't comment about the hype because the only place I ever heard of it was from Yelp, but I don't think it is overpriced.It is true, the pizzas are small. However, for ~$16 the ingredients are fresh and high quality. The chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza is a great afternoon snack for 2 people.Pizza. Pricey pizza. Pricey pizza you have to wait a long time for.Serious Pie is all of those things (and more -- it's so tiny, you'll probably have to sit next to strangers) but it's worth the wait because the pizza is that good.The crust is probably the best part: perfectly blistered in a stone oven so it's delicately chewy in an artisan bread sort of way.And I'm not one for fancy, new-age pizzas -- bbq and pizza should never be uttered in the same sentence -- but the chanterelle-mushroom-truffle-cheese pie I had was outrageously tasty. I'd love to go back and try another. It may not even matter what the toppings are: I'm a bread zealot, and Serious Pie is outstanding on that front.Ever wonder if Serious Pie is worth the wait when you see the long lines outside of the restaurant? Well,yes. Yes it is.Thank the maker we got up moderately early to get here, and also had a small party, so we didn't have to wait to be seated.But looking over the menu it was hard to choose which one to get. Then ended up going with the pepper and sweet sausage pizza.I really dont think I've ever had pizza this good before. We just wanted to order another to take away with us because it was so good.Speaking of take away, when you get take out you can even purchase a six pack to take as well. Now on the east coast that would be two stops you would have to take not one. So for me, doesn't get much better than that!Speaking of beer, they have a REALLY good micro brewed root beer as well.Underwhelming.A friend and I tried it Friday for dinner and found it lacking. The pizza, and even the service and overall ambiance. But mostly the pizza. I must cop to the fact that one of my go-to quick dinners during the week is a Trader Joe's frozen tart (either the original d'Alsace or the newer d'Champignon version) and a container of homemade soup. That said, after trying Serious Pie, I'll stick with Trader Joe's. One of the pizzas we tried was a mushroom (roasted morel mushrooms, truffle cheese) for $18. I have better with I heat up a TJ's mushroom tart in my own oven for closer to $5. Don't misunderstand: I absolutely understand that part of the romance of going out to dinner is actually vacating the house. I totally get that. However, why in the world would I go out for a mediocre meal when I know I can have a better one, for much less money, at home? Pretty silly when you think about it.Even sillier? Going to Serious Pie when there are SO MANY other good pizza options in Seattle. Seriously.The pizzas here were unique and delicious. Homemade everything!Good pizza. Not huge, but good. Spring for some more tables so I don't have to sit next to someone I don't know who's talking about something I don't care about in a tone I can't tolerate.Unimpressive for the price. Fancy pizzas but more novel than good.Loved the mushroom truffle pizza! Definitely a place to go. Good service, good food. However, gets busy so if you're with a large crowd I'd recommend getting there early.The pizza is good. Really unique flavors and the salads are pretty good. If you're dinning for two, a pizza, salad and a couple of pints are the way to go.What I didnt like was the seating, which are shared between parties. And there wasn't a whole of variety if you have young children.  Kids (at least mine) don't like salads and there wasn't a lot of appetizers that were "kid" friendly.This is more of a date night or happy hour hot spot. Overall I thought the food was really good despite the higher $$$$.Ordered two pies, the one with the egg and sausage and the one with pork belly and clams. The one with the egg was a bit bland. I'd come here again to try other flavors.Serious Pie?  Yes it's a serious pizza pie!  We love pizza of all kinds, thin crust, thick crust, medium crust...just not soggy crust. This crust is a medium/thin crust and perfectly cooked to hold the toppings.Here's what we ordered: My husband ordered a local beer Schooner Exact Hopvine IPA- He really liked it.  Although I'm not usually an IPA fan, this one was good and didn't have the usual harsh finish.  I liked it too.I ordered an Italian Wine Cabanon Augurio recommended by our server and it was really good.We started with the marinated Lacinato kale salad with chiles, Parmigiano & pine nuts.- Tasty!  Loved the pine nuts!My husband ordered the pizza with sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers & Provolone cheese.- Wow!  Delicious!I ordered the Special Pizza with olive oil, roasted chile, summer squash & Gorgonzola cheese- Incredibly fresh ingredients & a nice spice with the roasted chile! The service was fantastic!  This place reminded us of one of our favorite pizza spots in Pasadena, CA, The Luggage Room.  We would definitely come back when we're back visiting Seattle.If you want to be yuppie and eat your pizza too, Serious Pie is your place.  Like his other restaurants, Tom Douglas' spin on the neighborhood pizza joint features fresh, high-quality ingredients and a hip, bustling atmosphere, attracting the downtown professional crowd.My friends and I braved the rush hour madness and arrived at the start of dinner hour on a Tuesday night.  The dim restaurant was already packed, but the accommodating staff managed find our group of four adjacent seats at one of the long communal tables.  Our waiter informed us that the high tables had hooks underneath to hold our belongings, but we found still ourselves a bit cramped for space.  If you dine at a communal table, try to snag a window seat, which comes with a spacious windowsill and a bit more privacy. Although the menu contains a list of appetizers and salads, we skipped straight to the main attraction: the pizza section.  Quick glances at our fellow diners confirmed that the pizzas were of the "personal pan" variety.  The pies are oval in shape and measure about a foot long and six inches wide.We all ended up ordering different pizzas:- Potato, rosemary, and olive oil- Mushrooms and truffle cheese- Bell peppers and fennel sausage- A custom-made "meat lover's" (The request to the waitstaff: "Put all the different meats you have on one pizza.")The pizzas arrived straight from the oven on individual cutting boards.  Each pie had a soft, chewy crust and a generous helping of delicious melted cheese.  Although I could have used a bit more sausage on my pizza, the ratio of cheese to ingredients was generally good.  I sampled the mushroom pizza, which I ended up liking better than my bell pepper and sausage pie.  The subtle flavors of the mushrooms and cheese blended perfectly.  My dining companions had similarly favorable things to say about the flavor and freshness of their pies.My only complaint is in regards to the size of the pizzas.  Although cute in appearance, they are far too tiny, especially for those of the male persuasion.   However, adding a larger-sized pizza to the menu would most likely complicate the simple ordering process.  Would a larger pizza be intended for two people?  Four people?  Eight?  Would diners be allowed to divide a pizza into sections with different toppings?  Tom Douglas is wise to stick to the simplicity of the personal pan.Due to small pizza size, Serious Pie is best experienced when one is searching for a tasty snack after work, not looking for a filling meal.  Their weekday happy hour also seems snacky, featuring "mini pies" (they must be the size of quarters!) for $5.(Visited 12/1/09)Got to serious Pie at 8:40, they told us it would be a 1 Hour wait which we had expected because we called before we came.  We waited an 1 1/2 hours and they said it would be at least another 20 minutes.They poorly set expectations at a one hour wait, when it would've been close to two hours.  I don't care how good the food is, this is an unacceptable practice as a business.  They need to start allowing for reservations.Not sure if I'll ever be back to see how good the food is...I used to spend a lot of time in Seattle, and Serious Pie would always be a good place for a nice lunch, late night meal, etc.  These are gourmet pizzas that are reasonably priced and very tasty. Keep in mind that it is located in the downtown area; so parking may be a concern.  It's also a fairly small restaurant; so you may encounter a wait during peak hours.This was a nice little kitchy place to eat.  But, honestly, nothing special.Because of the "Tom Douglas" connection, I thought it would be more.  You sit in communal tables --- so don't plan a romantic meal here!!!   The pizza menu was very limitted -- though tasty.  One pizza was right around $17-$20.  We got the "buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato" and "sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers" pizzas.  The first one was suprisingly sweet -- and yummy! The second was a lot more dense ... the sausage was delicious.Good... but one visit was enough for both me and my husband.Well, I debated rating Serious Pie 3 or 4 stars for a few minutes, but decided on 3.  Honestly, I wasn't that impressed after reading all of the wonderful reviews.I had the sweet fennel sausage pizza, which was good... but I just wasn't blown away.  As others have mentioned, the pizzas are a little larger than personal size, yet somewhat over-priced for what you're getting.Oh, and why does this restaurant allow you to sit at a table with strangers?  I wasn't at a hibachi-style Japanese restaurant.  I know I'll be back to try some of the other items on the menu, but may go during happy hour or get it for carry-out.  Overall, it's okay but I'm still looking for my 'favorite' pizza place in Seattle :)We have been wanting to try Serious Pie forever.  We had a chance to  try the Happy Hour specials last December, but the place was packed to the rafters (it was a weekday between Christmas and New Year) so we skipped it.  This time around, we went on a Saturday night and the wait for a table was about an hour, so we decided to do take out instead.Since we did the takeout, I can't really comment on the service, but if the service provided by the host, who was friendly and efficient, is any indication of the service one would get from the servers, then I would say that it is really good.  Not exceptional, but really good. We ordered 2 pizzas: the fennel sausage & roasted pepper and the clam & pancetta.   At $17 each, and at about 10" x 6" in size, some might say it's on the expensive side.  I do agree with this statement, but these pies were REALLY good, and I could tell they were made with quality ingredients.  The crust was airy, thin, chewy and crunchy, and it's what pizza crust should be. The combination of the toppings worked absolutely well together. I loved that I could really taste the fennel in the sausage, which complemented the smokiness of the roasted pepper quite nicely. I also thought that the sweetness of the clams contrasted well with the saltiness of the pancetta.   I can not wait to return and try the other pizzas especially the Yukon Gold Potato Pizza, which everyone seems to rave about.This is not an exaggeration, but these pies are the best pies I've ever had. Great - absolutely amazing - pizza, but the price is a little too dear for my liking.  3.75 stars rounded up to 4.I usually come away somewhat disappointed after eating at a Tom Douglas restaurant, but this is a true gem. I tried this place on one of those Seattle Food Tours (which is really awesome btw) and it was arguably the best place we stopped at. The pizzas truly burst with flavor and the cheese tastes fresh. If you are a fan of the wood-fired, thin crust type of pizza, you must try this place.There are a few things you need to consider though before you go or else you will be disappointed. 1) The pizzas are small. One pizza can feed 2, but for hungry people, it may only feed one. So be prepared to buy a few pizzas when you are there. Given that it's around $12-$17 per pizza, it may be a shock if you are not forewarned. 2) The wait during prime lunch and dinner hours can be fairly long. It's not a big place, so the area in the front is jammed packed. Some people put their names in and go to Dahlia Lounge (conveniently a Tom Douglas restaurant as well) or across the street for a few drinks. Might be something to consider, but get back 10-15 min before your quoted seating time or else they may skip you. Without these two expectations coming in, you may not feel as fond of this place as I do.Meh?Been a couple of times...usually later in the evening after shows at the Moore because then we don't have to wait.  The pizza is good, and reasonably priced.  I wouldn't say that it blows my mind.  I'd never wait a couple of hours for a table here.Service is efficient; I see in other reviews that the staff here is entertaining, and I don't doubt that, I just haven't seen it myself likely due to the time in the evening I have been here.  As far as the best pizza you'll find downtown?  It's here.  But it's not the best pizza in Seattle by a long shot.These folks have amazing food and the staff is amazingly friendly. I recently had relatives in town from out of state and they said this place was one of the ones they would miss the most. We ate there twice over their 2 week visit.Ummm... are you kidding me? So freaking good! One of my favorite haunts in Seattle. You must try the pizza with potato on it. I am not joking. It's delicious. Love their thin crust too.I must be the only person on the plant who isn't blown away by Tom Douglas' pizza incarnation. The non-pizza part of the menu is basically of cured meats, olives and the like - yipee. That's not something you make, it's something you procure.Second, the pizzas are not worth writing home about. Most are really bizarre, but not in a good way. I love being blown away by interesting flavors and new combinations, but these didn't work...squash on a pizza leaves it dry, for example. And, should you have dietary restrictions, they don't do substitutions.  If you're looking for some great wood-fired pizza, I'd suggest many of the other options available in Seattle - Via Tribulani, Veraci, Tutta Bella, to name a few.Finally caught them at happy hour - BARELY. Got seated after 25 minutes at exactly 5PM and the hostess said though the happy hour had just ended we could still order the mini pies. And we did...My sister and I got the cheese truffle and mushroom, clam, and ham and egg pizzas. All of them were good, but the cheese truffle was still the most exceptional one. Though for $5 per pie, I think they scrimped on the truffle a little bit because I barely  got a hint of it. And instead of chanterelle  they used regular button mushrooms. All in all still good and worth it (3 mini pies and a beer for $23 plus tax and tip)....hence "Yay! I'm [still] a fan."Wow, very polar reviews here.... Had dinner there tonight, less than a 10 minute wait but I had to step outside because the smell from the kitchen was overpowering and not pleasant. I can't put my finger on it...a  burnt & smokey, chemical mix.  The hostess and our server were both very nice, We had a chilled scallop and pea appetizer that was unmentionable, just blah. Our server took it off the bill though when we told him the truth after he asked  how we liked it. We had ice tea to drink and it was stale with an off flavor.Our pizza was the roasted mushroom with I think parmesan cheese and truffle oil.  It was OK, the truffle oil part though was fabulous  it pocketed in bits of the crust.  I came open minded, not expecting Pepe's or Sally's but a northwest take on "pie" and though we only tried one it was disappointing  enough that I can't imagine parting with another $16 to see if I like another one better. Like other complaints I expect much more for these prices. This is just a quirk of mine but the plates were glass and all scratched up, kind of cheap looking. Honestly I feel if this was not a Tom Douglas  restaurant it wouldn't have lasted. I have had fabulous meals at Lola and Palace Kitchen but would not recommend this one.Best pizza ever? Pretty damn close. A recurring theme in my reviews will be happy hour. Serious Pie definitely gave me a reason to come back for their happy hour, besides the fact that this place is effing PACKED!After waiting over an hour the first time me n my crew decided to try this place out, we pulled a "Get us 2 of everything, please." We weren't disappointed. The yukon gold pizza, salumi pizza, and penn cove clam pizza were my favorite, but we didn't leave anything on the table.I finally made it down to Serious Pie after wanting to try it for some time. My wife and I went knowing that we would need to wait. It was an hour. They kindly took my cell number and said that they would call when there was a table for us. We both were hangry so we walked down to Wann for a drink and a small bite to hold us over. An hour later we got the call and headed down. Thanks! Beats waiting around on the sidewalk.  We ordered two pies, one with garlic sausage, and the other with clams. The pizza was good but not Seriously good. We were both surprised how bland they were. There were good things about both pizzas but there was no wow factor. The total damage for two pizzas and a beer came to 48$. The worst part was there was no leftovers, and the two appetizers we had at Wann were the most memorable food of the night.Bottom line. The pizza is good, but overrated. It is too expensive. Pretty sure I will not be back.Serious Pie definitely delivered a quality dining experience.  The pizzas were great!  My favorite was probably the clam pizza, edging out the chanterelle by just a little bit (my dad was big on the more traditional pizza).  The atmosphere was actually pretty fun once we got in.  It was quite a bit smaller than I had expected which made it pretty intimate, though not overly loud.  The only bad thing was the long wait and the fact that they do not take reservations.  This was tempered by the fact that there are plenty of bars nearby to check out, otherwise it might not have been worth the wait.  But we did find out in the process that we can order the pizza to go next time, completely bypassing that whole wait thing.For the full review and pictures, check out deckonfood.com/?p=998So, so good. Outstanding pizza, among the best I've had in recent memory.Had the lamb sausage, walla walla onion and prosser spinach pizza, which was insanely good. My friend had the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers and provolone pizza, which was even better!Started with the carnation brocolli app which was pretty good, but the pizza was the highlight. I do wish they had slightly more beer selection though.I went with three other people. Two of them said it was the best pizza they have ever had, the other is picky and devoured his. If I ever go back to Seattle, this will be one of my stops.My parents came into town for the first time in a long while and they had been dying to try Serious Pie. We had all heard great things about it and I am a HUGE fan of Tom Douglas restaurants, so needless to say we were pretty excited for dinner. Wow, were we sorely disappointed. Tiny menu, skimpy on the pizza toppings and TERRIBLE crust. I understand woodfired pizza is more rustic and can have some dark or burnt spots, but this crust was CHARRED. It was black and super crumbly. There were huge bubbles in the crust, which meant the crust had disintegrated once it was burned to a crisp and we were left with giant pits of missing crust. The pizzas were so small! I could have easily finished an entire pizza by myself and they were ridiculously over priced for the tiny portion and skimpy toppings you got. I ordered a pizza that had mushrooms as one of the toppings and there were 2 (yes, count them, 2!!) mushrooms on the entire pizza.I was so, so, so disappointed with this place and its hard for me to write that because I love Tom Douglas restaurants so much. We'll never go back to Serious Pie.Came here with my co-worker the other day for Happy hour. The happy hour pizza ($6 for happy hour) deals are good. Between the two of us, we ordered 4 pizzas and 2 appetizers. A lot, I know. The standout for me was definitely the mushroom pizza and the clam with parmigiano pizza. The other pizza we tried were the butternut squash pizza and the fennel sausage pizza, but I didn't think those were anything to write home about. If you must pick one, I'll go for the clam with parmigiano pizza :)wow! this place rocks! try the kale salad, its got a little kick to it but nothing too serious. I've been trying to replicate the dressing at home.The truffle cheese pie was also quite tasty. Service was great!Great artisan pizza. Go for happy hour to get cheap small ones and try more than one. 3-6pmDelicious Pizza at a reasonable price!!!!Went in there for Happy Hour on a Monday - prices were very reasonable for what seemed like a moderately upscale restaurant. Staff were very courteous - seated us immediately and accommodated all of our requests.They serve a very eclectic mix of food. Starters like Wildfire roasted olives and roasted mushrooms were a refreshing change from many other restaurants. Beware, for a party of six, these may not be sufficient as Happy hour sizes tend to be on the smaller side.We had 5 vegetarians in our party of six, they catered to all our requests to modify pizzas (they seem to allow that and substitute ingredients without charge).  We even had the fennel sausage pizza converted to a vegetarian version and they gladly swapped out the sausage for mushrooms. I would strongly suggest the freshly made hibiscus soda and also sampling some of their beers. Chocolate boudino dessert was gobbled up by everyone quickly and we were given some extra biscottis to please the kid at the table.One point to keep in mind is that for parties of 4 or lesser, seating could be at the "communal table", making it a little awkward when the restaurant is packed.Overall I would visit this place again and if you are visiting Seattle - you should try out their pizza.Went here with Maria, there was a 90 min wait so we had drinks at the Delilah Lounge. They called when our seat was ready, turns out somethings are worth waiting for. Menu was simple and unique, while good smells and yum sounds were eminating from the tables next to us we had a great conversation.Our Buffalo cheese pizza was bomb!! their icream tastes like they put a special cream instead of milk. My rootbeer float was some of the best root beer i have ever had.5 star's Mr. Douglas.Amazingly yummy. Just about as amazingly expensive. A bit noisy & crowded, too. But those are the negative points - the food it outstanding.I've eaten here twice.  The fist time, the only thing that was "Serious" was my husband's seriously charred pizza.  I'm not talking about the dark burned spots on fire oven pizza--I'm talking seriously crunchy charred crust throughout.  We didn't return it--the place was jammed with people waiting to get in.  My pizza was excellent, so instead of waiting forever, we ate mine.  The appetizers are a waste of money--way too small portion size for your money. We decided to give it one more try. I wasn't thrilled about sitting elbow to elbow with strangers --the space is tiny and you will have to share a table.  You are close enough to bump elbows.  One lady had to move her purse and bags in order to allow us to sit next to them, and she looked  about as thrilled to have us there as we were to be there. Dessert was excellent --chocolate cannoli. Service was great.That said, I'm a fan of Tom Douglas and love his cookbooks.  Next time I'll cook one of his awesome recipes.Tom Douglas is a naughty, naughty man for making such damn delectable creations.  As a pizza lover, I'm completely ruined on Round Table and my local favorite, Me N Ed's.  However, Serious Pie is not for everyone.  If you're all about gooey cheese, heavy sauces, and multiple toppings, this pizza is not for you.  The highlights of the pies here are the artisan crusts, local and imported cheeses, and super fresh (sometimes seasonal) toppings.  For example, my wife and I split the guanciale, soft egg, and prosser farm arugula pizza.  (Guanciale is pork cheek, for you Anthony Bourdain lovers.)  Those three simple ingredients, along with some grated cheese and crispy crust made for a phenomonal meal.  Beware though . . . the crusts are on the salty side.  Order a Manny's pale ale to offset some of the sodium and you'll be in heaven.One other thing to note is the size of the place.  The restaurant is a broom closet and you may end up sitting at a table with strangers, but it's all good.  Seattle is full of fun people and adventure; there are plenty of intersting personalities to rub elbows with.As Cartman would say about this pizza . . . "Seriously, you guys . . ."Seriously the price offsets the quality. Amazing pizza. Stinky price. Oh and what tips the scale is that it's always jammed packed elbow to elbow. If it really costs that much to make the pizza's then I'd suggest a new business model. If this were a hotel, it would be 3-stars, 16 rooms, $300 per night, and in the middle of some downtown. At this pizza place, in the end you'd feel satisfied and probably even make the mistake of recommending it to a friend, but I wouldn't. Even though I know a few Serious Pie addicts.My recommendation, go to Via Tribunali in Georgetown during their happy hour for 5 dollar pizzas and dollar off beers. Much sweeter deal. Very nice people who have time to talk to you. All the ingredients are equally as good, though they are a little less adventurous in types of pizzas.Cheers Pie-zannos,IRMmm Mmm mmm, best dang pizza! Yukon gold potato pizza, delish!Serious pie is seriously the best non traditional pizza ever!I came here with my family this past w/e.  We had to wait for about 45 minutes but it was well worth the wait!  The crust is thin, and altho I usually don't care for thin crust, omg, it was so light and airy and delicious.  It wasn't filling at all and complimented the pizza well.  We each got a different pie and shared: mozzarella and basil, fennel sausage and pepper, mushroom and fiddleheads, clams & pancetta.  The mushroom & fiddleheads was prob everyone's favorite. The clam w/pancetta and lemon/thyme was also delicious with a little bit of a spicy kick.  All of them were good, The latter two I just thought had a bit more flavor.  The pizzas would feed abt 1-2 pp and cost $17-$18.  A single person could easily spend $30 if they buy drinks and a single pizza.  I would definitely come back here if I was in Seattle again.  It's worth the wait!!!One of THE best pizzas I've ever had.  The dough used to make the pizza is probably called "crack" and was formulated using Donatello's Dough Machine.  We had a party of 11 and they were able to accommodate all of us at the chef's table, which is literally inside the kitchen.  I had a chance to try every single one of the pizzas (since we all split) and none of them disappointed.  In fact, every one of them blew me away.  I guess if I had to pick a least favorite one it would have to be the potato pizza.  Service was outstanding and prices here are a bit expensive, but totally worth it because of the quality of the ingredients as well as execution.  At least Tom Douglas got this place right, unlike Dahlia Lounge.5 stars.The dough is like delicious, cornmealy crack. The toppings healthy and filling. And the staff friendly and spunky.I will definitely be back.Can you really take a pizza place where most of the pizzas don't have tomato sauce seriously? Well, if every other part of the pizza is near perfect, maybe... I got a garlic sausage and eggplant pizza from Serious Pie and, while I did miss the traditional zest brought by a good tomato sauce, the pizza was damn near perfect. Serious Pie could just sell their crusts and I'd probably go back. The dough they use is perfect. I think they must salt them just after baking or something because you get these perfect bites of saltiness as you bite into the perfectly crispy yet light and fluffy crusts. The pies are a bit expensive at $15 - $18 for pizzas that are a large individual portion or quasi-shareable for two (if you get appetizers or one of the two is anorexic). The restaurant is tiny with no bar and really not a lot of space at all. I can imagine the wait takes a while, but there's takeout and that's quite fast.First I was truly impressed by the slab of I-don't-know-what that the pizza was served on. If felt like a strong, solid rock. It elevated the presentation of the pizza without making it "fancy".  The pizza was delicious. DEE-LI-CIOUS! Like a cat licking its chops after drinking milk delicious. The tastes all worked well with each other in my mouth. I secretly wished for a private moment with the pizza. I did not want to converse with my brother. I only wanted to eat and fill up on this good blend of hard and soft textures that had the right amount of flavor, which came through with each chew.Read more at  bloggeremme.com/emmetrav…GAH! I dream about this pizza!!! It's not hype my friends, this place has THE best wood fired pizza I've ever had! Ok, I've never had the "famous" New York pizza, but I really don't think it could beat this place. The crust is so amazing that it hardly needs any toppings. But oh the toppings! They are creative, and oh so delish! We've tried the cherry bomb peppers and fennel sausage pizza , their guanciale, soft egg with dandelion green, the house salumi with caramelized onions and sardegna as well as the roasted yellowfoot mushrooms with truffle cheese, and the ALL were fantastic! I also love their black kale salad. Who knew raw kale could be so nice?Cash in your paycheck, sell your plasma, whatever it takes and eat at this place. Often!I love fancy pizza. This place does just that. The crust is amazing - thin and pastry-like. Salads and beer options also great.But 2.5 hour wait? Isn't that a little excessive? Don't they get tired of all their customers being completely trashed from spending those 2 plus hours at nearby bars?I have to say, our server was a saint for putting up with us. I could tell she's used to it.Worth the hour-long wait. Great pizza, fun atmosphere, although tight quarters. Will go again, for sure!Seriously tom presentation is everythingQuit shopping at value village for the flatware and plates.Serious pie calls for serious plates1 hour wait time for a table of 6.  You can drop your number and grab a beer next door.  We all shared pizzas and the bill came out to be $21 pp.Started with 2 apps.  Very small dishes to share  but everyone was able to taste it.roasted beets, caramelized anchovies, pistachio  8 (salty, it was OK)house speck, persimmons, pomegranate  9 (Order this!)My pick in order of awesomeness.(1) guanciale, soft egg, beacon hill arugula  16(2) sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers  17(3) yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino  15 (4) brussels sprouts, smoked pancetta, caramelized onions 17Will not visit this place again.  Pizza is not to die for.  Tom Douglas can kiss my a$$.  Only come here if you want to try something different and health fanatic.Serious DISAPPOINTMENT is more like it! Why on earth this place has such amazing reviews is beyond me. Is it good pizza? Yes. Is it the best pizza or a must-eat at spot if you're in Seattle? Absolutely not!I got the sweet fennel sausage pizza and it had nice flavor with a crispy crust, but it didn't really "wow" me. I thought, this is good pizza but definitely overhyped.I could have done without eating here but at least I don't feel like I missed out. I'm thinking the Yelpers who have been here, haven't experienced the likes of Mozza Pizzeria in Los Angeles or Di Fara's pizza in NYC - because if they have - I'm confident they would agree with me that Serious Pie seriously does not stand a chance.Hip restaurant for a serious pie. Mixed green salad and a sausage pizza with some lemonade which was a great match on a warm summer evening. This was my first time here and my friend and I both enjoyed the place. Quality ingredients and seasoning to special toppings led to a delicious dinner. Definitely recommend. Fits in with Seattle.Interesting flavors. Wait is pretty long, over an hour.We ordered 4 pizzas for 7 people and we were all pretty full. 1. Sweet fennel sausage: tasted like a regular sausage pizza2. Truffle: Probably the best out of all the pizzas3. Duck egg: nice that each piece had some duck egg on it. I personally didn't like it4. Special of the day with blossoms: okay but the zucchini was cut into huge chunks so it didn't make the pizza taste that greatDelicious. Worth the wait! Go get your favorite beverage nearby or take a walk, and they'll call your cellphone. YUMMY GOODNESS! Casual. Community seating.Serious Pie, did you guys get better or what? Visiting Seattle for the Umpteenth time and again, were just blown away by how awesome the pizza dough/crust is, the great fennel sausage was, and the amazing cheese that was used. We decided to also get the grilled watermelon appetizer this time... delicious! Spiced and seasoned just right and served with sliced peaches and spring mix salad with a light vinaigrette dressing."Summer in a Glass" was a white wine sangria and fresh summer fruits. Refreshing. Had a mini caraffe. We also ordered the Chocolate Budino for dessert. So smooth and quite creamy. Loved the biscotti on the side too.Tom Douglas, I see that you opened another location in Seattle.. will you ever be able to open one here in LA? :DSerious Pie probably deserves only 3 or 3.5, but pizza makes me happy.  When my lactard boyfriend agrees to ingest loads of cheese at his peril to make me happy, I'm all about it.We got there around 7:15 on a Saturday night (they don't take reservations) and were told that it would be about 40 minutes.  Most pleasantly, it was more like 15.  The restaurant itself is small, but I liked the dark, intimate feel.  Our server was pleasant, albeit somewhat distant.  There was a nice wine selection for reasonable prices (a Montepulciano for 6 and a Sangiovese for 7.5).  We ordered a mushroom appetizer, which was decidedly "meh."  We also ordered the buffalo mozzarella pizza and a special, which consisted of olive oil, beet greens, and pork slices.  Minus one star for the toppings, mostly for the lack of choices and also for their general blandness.  The wood-fired crust was quite delicious, however.  With the help of some Lactaid, I'm looking forward to going back again!I've eaten at Serious Pie 3-4 times now, and each time the pizzas have been delicious. I've tried almost all the pizzas on the menu by now, since I tend to come with groups of 4-6 and we order many pizzas to share.The pizzas here have thin crust and gourmet ingredients. My favorites are the pizza with yukon gold potatoes, the one with soft-boiled egg and greens, and the one with penn cove clams. The toppings seem to change slightly from time to time, so the exact pizzas I had may not be available.Warning: The pizzas are not very filling. On hungry days, I can eat 2 pizzas. I have found that 1.25:1 or 1.5:1 is a good pizza:person ratio. The pizzas are served pretty quickly, so I suggest ordering as you eat. The wait tends to be pretty long if you go at regular meal times, but hey, good food comes at a price! Avoid peak hours. Order a glass or two of wine and peruse the coffee table books in the entrance area while you wait.I'm a fan of the nice warm wooden decor and the glass windows looking into the kitchen area as well! I haven't been impressed with the other Tom Douglas restaurants (Lola, Etta's), but I willingly go back to Serious Pie again and again when I am craving some non-fast-food pizza.Thank you Yelp for another successful find! Seriously!Service was quick and friendly. Ambience was fun and cozy, but be prepared to share a table and get extra cozy--this may not be the time for that uber 'serious' convo. Prices are decent (slightly steep for my starving student wallet). And no line around 5 pm on a Sunday. We just barely beat the dinner rush!I wish we could have explored the menu a bit more, but this was supposed to be a mid-afternoon "snack" before dinner reservations. The bf and I shared the truffle cheese and mushroom pizza. It was a delight! Awesome texture and flavor to the pie. Crust is crisp to perfection (a thin crust). Bf was sold with the fact that sea salt was sprinkled on the pizza. Eat it while it's still hot, that is when it tastes the best!This is definitely on my top food spots for Seattle. I'm going to research this Tom Douglas guy now! Do not skip out on Serious Pie if you are in the area!I have being wanting to eat here for over 18 months, at last I got into town for work by myself on an empty stomach.  Got in at 2pm on a Thursday and there were almost no other people in the restaurant.  The short and sweet of it, they have right beers for the food you want eat.  Sure the menu is short but it is what is good at the moment and they had a pizza that wasn't listed too and I am ok with it.  The pizza was good to look at, the crust was thin and the ingredients were amazing, pork jaut on a pizza, booyah.  The regular is big enough for one person, they have happy hour specials to boot if you want to sample some of different pies at a good price.Wow.  This place had some amazing pizza.  Ive been to a lot of places in Seattle for pizza and this place definitly at the top.  The crust has a slight crunch while the inside was soft and chewy.  I got the clam pizza (theres only one with clams) and the pizza was light and not too filling.  The only complaints, which are minor, is how small the place is and the pricing.  This place is small so took me a couple of times to get back here to finally try it.  Well worth it though.  The prices are a little high but for a Tom Douglas place, worth it.  Yum!  Next time, im coming during Happy Hour which allows you to pay a little less for a smaller pizza so you can try different flavors!Serious pie smelled seriously good. But once we sat down and got our pizzas, I remembered we were paying quite a lot for a piece of dough with some stuff on top. We ordered one "weird" pizza, a pear and prosciutto, and a typical tomato, basil, and mozzarella.  The toppings were good, but it seemed like they had skimped on them. The crust was a lot better than most, but a little more burned than I would like. For the same price, you can get something a lot more interesting at one of Dougla's other nearby restaurants. The dining room is cozy...but I imagine it would get annoying in loud during peak hours.The pizza is more like a bubbly flat bread with delicious treats on top.  If you plan yourself an early dinner here, you can take advantage of the happy hour and you'll start to wonder why you ever settled for less in your pizzas.  You can get spicy sausage with mozzarella or sweet salumi with caramelized onions or truffles.  Best of all, you can chase it all down with some Mexican Coke.If you come after happy hour, you will have to wait.  This place gets pretty busy and you might have to wait a while outside.  Lines scare me so I'll frequently call in for takeout and eat these gourmet pizzas at home on the couch.uh.muh.guh.  Seriously some of the best pizzas we've ever, EVER had.The 6 of us got there around 7ish on a Saturday night.  I knew we were in for a wait because the line was out the door to just place your name.  2 hours was the wait time.  No worries, we could head to some local places for a nosh and drinks.When our time came we were happily seated at one of the back window tables along with another couple who were just wrapping up their meal.We all wanted to try a bit of everything, so we started with both the pumpkin app and brussel sprouts app.  Unfortunately the fonduta was all sold out.  Next time...But what we DID order was fabulous!  The pork belly on the brussle sprouts were sooo delish.Then we shared 4 pizzas: Yukon Gold Potato, Cherry Bomb Peppers & Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, and the House Salumi.  Each and every one was terrific, but I have to say the majority of us agreed the Cherry Bomb Pepper and Sausage was the best of the evening.  And that's saying a LOT when I agree - I never get sausage on my pizza, always opting for veggies only.For dessert we had the olive oil cake and something else I can't remember.....I remember both were really nice.I can't wait to go back to Serious Pie and have more delectable 'zah.  Maybe they'll have the fonduta then :)Lots to like at first, but came up quite short in the end. First of all, you have to be OK with the seating set up here - which I happen to really like. Very Euro - in a good way, and it maximizes the space available. On the good front you will find a simple but quality decor, no TV or kids running around and a super friendly staff.The wine list was all Euro, which I find annoying since there is so much good wine here in WA. I don't understand why restaurants get so caught up in local and then have no local wine?The salad I had was the highlight of the meal! Very nicely done and had great balanced flavor.The pizza was a stone-cold let down. For some reason it tool a LONG time to arrive. Once it did, I discovered a crust that was very strange: airy but thin, lacking flavor and texture - too soft and bland - more like a pastry than a nice yeasty gluteny platform for toppings. The topping combo was nice, but there was so little of the 'house cured' meat on there that I had to strip half the pie of it and concentrate it on the remaining slices to even taste it.So, then there is the price. Totally over the top. My lunch - solo - was over $40. What? Yeah. Um, Serious Pie? Seriously over-hyped and over priced.I'm a native Chicagoan living in SF, with a huge appreciation for super thin wood oven pizza. I stayed in Hotel Andra across the street and decided to pick up a couple of pies to go. (There was no way we were going to wait 1 hour, 45 min for a table.) I was skeptical of having good pizza in Seattle, but I was more than pleasantly surprised. Serious Pie was some of the best pizza I've had in my life. Here's what I had: A potato pie and a clam + pancetta pie. Both excellent. The next day, we found ourselves making a whole lot of excuses for staying near the hotel for dinner (i.e. must watch the Grammy awards, too cold outside) so we ended up getting Serious Pie two days in a row. This time we had: mozzarella + basil and the potato pie. Yum all over again.I'm back in San Francisco now and daydreaming about Serious Pie. Sigh...until we meet again...Delightful artisan pizza! This is the way it's supposed to be.Good wood fired pizzas with great ingredient mixes.Major + for the serving sizes too. Everything is just right.The only down side is the size of the place. We had a 2 hour wait for a party of 6 and there's no reservations.If you have some serious craving for some out-of-the box pizza, this is the place to go. Truffle cheese is to die for!! (I just choose anything that's got Truffle written in their description box). Appetizers here are quite small so I'd suggest just do the pizzas a-la-carte.Space is quite small so go early before all the best seats in the house is taken!YUMMY!!!  This place is delicious!  We got to try the smoked goose bruschetta, chicken liver (MY FAVORITE) and three pizzas:-Cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage-Roasted yellowfoot mushrooms, truffle cheese-Penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme.The clam pizza was by far the best of the three.   Serious Pie really is as good as they say.  My only complaint would be that the pizzas are quite oily and the service was sub par, but I'd come back here in a heartbeat!This place is a must try when in Seattle.Location/Ambiance: Small, rustic feel. Open kitchen is excited to watch. The line-cook that puts the finishing touches on the pizzas had the most passion in his eyes and technique I had ever seen. Apparently a lot of sports royalty frequent the place because we were sitting right next to Jeremy Shockey and Julius Jones (formerly on the Seattle Seahawks). This made the visit even sweeter.Food/Prices: Where can I begin to describe my love for Serious Pie? Could I start with the amazing crispy yet mysteriously soft thin crust? Or the unique hint of fresh salt that added a twist to each bite? Or maybe the delicious, fresh ingredients that top the pizza? No matter where I start, the bottom line is - the pizza pies that are made here are to die for. Maybe even qualifies for the last slice of heaven, I mean pizza I'd eat before I die.Service: I forgot our waiter's name but he was captivating. My boyfriend and I got lost in his gentle eyes and soft voice voice. We swear we weren't trying to be rude when we would completely zone out and start seeing butterflies flutter around his face every time he visited our table, which was quite often. The service is amazing.I have to give this 4 stars b/c my 5 stars is still reserved for my favorite NY pizza. Had I never ever met Grimaldi's then this place would definitely get a 5 from me. The crust itself is not as chewy but tasty nonetheless. My friends and I ordered 3 pizzas for take out. The first was the sausage fennel...I don't know what it is about fennel but it's seriously my secret dose of MSG...I LOVE IT! The sausage itself was super flavorful but with that hint of fennel it just pushes it up an extra notch. Next was the Chanterelles with truffle oil...this is definitely only reserved for mushroom lovers as the mushroom flavor can be quite overwhelming. As for our last pizza, it was the salumi...probably my least favorite. To me salumi is still best with a thin slice of cheese! If you are in the Seattle area, it's a short walk from Pike Place...go check it out, you won't be disappointed. The wait can get quite long during peak dining hours so go during off-peak hours.Swanky, hip, definitely a foodie's pizza place. I usually order plain cheese or pepperoni pizza at other pie places, but you won't find that here. After looking at the menu for a while, and asking what certain menu items were, I surprisingly found a pizza I wanted to try - the mozzarella, red sauce and basil pizza. It was magnificent and I devoured the entire thing. (Cue indigestion.)My only complaint was the serving platter - it kept slipping around. I thought it was going to fly off the table and decapitate a fellow patron.Yes, it was overpriced. But it was a fun experience and I was in great company. In the end, I don't always remember how much I paid for a meal - but I always remember how I felt walking away. And I felt exhilarated.I've heard rave reviews about Serious Pie so I had to check it out.  It's a Tom Douglas restaurant and feels clean, chic, and minimalistic.  The pizzas are thin-crust and the toppings are unique. My first time there, I was intrigued by a pizza that had egg as a topping. The specific toppings for that pizza we ordered were soft cooked duck eggs, garlic, spicy coppa, arugula.  The combination may seem strange but it actually worked very well together. The crust was perfectly crisp and the pizza did not taste salty.  My second time to Serious Pie (at the Westlake location) we tried a pizza with the following toppings: sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone.  I've enjoyed each pizza and never felt too stuffed when I left. If you're looking for a huge and hearty pizza, you won't find it here since it's the thin crust type. However, you won't be disappointed if you give this place a shot. I'm definitely coming back!Wow!  Absolutely delicious.  Being from NJ I know what pizza should taste like so I knew I wasn't going to Serious Pie for a slice.  I ordered the special which was pork belly, pear, sheep's milk cheese, fresh tomatoes and olive oil.  It was heaven.  The ingredients meshed together very well and I couldn't get enough of the pork belly.Then there's the bread.  The dough was crispy, soft and chewy.  It was perfection.  I don't even like bread all that much but this was heavenly. I will be back again and again.  I must try them all.When we left a guy on the street asked if it was as good as everyone says. Yes. Yes it is. Pizza is my favorite food group. Serious Pie fits right in. Thin crust, interesting topping combos, delicious desserts, friendly staff. A bit crowded and almost too cozy. I'd probably opt for take out if the wait was too long. Worth it, none the less.As serious as the heart attack you will get if your diet consists primarily of these pizza pies.SERIOUSly amazing! There was an hour wait for a party of 6 on a saturday night, which we expected. Well worth the wait. They only serve beer and wine so me and the ladies at the table shared a bottle of their dry bubbly. De-lish. For our pie, we ordered a buffalo mozzarella with tomato sauce, the sausage and fennel, and their special clam pizza. We all loved each one, with most of the group favoring the clam pizza. The crust is thin, light, and crispy, unlike any pizza crust I've had. We were celebrating a birthday so they brought us a complimentary dessert, something creamy with toasted almonds (too much bubbly for me to remember exactly!) I never expect anything for free, so it's always a nice surprise when we get it! Great service and pies!Seriously, one of the best pizzas ever.  Even without tomato sauce.The crust, perfectly crisp and flecked with cornmeal is the perfect platform for any of their toppings, be it bold house cured salumi or intoxicating, aromatic truffle cheese.  Save room for dessert, at the moment, sorbetti in the form of huckleberry or peaches round out the perfect taste to the end of summer.So, the DH and I made quick weekend trip to Seattle for some R&R. We were staying at the Westin and happened to walk by this tiny restaurant with a line outside. We quickly came back to the hotel to see what we were missing out on.The next morning we skipped out on reservations for brunch and decided to head into the pizza joint. Definately not your normal pizza joint. Took a look at the menu and decided we must have pizza!DH had the fennel sausage and sweet peppers. He doesn't like peppers, but I told him he can't order it without. No point in ordering it then huh? He actually liked it very much and didn't pick off too many peppers. I ordered the buffalo mozzarella and tomato. This was the best "plain" pizza ever. I really loved the crisp crust and mild cheese. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area. DH even said the following day that he could eat it again. Good job pizza guys!!This place gets 5 stars for its happy hour alone. Delicious half pizzas for $5. So, so good. The only problem is that it's only from 3-5pm, and most of us are supposed to be at work at that time. I guess that's a hidden benefit, though, because if they had happy hour after 5pm, it'd probably be impossible to get a table.Pretty much every pizza they have is delicious. If I had to choose a favorite, it'd probably be the one with the soft egg on top, but I'm just a sucker for runny yolks on top of things. But the correct way to do happy hour here is to get a couple of friends together and order one of every kind of pie. And then get seconds of the ones that you just must have another bite of.The only tiny thing that I find bad about this place is the amount of salt they use. Apparently, they throw a bunch of salt onto the crust before they bake it. I love salt and the way that it opens up flavors, but I wish they'd just go a tad easier on it. But alas, all food in Seattle is just a little too salty, and so I won't fault Serious Pie for this.Decided to check out this place while the boyfriend and I were in town for the weekend after it came highly recommended by a friend.When we arrived there was a bit of a wait (which we expected for a Friday night) but we were able to order drinks while waiting for our table.  We got to watch them make the pizzas and tend to the stove, and it was really interesting to see all the effort and thought that goes into keeping the stove going.  They also cure all their own meats in house, so you know they care about what goes on top of their pizza.We ordered 2 pizzas-the buffalo mozzarella and clam.First, the clam:I didn't really like it.  There wasn't much sauce on the pizza, it was mostly just a drizzling of oil and sprinkling of spices-and it needed something a bit more.  The crust was incredible though-thin and crispy yet chewy at the same time.  I usually hate the crusts, but I ate every single bite of this.Then, the buffalo mozzarella and tomato:Best.  Pizza.  EVER.  Who knew something so simple could be so delicious.  The tomatoes were sweet, the cheese had just enough taste without being overwhelming.....both paired with that amazing crust.  I wish I had ordered two of these.It isn't your typical cheap, greasy pizza place-don't expect days of leftovers, but if you want a great quality pie with the freshest ingredients, this is the place to come.I love pizza and I love potatoes. Whhhaaattt?!  There is a place that has a potato pizza?!  Of course I had to try it when I was in town and it did not disappoint.  Very tasty, though it wasn't as enjoyable towards the end since it was no longer piping hot.   We also ordered a clam pizza which was ok, though I did wish we ordered the traditional magherita instead.  Crust on both pizzas were perfectly crunchy and delicious. Only downside of this place is that it's quite small and crowded.  Prices are a little expensive given that it's just pizza, but I would definitely come back again.Serious Pie is a very enjoyable wood fired pizza option downtown, and one of the many flagships in the Tom Douglas Seattle food empire.If you are not familiar with the Tom Douglas phenomenon (one of the early chefs to bring quality, consistent innovative cuisine to Seattle as far back as the early 90s) and want a quick, accessible introduction, Serious PIe along with the Dahlia Bakery right around the corner and Lola across the street, are all great entry points.  While the Bakery is a take away breakfast or lunch spot, Serious Pie is a good spot for a nice date night on your way elsewhere.Serious Pie is a very smallish, confined setting downtown, so its recommended for adults only (we tried bringing our youngster, and as she sat precariously placed on a very high bar stool, we thought better of bringing her back again.) The food and the setting are not intended to be family friendly.  This is a good stop, and Tom Douglas is a Seattle standard, and something to sample while in town, but this is not a place to sit and stay and hangout.  The high bar stool seating doesn't really encourage lingering, and we felt like we were almost standing while eating, bumping elbows with others.While I love the idea of communal seating (some of my favorite spots in San Francisco and Portland have comfy, friendly communal seating) unfortunately the dining room at Serious Pie is crowded, noisy and even makes an extrovert like me feel a little claustrophobic.  The food is enjoyable though, so maybe a different setting and feel to the place, would encourage more return trips.The food is tasty.  The roasted king trumpet mushrooms and truffle cheese is one of my favorites, very subtle, and who can say no to braised pork belly and arugula salad as a starter?  Certainly not me.   While we had a good experience, my best test of a place is how often I want to return.  We haven't been back in over two years.  its not the food, which is tasty, but it doesn't occur to us.  The ambiance isn't great, parking downtown in this area is a task, and due to long waits, a no reservations policy, and so many other great spots in town for date night, we save pizza for other family friendly spots (Delancey, Bar del Corso.)We went on a Friday night at around 6:30pm, but it was a 1 1/2-2 hr wait so we came the next day for lunch around when it opened at 11am- no wait at all!Our server had a little bit of an attitude, but the food was effin delicious! The baby mixed greens was nothing special, but they really know how to make a "serious" pizza. The truffle cheese pizza was the TRUTH. We also ordered the special: pancetta with a sharp fragrant cheese (maybe assiago?) chives, and parsley. The latter was a little on the salty side, but that's the way I usually like it! Crust was partially burnt, but only one corner had it bad. That shit's hard to get perfect- I know from experience!The iced tea was very unique, definitely worth trying if you're bored of the run of the mill Lipton crap.Ambiance: wasn't really into the silly art they had up, but I loved the family style seating, the open kitchen, and the comfy chairs.Very cozy atmosphere.The toilet in the bathroom looked like someone dropped a "serious" bomb, so I think they should consider renovating that so the water washes away the de-appetizingness of a mess. Or at least make the mens and women's seperate. Just a personal pref.Two people thanked us for coming in as we left, which was much appreciated.Overall, it lived up to it's reputation on the pie end of things; a little overpriced but worth it!It was our first night in Seattle and my yelp compulsion led us here. The wait was about an hour, so we took a stroll and got a drink and when our table was ready they called my man-friend's cell phone and told us to mosey on over. We stood awkwardly in the tight vestibule as  people were exiting and coming in to pick up orders. The staff was pleasant and friendly and quickly whisked us to our table. At this point I realized why it was such a long wait for this thin crust pizza at 9 pm. The restaurant is a freaking closet! They really need to think about expanding. On to the food! we started with the artichoke app and it was tasty, but nothing particularly unique-- I'm pretty sure the man-friend found it a little too piquant for his taste and used a mysterious throat tickle as an excuse for his eye-watering and water guzzling.  We then had a couple local brews and split a sausage and cherry pepper pizza that we both found satisfactory. All-in-all I wouldn't say this place stood out, but I would say it was better than solid.I was skeptical about coming here when it was first recommended to me, but I was in love at first bite.The biggest thing for me was the crust; it had the very necessary crisp bite yet chewy inside despite not being very thick. Great flavor in the crust as well. The toppings are well balanced and I've loved almost every pizza I've tried there with a few standouts: the baked egg, the potato and clam pizzas have all been fantastic.better yet, grilled sardines and salad appetizers were suprisingly good as well, and the hand pie for dessert was amazing as well.wish it were less busy, so I could get my eat on more easily, but this is one of a few places I tell everyone to visit in seattle.Not that this place really needs another review, but here it is:I've been here twice, last time with several friends, and the waitstaff were very courteous and tolerant of our rather loud group of teenagers. We came for Happy Hour, where mini pizzas (about enough to feed one person) are $5. Pizzas took about 20 minutes to come out, but we didn't mind. We ordered the chanterelle & truffle cheese, fennel sausage & eggplant, garlic sausage, buffalo mozzarella, and yukon gold potato pizzas, and they were mostly excellent. The garlic sausage one tasted the most like a normal sausage pizza, but the others - especially the truffle cheese and mozzarella - were big hits. There were mixed opinions regarding the potato pizza though, and in my opinion it was a bit....herby, though still quite good. The dough was pleasantly light yet still supple and chewy, and a big hit. Due to the fact that I don't have the money to eat here when pizza is $17 (the whole teenager-who-can't-get-a-job-due-to-being-under-16 thing), Happy Hour is a great option and definitely worth it. Since we got here at 2:58 and the party before us was too big to be seated quickly, the famously long lines that have been mentioned weren't really an issue.I discovered Serious Pie's Yukon gold potato pie 5 years ago, the day before memorial day.This is no hyperbole - while I have fallen in love with all Seattle has to offer, this pizza is the MAIN reason that we have traveled back to Seattle from San Diego  over Memorial day weekend every year since.See you in two weeks Mr. Douglas.When you walk into a restaurant that describes their food as serious, you know you've delved into something truly special. Serious Pie is aptly named. You can almost taste the dedication in their work, bubbling with pride and topped with fiery passion.Let me begin by saying I'm not a fan of the communal table Serious Pie has set up. My expectation to have an intimate date with my girlfriend was diminished as I felt uncomfortable sitting within whispering distance of the person next to me. It literally gets elbow-to-elbow when it's crowded in here. I know that's how it's supposed to be, but please take note if you're socially inept or have bad body odor or something.Anyway, being from Southern California, we were here for one night and one night only, so we were naturally very careful about what to order. The lady who seated us suggested a few menu items:- The sweet fennel sausage, pepper, and provolone pizza is most popular with customers.- The arugula, coppa, and soft-boiled egg pizza is her personal favorite.- The chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza is the one famously featured on Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."We decided to go for that last one.As it turns out, the thing we ordered wasn't a pizza. Couldn't have been. A pizza is a hot, sloppy hunk of carbs and grease. No, what we received was a work of art. The crust was crisp with subtle charring around the edges, and the truffle oil blended in perfectly with the mushrooms and cheese. It wasn't overpowering as truffle oil can sometimes be, but just enough to bring out the other ingredients' earthy notes.My girlfriend and I devoured the entire thing, somewhat regretting that we had decided to share only one pizza instead of trying two. Alas, hedonism has its price. At around $20 a pie, it becomes somewhat of a budget issue that makes it difficult to justify ordering more. Serious Pie does have a happy hour in which several mini-pies are available for a few bucks, so if you and your party are interested in sampling a greater variety of choices, that may be the perfect time to stop by.WOW! WOW! WOW!For starters when you walk into the restaurant there is a pitcher of mint water. Drink some. It completely cleanses your pallet so that you can truly enjoy the FEAST that is about to come your way!!Started off with oven roasted mussels with wine, artichokes and capers - silky smooth and delicious. If I weren't in public I'd drink the sauce!!The sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone pizza and roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza were ordered. OH MY GOSH! The only critiquie is that the roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese should be eaten first and it was such a mild and sweet flavor that the sweet fennel sausage overpowered it. But that was my fault! It was delicious!Amazing service! Amazing food!I love the atmosphere at Serious Pie - lots of communal tables, with a dark and rustic feel.The wait without reservations on a Sunday night at 6:30 for 2 people was about 45 minutes. This wasn't an issue, we could wait at our hotel was across the street, and they gave us a call on our cell phone when the table was ready.My husband and I ordered the Yukon Gold pizza. It was OK, a little dry and salty in my opinion. The crust was some of the best pizza crust I've had in my life, though. Next time, I might order the sausage pizza. We also tried the chocolate budino with olive oil and sea salt for dessert (no pies on the menu for dessert??). Budino is an Italian pudding. I love the mix of salty and sweet in this dessert, and the olive oil is an interesting touch. I'm seeing olive oil being added to desserts more and more, I like this trend. :)Overall, I was happy with my meal and wish I lived closer to Serious Pie so I could go back!Seriously good pie here. The place was crowded and the wait was long but worth the wait. Ordered the buffalo mozzarella with red sauce and the sweet fennel sausage with provolone. They were very tasty and made with fresh ingredients.  The staff was friendly but slow due to being so busy.  I recommend this place but go on weekday.pizza, Pizza, PIZZA! Here in Seattle and if you don't know me already pizza is my love. So first stop Serious Pie. A cute, quaint little spot that makes everything fit to make you feel like you've been there a thousand times. As I was seated the first thing I noticed is they waste no space as you literally sit at someone else's table. So if you're riding solo, which I happened to be doing that night, bring reading material so you're not distracted but your neighbors pie...or you just might drool, a little.  The menu is small with apps and salads listed as starters.  They offer a small number of pies, about 7, all made to one size. Perfect for enjoying and not indulging. After skimming the menu one word jumped out and I placed my order along with my drink. I could not wait to try the "truffle" cheese. Chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese, could it get any better. Presentation was modern and hip as your pie is served on a heat resistant cutting board of some sort. Style! The pizza looked as if it might have been baked too long based on the color of the crust but boy was I wrong. One bite and it was....so FLUFFY!! I have never experienced crust like this before. It was light, crisp, airy, and once again FLUFFY! For you salt lovers there is a slight saltiness that you would appreciate. It had a non-salt lover impressed with every "other" bite. The share of mushrooms was moderate in reference to the truffle cheese. I'm eager to try the buffalo mozzarella and tomato pizza as I almost stole my neighbors last slice but I'll be back. Ambiance was intimate and casual. Would make great for an early date night before enjoying beautiful Seattle.Another winner for Tom Douglas.  Definitely way more casual than his other restaurants, but certainly not lacking in quality.The pizzas here are very creative (yukon gold potatos as a topping, for example).  Also, based on what I was able see of the chefs, it looked like the cheese was added after the pizza came out of the oven - which meant it ended up being nicely toasted rather than a melted ball of cheese.  This place is taking pizza places it hasn't been before.  Very cutting edge.  Definitely not your standard pizza experience.The seating is all communal and cozy, so you'll inevitably get to meet the people seated around you (which could be good or bad, I suppose...but we lucked out).If you're ever in a situation where you want to order pizza but your food snob significant other wants something fancier, this place is your answer.Amazing! Ridiculously amazing! Some of the best pizza I've ever eaten and truly the culinary highlight of my visit to the Northwest. Now stop reading the over 1000 reviews for this place and make a reservation!Believe me, I used to absolutely love this place and it replaced my love for Via Tribunali - sure, I couldn't stand waiting to get a seat and was annoying that multiple parties usually end up sitting at a single, long table, but the Yukon Gold pizza was so tasty I might kill for it. Then...I just got tired of it. The negatives of the wait and the kinda blah menu and the group seating just got to be too much - and all of this happened right about the time I discovered Delancey in Ballard. You will get good pizza here - but maybe not quite as good as the Tom Douglas hype would lead you to believe. Not extremely vegetarian friendly - those options seem to stay the same (basic cheese pizza, yukon gold potato pizza).Seattle food adventure stop #3!It seems that Serious Pie has some-guy-on-the-Food-Network's favorite pizza.  So boyfriend and I stopped in, grabbed a pizza to go, and ate it on the corner down the street (couldn't stay too long, had to make our next stop!).  I got to have a moment imagining myself a very hip foodie hobo.Guy-on-Food-Network's favorite pizza is apparently the chanterelle mushroom truffle cheese pizza ($17).  The pizza was really, really good.  I was being super faux-foodie analytical so maybe I'm being harder on it than I should be, but I would like more cheese and maybe less salt. . . but then I returned to LA and went to Pizzeria Mozza and thought the pizza there could use MORE salt (thinking back to Serious Pie), so what am I even talking about?The thin, just crispy crust was deemed the best crust he'd ever had by my boyfriend, and he's pretty selective. . . and I might just have to agree.My brother recommended this place from yelp on a recent trip with dad.Pros:-Really yummy food - it was so good we ordered 1 more pie-They make it right in front of you & you see it cooking in the oven-Has nice ambianceCons:-Expensive-Small, not a lot of seats - the tables are joined together, so you may eat with other partiesSerious Pie was a serious miss... we ordered the Barata with truffle honey, pears, and hazelnuts. It was an interesting flavor combo but I wouldn't describe it as "tasty" or "delicious" by any stretch of the word. We also ordered the kale, soft egg, sausage, and cheese pizza. The sausage was flavorless, the kale gave the pizza a "fishy" taste, and the soft egg didn't add anything to the mix. The entire pizza was exceptionally bland, I even asked the waitress for salt (I don't typically salt any of my foods). I was not impressed by this place at all. I've had better pizza with more flavor from Pizza Hut. I feel like I wasted $35. On the positive side, the crust was good and the waitress was very nice. I do appreciate good service.Been there a couple times.Crunchy doughnut crust + toppings = the pizza last visit.Very flavorful with a few simple toppings.  The sausage pizza had very very zesty sausage, and the shroom pizza was shroomy.The setting is cramped.  It can also get noisy, but people can still eves drop on your conversation of midgets and porn stars.  Yea, we had to share a table with strangers.  Not a good place when flatulent.  Good pizza, that's worth checking out if you're in the area already.There can be long wait, so I'd get on the list early.Their pizza makes my head spin with extreme, mindboggling joy.The crust, simply, makes me cry.The toppings, so artfully restrained yet perfectly balanced, give me palpitations.The vision of the stone oven creating crackling, crisp crusts sends me into a dizzying bliss.I would fly back to Seattle just to get some pizza here (since NYC is too far). Would? Never mind. I flew back to seattle for a long weekend.... just to get pizza at serious pie. tears. thank you.Everything it's cracked up to be - it's very thin pizza people!  The Italian sausage was well seasoned and moist.  If you're into light Neopolitan style pizza, then they have a wonderful crust.  High prices but great service once you finally make it in.  Good every now and then when you're near by.Depending on my mood, Serious Pie is my favorite pizza in town. Tom Douglas' pizza place makes a limited, but excellent assortment of pizzas. My personal favorite is probably the mushroom, but the clam pizza makes a strong case, too. Service is unsurprisingly professional. The main drawbacks to this place are the wait and the parking, but that's a given for a downtown Tom Douglas establishment.All my friends told me that have to try this place when I'm in Seattle. Luckily, I listened to them because normally i ignore them... just kidding!!!  I didn't make any reservations so i ended up waiting almost an hour for a table. I normally don't mind waiting for a table.  However it was were i ran into a few people who were from San Francisco who were also visiting waiting for a table too.. small world. I already know what i wanted to order, my friend and i ordered the beet salad and the roasted mushrooms with truffle cheese. The Beet salad was ok, but you can taste that the beets weren't really fresh, they were canned beets. As for the pizza it was scrumptious!! You can really taste the truffles! It was so good, but it fills you up quick! I really wanted to try the pizza with the soft boiled egg and the pizza with the yukon gold potatoes. This place is def. worth the wait and for another visit when i return! Oh, parking is really hard around this area, so be patient!Good ZzaEvery time I walk my dog past Serious Pie he tries to walk in like he lives there. Can't blame him. The delicious aroma wafting out of the door is all of the advertisement they need. They are almost always packed, or at least they are when I walk by. I usually just order takeout. I love the mushroom and truffle pizza as well as the plain mozzarella red sauce and basil.Almost always a seriously long wait to get a seat at this uber-trendy Tom Douglas Pizzeria  (I bet he hates that I just called it that). Really interesting combination of ingredients atop these artisan pies (you won't find ham and pineapple), and almost always delicious. The last time I was there, the "fire roasted brussels" were particularly impressive as was the soft cooked egg and prosciutto pizza. I'm not a huge fan of the seating - I don't mind sharing the long tables, but there are times it feels compact to the point of cramped. The service has always been mixed - they're almost always full, so everything feels a little hectic. Overall it's worth the wait (as you will definitely wait).Excellent spot for a meal. Pizza was very good and appetizer with smami and some cheese with honey was great. I don't love the communal table thing but all good when you have a friendly atmosrhere with stellar food. The pizza is not mind blowing but it was enjoyable.No complaints! Great service, a reasonable price for a decent bottle of wine and a fun time.The pizza has a little too much going on, sometimes the flavor pairings are not complimentary and the crust doesn't always hold up to the toppings.  It is good pizza, but not great pizza.The pizzas are delicious. Love the great atmosphere and the attentive servers!I was told by a friend that I have to go here for pizza when in Seattle.  I was busy running around Downtown and doing other sightseeing trips that I kept forgetting to go here.  Well on my last night in town, I remembered to run over here.  It was a stone's throw away from my hotel room which was nice and it was on the way to Pike Place Market if you're interested too.  I don't think they take reservations, you put your name down and wait.  It was about an hour wait when I arrived.  I could order take out in 20 minutes.  Do the math.  So I ordered a Penne Cove clams, Pancetta Tesa and Chilies pizza.  The crust was crispy and thin.  The cheese with the clams gave it a nice flavor.  It packed a punch in all the right ways.  It was just delicious and a great way to end the trip.  Definitely worth going to whenever I head back to Seattle.  Enjoy!Serious pie is seriously expensive.  While all ingredients were fresh and the crust is tasty while being baked in a wood fired brick oven and tastes good, it just cost too much.  For the money, I've experienced better pie.  Just talking pie, it's between a 3-4 star pie.Visited at 10pm on a friday night, no line no waiting, pie came out in 5 minutes.Love, love, love you, Serious Pie.... I brought a friend from San Francisco and we had the duck bacon, fig and fried sage pie. It was glorious!! I am making plans to go back...Good Pizza, humble street level location. Bambie & me just spent 5 days in Seattle primarily to try the chef owned restaurants that are currently "the buzz".  We ate another Tom Douglas place in addition to Serious Pie.Truth be told, I liked Serious Pie better.  Why?  Lower prices, friendlier service,  humble ambiance (Or should I say less precious?), & more authentic / simple food.Bambie declared that the pizza was better than some of our SF Bay area favorites.  I disagree.  Though good, I thought that the slightly corn meal finished bread is excellent and the fresh toppings are beyond reproach,  Serious Pie is not world class pizza.   I prefer the pizza at Picco in Larkspur CA , DiAvola in Geyserville CA or even Rosso in Santa Rosa CA.  Why?  My favorites have better mouth feel,  and more integrated flavors.  Serious pie tastes like the toppings are just sitting on top of the pizza. The  "pie" is not integrated into a harmonious whole-pleasure-delivery-system.Still this is 4 Yelp Stars worthy.   If your usual pizza is Round Table or Joe Schmo's from down the street,  you will think that Serious Pie is da' bomb.On vacation in Seattle, everyone says go to Tom Douglas' restaurant! Go to Tom Douglas! So.... we end up at Serious Pie. Took along a good friend (a local no less!) and split two pizzas.... my favorite was the potato one because it's a bit more juicy. The extra oil definitely helps it go down easy. Mmm that crust is scrumptious.Okay full disclosure --- wandered in here the night before because I thought it was an actual PIE place. Like, dessert variety. Would be cool if there were pie-pies here as well.... teehee :)Tiny space, communal tables, extreme heat from the pizza ovens, swanky decor, delicious creative pizzas, friendly enough service!Very crowded during the normal diner hours.I came here for HH where they have a selection of about 7 pizzas that are half the size for only $5 each.  That is a serious deal so I had to try it.  We came in a large group and ordered one of each practically so we could all try a tiny piece.  A couple of them stood out (one w/ potato, another with an egg), but the others were just okay.  I would come for HH since it's relatively cheap and one of those can fill me up but otherwise I don't know if they're really worth it.  I've had better pizzas.I like that it's different though, and also the service - even though there was a insanely large crowd coming in when our group was wrapping up (and the place is tiny), I never felt rushed to leave.Serious Pie is well...... Serious.  My Dad and I ventured in after I had seen it on Food Network's best I ever ate pizza edition.  I had been craving some pizza from here since I saw the show so the first day at home in Seattle we made it happen.  We just ordered a whole pizza to share for lunch and it was the perfect size.  We got the Penn Cove Clam, lemongrass, and Pancetta pizza.  It was amazing full of flavor and Tom Douglas seafood cooking style.  Honestly it was one of the best pizza's I've ever ate.  Such a different pizza then the traditional pie's I've had but such a great blend of flavors on an amazing crust and base.  If you haven't been to Serious Pie you are missing out.  They have Happy Hour M-Thurs 3-5pm where you can get a personal pie for $5.I'd been to Tutta Bella and Belltown Pizza and neither of them do what Serious Pie does for me. After seeing this place on food network I knew I'd have to give it a shot. Boy was I sure glad I did!The wait was a little long for the pizza, but I guess that was to be expected. The pizza is well worth the wait, I can tell you that much. The crust is just the right amount of crunchy and doughy. There's not anything that's too overbearing/powerful. Each slice has the perfect amount of flavors going on for every bite. It's light and you don't feel stuffed after eating. I don't think Tom Douglas can do any wrong in my eyes. This is probably my favorite 'moderately' expensive pizza place in town. I had the chanterelle mushrooms with truffle oil or something along those lines, and it was damn good!  As well as the penn cove oysters with panchetta.This is life-changing pizza! The Secret Stash in Crested Butte has been knocked off it's pedestal by this amazing place. The crust is light and flaky, the sauce has the perfect amount of spices, and the pizza was made with just the right amount of toppings, so you don't leave with a pizza coma.It would be worth flying here just to eat here. It's a small place, I imagine evenings can be jammed. Eat here.4 1/2 stars!!   what a perfect meal to end our little weekend getaway. Italian soda of the day is a vanilla rhubarb- rhubard soda with a scoop of vanilla gelato. Yum!We had the special: Mustard green salad with beets, carmelized pistachios, shaved cheese and a sparkling wine vinagretteAlso enjoyed the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza- great truffle flavor and a crunchy thin crust. Heaven!!Decided to come here because of all of the hype finally and I was very glad I did.. This place is probably the best pizza I have ever had.. And pizza is my favorite food so that is saying a lot.I have been back a couple of times and every pizza I have tried was delicous and very different than normal pizzas.  Their crusts are just amazing and the toppings are superb!!Favorite pizza is probably the cherry bomb pizza which had such a good flavor to it, but wasn't too different in toppings like some of their other pizzas.  My girlfriend got the clam pizza and this one was pleasantly good.  I didn't have much hope for it, but I was extremely surprised when I first tried it.  The last pizza I tried was the egg pizza and this pizza was by far the most interesting pizza toppings wise.. but it was also extremely good!!If i could give more than 5 stars I would, if you like pizza you have to try this place.  The price might be a little steep but well worth it.Again, being from Chicago, my expectations for pizza in Seattle are low. But I was pleasantly surprised here.I had the pate as a starter, which was good but not really the style I'm used to, and then we had the pizza with morrels and arugula pesto. The morrels were delicious but the pesto was too much arugula and not enough of that great pesto flavor I'm used to.Either way, a pretty good meal all in all.Why so serious?You'll find out soon that Tom Douglas means business when it comes to pizzas. Everything from the decor, to the smell of the place, to the way the tables border the oven room make this as complete of a pizza eating experience as possible. The chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza was mmmm mmm delicious, a nice medly of baked dough and cheesy goodness. The guanciale, soft egg, arugula? Like what you get in Rome, light for a pizza and flavorful. When in Seattle, go serious.Serious Pie definitely has some serious pie!! Actually, when my boyfriend told me we were going to eat here, I thought the "pie" refers to pie, as in apple pie.The wait was horrendous!! I seriously did not think we would have to wait this long. I completely lost track of time, but I think we waited almost an hour for a table (and it's communal seating, as well). Ridiculous! I thought to myself, this better be the best pizza I've ever tasted. And Oh. My. God. The pizza here is so freaking good! Easily the best pizza I've ever eaten (none of that CPK crap!). We ordered the garlic sausage, chanterelle mushrooms, and sweet fennel sausage pizzas. All of them were sooooo good!! Full of flavor, and even the crust was really buttery and flavorful. This is definitely not the kind of pizza you'd find at Domino's or Pizza Hut--this is some serious pizza with quality ingredients. My favorite was the garlic sausage pizza, and it also has slices of eggplant on it. My favorite!!! I'm seriously craving some right now.The pizzas came out relatively fast, but next time, we are definitely coming here much earlier (they take your name and phone number down, so when there's seating available, they'll actually call you, so you can wander around if you'd like... not too bad, actually). To be honest, I think they need to expand!! So everyone doesn't have to wait an hour-plus for some bombass pizza!!Even though I came here with the family over the summer, I can still distinctly remember the 3 different pizzas we tried.  They were that good!1. Yukon gold potato, rosemary, and pecorino - Delicious!  The potatoes add a very unique flavor and texture to the pizza.  Pecorino cheese was awesome.2. Buffalo mozzarella,  san marzano tomato, and basil - Simple, yet fresh and high quality ingredients make this pizza an excellent choice.  3. Sweet fennel sausage and roasted peppers - Big chunks of juicy, flavorful sausage with the peppers made a great combo.I loved each pizza I tried.  The ingredients are fresh and tasty, and the crust has the perfect texture and flavor.  The pizzas aren't quite big enough to share... well, maybe if you're not too hungry, or you're just not a fatty like me (I could definitely kill one by myself).  I recommend getting different pizzas and sharing.  Definitely some of the best pizza I've had.This place has potential. I was excited to try it based on all the reviews and having seen it on The Food Network.We started with the peach bruschetta, which was the perfect dichotomy of sweet and savory. Fabulous texture and taste. This was definitely the highlight of the meal. We then had the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza. This left a little to be desired. There just weren't enough flavor and texture profiles to make this dish interesting. It needs something else. The dough was just a little doughier than I would have preferred and I needed a heat or spice source to really make the flavors sing.The wait staff left a lot to be desired as well. We came in and were the first ones to be seated for the day in the entire restaurant. The service was slow, despite my party being the only two there. We had to remind them twice to refill our water glasses and as the restaurant started to fill with patrons I felt like we got forgotten...I suspected it might have something to do with the fact that we didn't order as much as others...I hope that wasn't the case.All in all, I'm happy I tried it, but I think I would have been a happier camper with a different pie choice and more attentive service...3.5 starts. The venue is small in size, and make sure you make a reservation. I've never been elbowed so much during a meal. Though the flavor of the pizza was good, 3.5 stars, reduced due to the the small size of the pizza (slightly bigger than a normal personal pizza) compared to the price, the cramped space as you are constantly elbowed by the stranger sitting next to you at the high bar, limited options. I really think their pizzas are more like a flatbread. But props for unique flavor combinations. - penn cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thyme  17 - ok, but flavor is slightly off due to the clams.- yellowfoot chanterelles, truffle cheese  16 - very very good!!- coconut cream pie... love love love it. Ask the server for it since it's not on the menu but they can get it ffrom Lola's next door.I think I'll keep looking for a good gourmet pizza place.Their happy hour is pretty darn good.  $5 mini pies that are about 1/3rd the size of a normal pie.  Then there is the $3 beers.  I had the mushroom and truffle cheese, along with the clam mini pie.  They were both fabulous.  The mushrooms so earthy, the truffle cheese was the icing on the cake so to speak.  The clam mini pie was okay, perhaps not my favorite as I felt the cheese over-powered the clams, but it was good overall.It gets a star taken off as I couldnt get one more pie to go (from the happy hour menu).  Should have ordered it, and asked them to wrap it...Saw this place on one of the food channels and wanted to check it out.  So last year my bf and I went to Seattle for the Rock n Roll Seattle half marathon.  We came here for our prerace dinner and got to the restaurant around 6pm and the wait was about an hour long.  Finally when we were seated ,we ordered the buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato pizza and the chanterelle mushroom, truffle cheese pizza.  Both pizzas were really good, as well as the crust.Next time we're in Seattle we'll stop by again.  Hopefully the wait won't be as long.Seriously-this place is Spectacular! DELISH!!!! I am definitely making a pit stop here every time I am in town...If you come here, grab some friends so you can order a couple pizza's to share.. because you'll want to pick a couple pizzas to share.. We ordered 2 pizza's between the 4 of us and it was a good portion.. We ordered the wild boar sausage, caramelized onions, wood sorrel with spinach.. It was a perfect combo of spinach, onions and sausage...Loved that it was not too bready, it was just perfect and the flavors all went well together.  And we also ordered the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone.  The roasted peppers and jalapenos gave it a kick and it was a great dish..So ... I get the feeling this is some seriously well-regarded pizza when Yelpers are regularly throwing down four stars and the Top Chef folks happily endorse as well. And it was indeed some tasty pizza. We went with the peccorino/yukon gold potato/rosemary variety. Papa John's doesn't even sniff the same atmosphere as this pizza. I agree this was for sure some serious pie (is it just me that pictures the dude from Revenge of the Nerds saying that?). The crust -- oh man, that crispy, flaky crust -- and the sheer joy of sliced yukon golds was just so unbelievably good.But as good as it was, I can't say it was the BEST pizza I've ever had. Maybe it's the California in me, but I'm still a 1000 times more partial to San Francisco's Escape from New York. Perhaps it was also the fact that I had stuffed myself silly at Ezell's some four hours prior. I guess I expected to have my socks knocked off. And well, I had my Serious Pie and I can say my socks were still mostly on.Still, in spite of the rather minor shortcoming -- expecting a five-star pizza and only getting a four-star pizza -- I enjoyed it mightily and our Serious Pie was devoured in short order.As an aside, if you're the claustrophobic type, don't come here at night. Probably won't suit your tastes, as far as personal space goes. Just hit them up for takeout and enjoy within your own spacious confines.There is some serious hits here. There is a bit of a wait....but, who cares when you are about to partake in the brilliance of TD?I won't muddy this review by being too wordy. Just a few tid-bits...Chantrelle mushrooms, spicy Lamb sausage and sausage fennel pizzas. They are legit.  Have some Spire Cider and call it good.Basically everything that Ryan S. said (yelp.com/biz/serious-pie…). I just wanted to get my 5 stars in.In addition... it's small and intimate atmosphere (hence the potential for long waits). There are very few individual tables here. Most of the seating takes place along rows of long high-tops, so you should expect to cozy up next to some fellow diners (maybe you can exchange slices!). I also think they just renewed their liquor license, so you're good to go there.Also, if you end up in the waiting area, read through the books to get to know the owner, Tom Douglas."Now that's some serious pie!"  According to Savor Seattle tours this was Tom Douglas' thought upon naming the place.  Actually not so serious at all...more like surfer lingo!My hotel was down the street and I was craving something for dinner, but heard Serious Pie was popular and always crowded.  I also tried to have something from all of Douglas' restaurant.  And how can you not, they are all so close and all so dang good!  Solution:  call in your order!  I walked in and walked out with my Buffalo pizza with Buffalo mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes and went back to my room and basically devoured the whole thing.  Well, my friend had one or two slices...but I had the rest.  It was insanely good, simple, and I loved the oval shape of the pizza and the crust.On one left side of the pizza box it read "buffalo" and on the right side it said my name.  Needless to say, I was deemed "Buffalo" the rest of the trip by a good friend.  The nickname was pretty sufficient too, because after the Savor Seattle food tour the tone was set for Seattle and I basically ate my way through that city!The pizza was delicious.  Extremely delicious.Now that we have that settled.  I wish they had a bigger menu.  There are only a few items on their appetizers and they only sell a few different types of pizza.  I'd like a bigger menu with more options.They also charge you by the glass for a coke which is a little much considering that their pizza's are already really high priced.They still get 4 stars though, cause the pizza really is very delicious.So, after trying over and over to take a date here on the fly and leaving because it was so busy I decided to just get pizza on the takeout instead. I ordered the egg, Copa and Arugula pizza to go and got it within 10 minutes. It was a little pricey at $17 and very to devour for a man in 1 sitting. But,  anyways just the pizza! WOW! I am not a huge pizza fan but, this comes close to the top 10 things I have ever ate. The crust is thin crunchy enough but still a little soft with a great sweetness. The Arugula was flavored with some type of peppery oil and the copa was great. The Egg in the middle is awesome and weird. Very good! I can't wait to try the other options and maybe actually eat inside. There is actually a place in Spokane called the Flying Goat stealing this pizza on their menu and it is good. But, having the perfect original is great.I don't know who this Tom Douglas guy is, but he seems to own the Seattle dining scene.  I was in Seattle for a wedding, and my brother told me I had to go to Serious Pie -- "top 3 favorite pizza" he told me.  My brother and I don't always see eye to eye on things, but he did not lead me astray with his suggestion.Between four people, we had 3 pizzas and a bottle of wine -- no messing around with appetizers.  We had the fennel sausage pizza, the summer squash pizza, and the daily special, which was truffled cheese, peppers, and onions.  The fennel sausage was amazing, especially because the peppers on the pizza had a nice little kick to them, and the tomato sauce was great too.  I wasn't a huge fan of the other two pizzas -- the squash pizza had too much squash and not enough chevre cheese for me, while the truffled cheese was good, but the onions and peppers were lacking something.  However, the place gets a solid 4 stars because the crust was amazing!  Unlike a lot of the great pizza places in San Francisco, this crust was a little bit thicker, and had a real nice bite to it.  It was buttery, crispy outside, and still nice and soft inside. I love thin pizza, but there's nothing like a nice crust that you can't stop eating.  One of our friends at the table is an anti-crust person, and he ate all of his too.  I really enjoyed Serious Pie and look forward to eating there (and maybe some of Tom Douglas' other places) next time I'm in Seattle.Had to try it. I ate all day and was completely stuffed, but I had to squeeze in Serious Pie for my very last meal in Seattle. You got it. Had to try this crimini mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza. Love how the mushroom retained its texture, there was a nice bite to it in relation to the delicate flavors of the pizza. Thin and crispy. What a great pizza.And the serious root beer float... now that was some seriously delicious root beer. I'm seriousss!Service was great too.Seriously this pizza is S-E-R-I-O-U-S!!!!!!!We came in late night on a Sunday at 9:30 PM and they were busy!  Not busy that you couldn't find a seat, but pretty busy!  We sat down and ordered their famous pizza that we heard about: the mushrom and truffle cheese.  YUM!The pizza is tasty, fresh and delicious!  The cheese melted in your mouth, it was amazing and we are going back!I think this place would be better if I had not picked the special of the day - braised pork with delicata squash. It was mushy and lacked flavor.0 for 2, Tom Douglas. 0 for 2....One of the most popular pizza places in Seattle!The place is dark and you share this tall long wood tables with other diners.  The wait time is always about 45 minutes to an hour so get there early or before you get hungry. The pizzas were delicious.  Thin and crispy and fresh. Got the mushroom with the truffle sauce and ate the whole thing.  They are so thin that each person can definitely eat a whole one! So flavorful and zesty!   For a gourmet pizza, this is the place.  For a traditional pizza, you won't get it here.Serious pie is seriously good! I'm glad I found this place on our visit to seattle. we ordered the fennel sausage and the truffle pies and both are so delicious! According to people, the line can get crazy but sunday morning 11:30 am: there was no line!! so we just walked in and were seated. the pies arrived and i was happy. Thin crust! just what I like on my pizza :) This place is on the higher $$ range and comparable to ken's artisan pizza and apizza scholls in Portland in term of taste. Definitely recommend this place to try if you are in seattle.Not bad for Seattle. Pizzas are pretty good. It's a small place and always busy, they make it work. They are pretty known for the truffle pizza and the clam pizza, which is what I had. Pizzas taste great once it's out of the oven, but let it sit for an hour and you might just want to throw away your $18 pizza in the trash.Service was good. Got to have a try when you're visiting Seattle.This original Serious Pie location has a darker, cozy feel than the sunny loft-like feel that the new SLU location has, while both locations are frustratingly small. Staff was very friendly. Finally managed to make it in time for their 3-5pm weekday happy hour, featuring $6 mini-sized zas.Had the Penn Cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thyme. which had excellent flavorOne of my favorites remains the Yukon Gold potato, rosemary, & pecorino, which is as savory as it sounds.Despite the chanterelle mushroom and truffle pizza being a top-seller, it tastes rather one-dimensional and can get heavy after awhile. Would like to return to try the soft egg, spicy coppa,  tender mustard greens pie.Easily one of my favorite pizza joints to date! I wished we had something like this back here in the bay area. I came here once for dinner and again during their happy hour, which I highly recommend! Dinner time is just bananas. Pair a small and cozy spot that doesn't take reservations with a swarm of hungry people = bananas. I enjoyed HH a whole lot more because you walk right in with zero wait and get to enjoy delicious, cheap, made-to-order pizzas by the window. Only $6 for half a pizza!!! I'll have two please.Both times, I ordered the sweet fennel sausage pizza with no cheese. And they were an absolute delight to eat. Very thin, crunchy, fresh and warm. Pair that with a chilled apple cider with oranges and nutmeg and I'm set. Serious Pie is an absolute must visit when visiting Seattle. In the mean time, Pizza Antica at the Row will have to suffice, for now.We tried just about every pizza on the happy hour menu and they were all tasty.  My favorites were the sweet fennel sausage, roasted pepper and provolone and the roasted crimini mushrooms with truffle cheese.  TASTY!The yukon gold potato, rosemary with pecorino was OK, but you should definitely try out if you've never had pizza with potatoes on it.I wish there was good pizza like this in LA :,(If thin crusted pizza is what you like, than this is the place for you. I had three pizzas here and the best by far is the truffle. This is so amazing that no other pizza can compare to this. Personally I am deep dish kind of guy but after trying this it completely changed my mind. I've eaten pizza from Chicago and new york itself York and this is very comparable. The only thing I would say that was not as great was seating. I really wish they had a little more room and space. Waiting time can be frustrating, but it is definitely a place that you have to go and try.A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! My husband and I got lost on our way to dinner and stumbled upon Serious Pie. The best "stumble" we've ever made! The artisan pizza was beyond tasty. We enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella, tomato sauce & fresh basil pizza & the waitress perfectly paired it with two glasses of wine. From the dough to the sauce and the cheese, the pizza was heavenly. We wished we'd have found this place earlier in our trip! The ambiance was cozy, some of the tables family style (which we loved) and the cost was just right!Tom Douglas hit it out of the park again!One word. Winning!I don't think there's anything I can say that hasn't already been said... 1200+ reviews and a 4-star average means they're doing somthing right.Good pizza with good ingredients in very interesting combinations.  I didn't really know this about Seattle before but apparently some guu named Tom Douglas has taken over the Seattle scene! We were surprised to see his name pop up over and over again in our trip. This is definitely gourmet pizza using ingredients that you wouldn't find at your friendly neighborhood pizza hut and in a very unpretentious setting.  We went on a Sunday afternoon around 1:30 and there was absolutely no wait,  Being highly reviewed and talked about, I assumed there would be a long line but thankfully there wasn't.  I suppose being from SoCal, I just always expect a huge crowd at popular locations.I love the dining area here because there's an open window into the kitchen where we could see the dough being made in a separate room.  Apparently the room could be reserved for parties of 6-12 or used to host the local food tours.  I think more popular restaurants should have more private intimate dining areas such as this without being completely isolated from the main dining room or having to pay a fortune.The soft cooked duck egg pizza was my favorite.  The egg is extremely runny so when you pick up a slice the yolk runs onto the board.  This one was good but had an extreme amount of garlic on it.  I love runny egg and garlic and it's an interesting combination but the garlic was too intense in this one and I felt that more herby flavors and greens would've helped balance it.  I'm nitpickying, it was still very good and the most recommended.  We also ordered the clam pizza with pancetta, chilies, and limes.  There wasn't very much flavor outside the clams and chilies. In fact, this pizza just tasted spicy and not much else.  We also ordered this special containing oregano, garlic, and truffle oil.  This one was our least favorite as it didn't have as much flavor or interesting textures as the other ones.The most amazing part of the pizza is definitely the crust!  I don't think I enjoyed the toppings as much as I thought I would but the crust was amazing.  It was crispy on the outside but still delightfully fluffy on the inside.  Any topping on that crust would probably be delicious!  It wasn't the best pizza (although still really good)  I've ever had but it was definitely very interesting.Best pizza I've ever had in my life. The crust here is soooooo good. The ingredients are super fresh and tasty. We ordered the sausage and pepper pizza, and it was truly fantastic. I kind of wish they had pepperoni, but I'll get over it:)The place is nice inside - somewhat trendy, somewhat casual. The servers are very friendly and on the ball. Overall, this place rocks.Hype hype hype. When somewhere gets so much good publicity you have to wonder. Service was good, communal seating, pizza was ok  - unique but nothing special. Don't bring kids.I am sticking with cornutos for high end wood fire pizza(and their pizza is FREE during happy hour).If you like specialty pies, this is the place!  Not to mention the salads and desserts. I haven't met a Tom Douglas style I didn't love!Oh my god. Why didn't I come here last time I was in Seattle??? Serious Pie, where have you beeeeen all my life??? You're so amazing. I want one of your tee's. It'd be like free marketing! But I honestly don't think you need it. Ahh~ It was so amazing, I came here a 2nd time during my weekend trip and was EXTREMELY tempted to order to-go to bring with me on the plane.This is seriously some amazingly delicious artisan pizza, people!The first time we went, we had the plate of house cured meats with olives and roasted lobster mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza. HO MY GOD. That truffle cheese pizza is to die for. No lies. I'm salivating as I'm writing this. I must admit, for some reason I thought there was going to be lobster on this pizza (hadn't heard of lobster mushroom before) but no worries, it is deliciously scrumptious as is. The cheese is melted to perfection and you can just smell and taste the aromatic truffle... I would inhale that pizza to oblivion given the opportunity. I absolutely loved the texture of the lobster mushrooms! I've never had it before but it reminded me very much of oyster mushrooms (not the soggy ones but the firm ones). Every bite was so nice. Perfect separation of pizza into mouth!The house of cured meats was a bit random to me. There's the cured meat on the side (with chunks of peppercorn), a good serving of chicken pate (was it?) topped with capers (my fav!), slices of crispy buttery bread on the side, container of two different olives, and.. I can't remember if there was another part right now. The chicken pate was probably my favorite. I ended up dipping my pizza crust into that to finish it off, hah.The 2nd time we came to Serious Pie, we had the roasted garlic and braised pork belly, peach mostarda, arugula, and pistachios appetizer and the soft cooked duck eggs, garlic, coppa, and braised chard pizza. Oh ho ho ho. That braised pork belly.... devoured in NO TIME. It's a small serving of three pieces of oh gosh, it's really good. The peach mostarda was a really nice touch. Please get this if you like pork belly. :) The soft cooked duck eggs was a bit different. This pizza was messier and a little more difficult to eat than the truffle one since with one bite, you'd just end up eating the entire giant slice of coppa. But it's okay! The pizza is interesting. My bf liked it a lot. I still prefer the lobster mushroom, truffle cheese pizza more.Gosh. When can I come back???//editOH YEAH.TIP: Don't sit at the two-seater tables in the back near the toilet. Holy BAJEEZUS. We were sat down at the one right next to the bathroom and it stunk to high heaven of week old piss!!You see, I had completely forgot to mention this earlier because the godly delicious pizza totally overshadowed the stinking-pee memory but I DO remember it. So don't sit there. It reeked!Service was great. Waitress frequently checked up on us and refilled our waters.Food was good but not great. The four of us shared the pork belly salad starter. For four people, it was definitely not enough pork belly, as it came with 3 pieces, and about a small handful of salad. The portion was a little small but the pork belly was perfectly cooked. Reminded me of Cantonese roast pork with a thick layer of crispy skin, a layer of fat that melts in your mouth, followed by a succulent piece of pork. MMMM. Could have used a bit more greens to balance the fattiness of the pork belly though.As for the pizzas, we chose to share the cheese, lobster mushroom & truffle oil pizza and the duck egg pizza. I thought that the cheese on the mushroom pizza was a bit overwhelmingly, making the medium-thin crust pizza seem heavier than it is. The duck egg pizza was more coppa than duck egg and could have used more greens to balance the saltiness of the coppa. Both pizzas had quality toppings but I could not eat more than 4 slices because they were so rich in cheese or coppa. If rich pizza if your thing, Serious Pie is the place to go. Beware, the wait gets to be pretty long Saturday nights, we got an estimate of an hour and forty-five minutes when we arrived at 6pm.Wow ... Absolutely great pizza , one you can easily pay 18$ and get value for your money.As an amateur pizza maker and one who cannot stand cheap pizza places I can vote the this is one of the best pizza places in US.Go go go !!!!DAIRY QUEEN -  No DQ's in Seattle.  I read all the various comments, and have this totell folks who miss DQ  in SEATTLE:  I wrote to the corporate headquarters.  I told them that the University District would be ideal place for a DQ, why not have one there, the Ave is full ofgreasy spoons etc. a nice DQ would be improvement, etc.  They wrote a rather indifferent response that said that DQ is a franchise and only opensif someone comes alone and wants to start one, presumably with millions of their own cash.No wonder DQ is slowly fading from the American scene!  Anybody remember Thompson Freeze on Broadway?  Yum!  I agree with all the "soft=freeze"lovers - gosh, it was great, when it was great.I love the pizza and their new Happy Hour specials are awesome.  We are also huge fans of Serious Biscuit, which is open for brunch at their Westlake location. The biscuits and baked eggs are the perfect amount of food. So happy they are expanding.Incredible! Some of the best pizza that I've ever eaten. I read about this place in Food & Wine magazine and decided to eat here while on vacation in Seattle. It's a little pricey, but we ate during their happy hour which made things cheaper. It also gave us the chance to sample a few more varieties of the pizzas while with family. We waited for about 25 minutes and they called me when they had some seats. Highly recommended!Serious Pie has some of the best pizza around...great wood fired crust and lots of different toppings to choose from! I got clams on mine and loved it:-)Fantastic place, which has been consistedt through the years. My favorite of Tom Douglas' options, and a favorite and "easy" pizza haunt for those interested in innovative thin crush options.A must-visit if you are in Seattle for any duration of time. I cannot have enough of their  pizzas - the crust is unbelievably light and airy, and the toppings are just perfect. Kudos to them for having an equal balance of veggie & meat options. Try their Panna Cotta, and see if that does not keep you coming back for more.This place is delicious.  We waited about 45 minutes for a table but as soon as we sat down we had drinks and appetizers coming.  The service was fast and and the servers really nice.  The food seems pricey but a little goes a long way.  I would definitely go back.I was in Seattle for work and was staying at the Westin (few blocks from Serious Pie), so picked up a pizza from here to take back to my hotel room.  Had NO idea how awesome it was going to be until I got to my room. I got the buffalo mozzarella pie, simple but nonetheless SO tasty!  the BEST part was the crust.  It had some type of garlic flavoring brushed on it, i ended up licking my fingers after I was done.  Definitely suggest this place.  I heard it gets busy eating there, so just order a pie to go and go to the Westin Lobby and eat it there!I love how they make their own salamis and such. Really good pizza and fast service.Serious Pie, you are seriously delish. Located right outside of Downtown Seattle, this place was really easy to find. Too bad the address for this place isn't 314.  We stopped at Serious Pie on a Saturday evening and this place was busy. We ended up waiting 1.5 hours for a party of 6. You can leave your name and phone number and they call you back when your table is available. Well worth your wait. This place is pretty small. The dining area tables are shared  and at most can fit around 40 people in the main dining area and they have a Kitchen Table that can be reserved  with a $400 food and beverage minimum. A bit on the pricey side, so be sure you want to spend some dough for some wood fired pizzas.The Yukon gold potato was probably my least favorite pizza there. The clam pizza and  the mushroom pizza were amazing. Get a pitcher of beer and enjoy your company as you nosh on some pizzas. The Big E Root beer growler is also rich and malty and perfect for those of you who love you some good root beer!WOW. This place was amazing. I went for the first time with a large group, maybe 12 women? We had to have a reservation of course because the place is TINY. They sat us in their prep kitchen (not sure of the name) and it was really cool. With that large of a group, some servers can be a little rude but our guy (can't remember his name either, sorry) was super nice and knowledgable. He kept the table full of pizzas. They just kept coming! He even split the bill into 12 separate checks for us. The pizzas were amazing. So interesting and worth the price. I will absolutely go back there.The only Tom Douglas restaurant I ever get active cravings for, so far. I've only been here two or three times, but I think it's very well done, and, as downtown restaurants go, a reasonably fair deal.I came here once after starting dinner at Qube, a doomed, terribly cold-and-sterile feeling place which had better food than the menu descriptions suggested, but was so unpleasant to sit in that we moved on after some appetizers. Serious Pie was just the right thing to balance things out: it was warm and homey, if a little Teutonic. But since I was an exchange student in Germany for a fairly long time, communal tables in basement restaurants are strangely comforting.The truffled foraged mushroom pie was great, though a bit oily. It felt almost buttery, and not quite pizza like, but I'm ok with that. The more traditional tomato-basil was, more, well, traditional, and quite nice as well.I love, love, love cornmeal on the bottom of pizza crust. Not many places do it, but boy does it make a huge difference in how I feel about the pizza. If you haven't had it, DO TRY THIS AT HOME.In fact, save yourselves $16 and make 6 of your very own slices of thin crust cornmeal bottomed pizza. That's amore!The place is actually quite small so it is a bit hard to get seating once the place is packed.  Their foods are pricey compared to the portion they give, but the flavor of it definitely makes it worthwhile. You won't regret it!!The servers here are easy to talk to and they tend to engage on conversations with their customers.Spend over 100$ here trying out the various foods they have!!  We tried the peaches on toast to start off and the various pizzas (egg, potato, clam, sausage & peppers, and mushrooms).  Overall, I would recommend clam, at first I did not expect it to have much taste, but the taste of the clams really brings out the flavor in the pizza.They also sell desserts as well.  I would recommend coming early to find parking and to put their name down.The pizza was okay... but I'm not such a big pizza person that I shouldn't have paid $15 for a pizza I didn't really like anyhow.  I think I just had too high of expectations because so many people were hyping it up.  Okay fine... the pizza was fine, but the waitress could have cracked a smile every once in a while.I really love pizza. I dig unusual flavors and combinations so this place fit the bill. My husband had the one with clams and panchetta. I selected the salumi pie. Both were really quite delicious and filling! But not too filling to try the cannolli with huckleberries. The place is tiny--yes, but I personally find it charming. I only wish we had followed others' suggestions by having a pre dinner drink at Dahlia Lounge while we waited for our table!Great place for delicate pizza. Normally, the word delicate would be the antithesis of any word associated with pizza,  so what's a delicate pizza you ask?  It's a pie that has a light, thin, bubbly crust, topped with just a smattering of unique, flavorful ingredients.  The crust is delicious on its own, and it really allows the the flavor of the toppings to shine.  Three of us devoured five mini-pies during happy hour (3-5pm, m-f) We had the:-Yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino ($5) - surprisingly, this was my favorite.  The thinly sliced potato crisped up nicely in the oven and the seasonings were complimentary.-Penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme ($5) - second favorite, clams were great, great flavor-Roasted crimini mushrooms, truffle cheese ($5) - bummed that it's crimini mushrooms now, instead of yellowfoot chanterelles, and I would've liked more truffle flavor, it wasn't evident on every slice.-Buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato ($5) - most typical pizza flavor, but it was good.-Morels, nettle cream, parmesan ($5) - least favorite, if I had to choose one, but still tasty.We were starving and grumpy since we put off lunch until 3pm, to coincide with HH, but we left happy after having a delicious meal, definitely worth the wait.  Tables were easy to come by on a Thursday afternoon at 3pm.  Great Pizza.Great pizza with crispy crust and delicious toppings, but the wait is stupid long. 2 hours for a table of 5. If you're hungry and can't get a table, head down to Tommy Douglas' other place Palace Kitchen. Its a few blocks away. Yelp will lead the way.So what can I say it's GOOD stuff! unique gourmet toppings served in a unconventional way on pizza dough that will haunt your taste buds long after you've left the building... the street...the state... pretty much forever. (especially if you're like moi an out-of-towner)So this was literally my first "taste" of Seattle and let me tell you every single bite was savored, devoured repeated until 3 pies were consumed by 4 in no time. Fennel SausagePotato RosemaryClam Pizza (YES CLAMs on a pizza)ALL were great! But the Clam pizza won for most unique application of clams as a topping, and use of spice, this one had a nice kick to it.Fennel Sausage was tasty and familiar since it was the only pizza that we ordered that had marinara sauce on it.Potato Rosemary was generously salted and its flavor was a good "neutralizer" between the bites of clam and sausage.TWO days later!Tried the Lemon pizza and the truffle cheeseTruffle fell flat in comparison to the lemon pizza. But both were still tasty and were quickly devoured.My ONLY complaint(s):Would love to see some more meat toppings and also  wished the pizzas were larger for the price.However I would DEFINATELY recommend dining here, service was great! Our waiter even gave us helpful suggestions on where to go while in Seattle and was very accommodatingI already miss this place!Have only been once and I am not sure I will go back unless it is with a group of people.  Very busy, very loud and you share tables so that is why I am thinking it would be better if you're in a group.  Service is just ok and I think it's over priced for the little food you get.  Pizza is just ok - wouldn't rant and rave about it.  Overall I guess you could say that I am disappointed in this restaurant.My favorite pizza in seattle.  I have been to both locations and am never disappointed.  My favorite pizzza was a smoked pear, goat cheese, and honey one.  if you are able to, they have an amazing happy hour. the only thing that I could consider a downside is the beer selection.  a few craft offerings.I am serious about thin crust pizza, especially with gourmet toppings,  so I had to had to try it for the name alone and the fact that I am a fan of Tom D's other restaurants.  (got some yelps I need to get out for Etta's and Dahlia Lounge too).I liked the casual feel and the barstools are actually comfortable! Wine and beer only, works for me but those who want a cocktail might have to walk  down the street after they order. The organic greens were fantastic, dressed lightly. We shared 2 pizzas for 3 people and that was good.  No leftovers though. Tried the cherry bomb peppers and fenenl sausage and heirloom tomato and pesto pizzas. They both we good, I like the Heirloom pizza the best , the tomatoes were so flavorful, The crust was good but I still contend there is better , especially in San Francisco( A16 and Delfina).Mmmm...pizza.Okay, so I obviously have a thing for Tom Douglas restaurants.  I have not had a bad dish at a Tom Douglas restaurant and only one less-than-pleasant experience (and I've eaten at all of his restaurants multiple times).  I'm a fan, needless to say.Recently returned to Serious Pie to experience the mozzarella/tomato pizza and the elk sausage pizza.  The elk sausage was a new experience - not gamey but very rich and a little salty.  Not terrible but not something I'd probably seek out in the same way I seek out other loves.  Like Salumi.  But that's a different review.Split dessert - a chocolate/marsala/sabayon thing that I didn't really understand but that I wanted to drown in.  Mmmm...Major props for the freshness and the fact that they offer Mexican coca-cola.  I docked a star because while I understand the whole rotating menu thing, Salumi salami is ALWAYS in season and should therefore always have a pizza there.  :D  At least in my opinion.One of the most delicious pizza places I have ever been. I went on a Sunday and it was crowded but we got sat immediately. There were two of of so we we ordered two pizzas to share. The buffalo mozzarella and San Marzano Tomato was great, classic and fresh. I reveled in the pizza with Cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage. The crust really makes this pizza, It has the perfect amount of seasoning, and combination of softness and bite.Great atmosphere here and they servers were excellent. They had a free appetizer they were trying out on us which was also delicious- this I predict is one of many good things to come from Serious Pies.Tom Douglas groupie? I am not. Serious Pie fan? Yes I am! We had our first encounter with Serious Pie on a windy, cold weather Saturday in April. We were welcomed immediately with the aroma of herbs and break baking. The wait was thirty minutes and the host was happy to take our cell number and call when the table was ready. The estimate was spot on and we were seated at a two-top near the back in what must be the world's most comfortable bar stools. We sipped on an excellent bottle of red wine while we waited for one Penn Cove Clam pie and one Buffalo Mozzarella, on which they were happy to add the sausage.The pizzas were quite simply delicious. The crust was perfect, a just right balance of crispness and perfectly seasoned with a combination of herbs and salts. We had excellent service, not intrusive, but very attentive - often checking in on us without interrupting our conversation. We don't typically go out for pizza, but this not a typical pizza and we will be making Serious Pie a destination we add to our regular rotation. We did inquire about wheel-chair access, and I have to say that I don't think this place would be particularly friendly for patrons with wheels. The wheel chair entrance is in the middle of the small dining space and the tables are high. The host did say that the tables will lower, but seeing as they don't take reservations I can only imagine that there would be quite a bit of hassle and jostling to make it happen. The pizza might worth it, but it seems only fair to know what to expect.This was our second time to Serious Pie and this was the second time that it was seriously good.As it wasn't our first time at the restaurant place we knew how it worked:1) Put name on waiting list.2) Go to Dahlia Lounge for drinks and wait for the phone call that your table was ready.Twenty minutes, and a couple of pints of beer later, we were sitting at one of the communal tables figuring out what our we were going to order for the night. The wild boar sausage was fantastic, and the roasted mushrooms with truffle cheese pizza was just as outstanding. We had no problem devouring our meals which was a bit of a let down, as we were both looking forward to cold pizza the following morning. But I guess that's a good sign at a restaurant when you don't need a doggie bag at the end of the meal.The service was prompt and attentive, despite the somewhat chaotic nature of the place, and we were more then entertained with the conversations that were happening beside us at our table.If you want greasy pizza fast call Domino's. If you want great food with a slight wait period head to Serious Pie.Serious Pie = Seriously Delicious.  I forgot what its called but the Pizza with the Truffle oil and mushroom...YUM!!!I am just now realizing we ate the exact pizza that Tyler Florence proclaimed as the best pizza he's ever eaten!Damn, I wanted to be original out of the 800 some-odd people who reviewed this place...Anyway, between the two of us, we gorged on three pizzas: the sweet fennel sausage which really was the most generic of the three, the clam/panchetta pie had so much going for it, but the lemon thyme was really off-putting to me.  I love the ingredients, and I give them a lot of credit, but this just didn't work.  I got some grit too, which I can't stand. Lastly, I got the pie Tyler was talking about: the chanterelles with truffle cheese.  This was a serious pie and I enjoyed it even cold.  I'm glad to know I had it before seeing the episode and I picked it based on its merits.  I'm noticing Tom Douglas is the Jean Georges of Seattle, so I will have to branch out the next time I'm on PST.We came here for a late afternoon bite after spending several hours downtown. Since we were between meals, we split a single pizza: the mushroom/truffle.Generally, my wife and I agree on Yelp ratings, but this time we do not. I gave the pizza a three because I thought the crust was too crispy, and a little too rough (maybe too much corn meal?). My wife, on the other hand, gives the place four stars since she loved the slightly sweet flavor of the crust.We thought the toppings themselves were pretty good, though we both really like truffle flavoring and thought it wasn't present enough in this pizza, especially since "truffle" is in the name.When we have a disagreement, we err on the side of a lower rating, so three stars it is. It seems like this place might be a little bit overrated (not overly so).Awesome!! Seattle-based friend recommended this place to me and my husband. So good!  Had homemade blueberry soda, heirloom tomato salad, and fennel sausage pizza. Everything was to die for! Fresh and sustainable ingredients. And we loved sitting family-style too. It was great to chat with the other customers. The service was great too - friendly, fast but not rushed, and helpful. Will definitely be back on our next trip to Seattle. :)This place will rock your face.  Seriously.  We started with the brussels sprouts, pork belly and crouton appetizer.The best way to describe it is a hawaiian dish called kalua pig and cabbage.  That's exactly what it tasted like.  Hopefully whoever reads this review knows what that is :)  We tried three types of pizza:Cherry Bomb: I ended up following fellow yelper reviews by trying the Cherry bomb.  Totally awesome.  I loved the tangy tomato sauce and the spicy sausage.  Our server said that the sausage was not spicy, but I felt a little bit of heat when pairing the Cherry Bomb with my wine.Venison sausage, caramelized onions and Sardenga - The venison was tasty and the caramelized onions were a nice touch.Buffalo Mozzarella and San Marzana tomato - This was our server's and some people in my party's favorite.  They enjoyed the simpleness of the pizza and the loved the buffalo cheese.I love the crust of their pizza.  It's what makes or breaks a pizza for me.  The pizza comes on a thin crust pizza, but it's not too thin.  It was baked perfectly with a slightly crunch outside and fluffy, moist inside.  The inside of the restaurant was very small.  We had to wait over an hour on a Tuesday at dinner time.  The ambiance wasn't anything special with dim lights and chefs working on the pizza oven.  The service also isn't going to wow you either.  I asked our server about wine selections that paired well with our meal and I got a "everything is good" response.  Then again, you aren't coming to this place to be awestruck by atmosphere and service.   I've just added serious pie on my serious list of places to gorge myself  in Seattle.Yes, it's a bit pricey and the wood oven has a very strong woody smell (which I love BTW), so if you can't stomach either, it's probably not the place for you.  I'm OK with that, just don't go, you'll leave table space for me since the place always has a wait :) I go here every time I am in town.  The pizza is delicious, the wine list has a nice selection of affordable options as well as a few splurges, the salads are fresh and delicious, and the service is always good - even when there is a line out the door.  You may have to share your table, that's just the way the place is setup.  So be prepared for it.  It's never been a problem, everyone who goes there knows and you often meet some really cool people that way.So yes, pizzas are generally in the $15 range and serve 2 people.  You won't find greasy, cheap, cheese and pepperoni pies loaded with so much cheese you're in a come before you eat the second slice.  I'm from Chicago, I can appreciate a good deep dish pizza too.  This is NOT anything like the kind of pizza we get back home but that is why I love it.  Pizzas here often have things like artisan cheeses and meats, exotic mushrooms, and lots of aromatic herbs.  It's pricey, but this isn't Papa John's people.  And yes, I am from the Midwest.  Land of 8 pound pizzas loaded with 7.9 lbs of cheese that often cost upwards of $30.  Not all Midwesterners can't appreciate a good, gourmet, thin-crust pizza ;)Stopped by for their happy hour.Ordered the $5 small pies:yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino: salty, but not as salty as the 3rd onesweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone: liked this one the mostyellowfoot chanterelles, truffle cheese: a bit too salty, wish they would have piled on more of the mushrooms!Loved how thin and crisp the pies were!Tiny place, but for their pies, I don't mind squeezing in to sit next to a stranger. I'll be too busy indulging to notice them anyways.Serious(ly overrated) PieThis is easily the most pretentious little pizza place that I've been to yet. Very hip foodie scene. The pie itself was just typical of these kinds of places that all have these exotic, unusual toppings. Granted it is better than Papa J's but weren't you expecting it better than that? The service was slow and snobby. The whole experience was overpriced, as noted in other reviews.Seriously good for sure! I brought bunch of my Japanese friends - they all ABSOLUTELY LOVED everything they put in mouth.I think this place changes menu every season - we tried...Buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil - must have. Sauce. Zesty. Mmm! Everyone loved this, no exception.Penn Cove clam - Northwest pizza for sure!Yukon Gold potato - taste just like potato chips!Chanterelle mushroom and truffle - not memorable...Soft egg, spicy coppa - it's like breakfast burritoEggplant, special of the night - light and freshI will come back again for next chance - what I didn't like about this place is the wait time. You got to be ready for long wait. They won't have you put down names even until everyone of your party is present. So strict.Plus, maybe because the place is so busy and can't help it, the service was very automatic and businesslike. I didn't click with our waitstaff. It was very hard to get her attention when we needed something. She didn't have time to chat about wine or pizza that are special that day, and cut us short to move on to other table. Oh well, pizza was good.Serious Pie was the most expensive snack, I had in Seattle. And I only had one pie which I shared with my 2 traveling partners. We ordered one pie and a starter since we were on a "snack" hopping thorough out Downtown Seattle. We had the Sunchoke (it was an appetizer special) which was so new to my pallet I almost ate it all!and the  Margherita or Buffalo Mozzarella Pizza and it was quite delightful. Crunchy, saucy and covered in olive oil. It was a nice treatIt was a good snack for us.Let's set the record straight. I LOVE PIZZA!We came in on a Monday night after watching a movie and it was just beginning to fill up. We were seated in a far corner on a high table with matching stools.It's pretty cramped inside and it would have been easy to reach over and have a piece of our neighbor's pizza.That aside, they have a simple menu with a small selection of pizzas! Not your usual fare, regular topping pizza but a little more on the creative side. I'm just as happy with a meat feast so I don't necessarily need to be wowed by thinking what a great idea to pair these toppings together etc.I went for the popular sausage pizza which was very tasty. A little salty, but a good amount of sauce and taste in each bite. The crust was cooked very well and I'm so so on thin crust but this place and Grimaldi's in Brooklyn are slowly making me question this.The clam pizza wasn't very good though, there were plenty of clams but the taste just wasn't there. There was no attack on the senses and after the sausage pizza was a bit of a let down for me. Still I can't fault a pizza place!!!They had an unusual apple cider vinegar fizzy drink which actually was very refreshing and complemented my pizza well.It isn't cheap here by any stretch, probably due to location and touting itself as a fancy pizza place. It's not bad and if restaurant was down to me alone then we would be back.....What a delicious wonderful change of pace for a pizza joint! It is not your typical greasy pan pizza type of pie found at many pizza chains. So unless someone is going in with those expectations and cravings I can't imagine why anyone would not salivate while the unexpected flavors such as the clam with pancetta, or roasted mushrooms and truffle cheese sets off fireworks in your mouth. The pies remind me a lot of having your own delicious flat bread type of appetizer that you have no intention of sharing with anyone else.  (Ask for the summer squash version that is no longer on the menu! They might look at you funny but I am hoping eventually they will bring that one back, it was SOOO scrumptious!)I'm sure that people have said this before but Serious Pie is seriously good!My friend and I came here for happy hour since drafts are $3 and all of the pizzas in smaller formats than usual are a mere $5 which is great for a Tom Douglas restaurant.We tried the Yukon Gold Potato pizza, the Penn Cove clam pizza, and the regular margherita pizza. First of all, the crust on all these pizzas is awesome. They drizzle a little olive oil and maybe a little cheese or something on it and it really is great. The pizza itself is not your normal style of pizza but it doesn't really matter since it tastes so good. The margherita pizza is really nothing special but the potato and clam pizzas were great. I really enjoyed the clam in particular because I have a salt fetish when it comes to my food and this filled my need for salty goodness.I liked the idea of coming in for happy hour. It was affordable and they have great portion sizes. I can't wait to visit again!I just went to Serious Pie for the happy hour and it is a really good deal.  5 dollars for mini pizza (the minis are a little bigger than half the size of their  regular size) works for me. The happy hour is from 3 - 5pm which seems a little odd.  I feel like most happy hours at least give a small chance to people who get off of work at 5.  Well, since I work irregular hours I get to take advantage.  So, why am I docking a star from my original review if the happy hour was a deal?  Because the mini pizzas allowed me to try all of the options they have available and many of them were not good enough for 5 stars.  I had previously been here and had the Yukon gold potato pizza and the guanciale, soft egg and arugula pizza.  Those were still incredible on this recent visit.  However, I had thought that all of the pizzas would be as good and they were not. The chanterelle mushroom pizza was the biggest disappointment for me since I love chanterelles.  This pie was only, "pretty good". I thought the sausage and cherry-bomb pepper pizza was better but still not what I would describe as a really good pizza. The house salumi pizza was very good and the clam pizza was very very good but that only gets you a 4 star review.  Go to Serious Pie and get the yukon gold pizza and the guaciale, soft eggs, arugula pizza and you will not be disappointed at all.Holy sh*t- Serious Pie easily has some of the best pizzas I've ever had. I had a super cheap meal there thanks to their happy hour prices where I had two mini pizzas for $5 each. I got the yukon gold potato one since that's the one I remember seeing on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate, that tasted AMAZING (it wasn't heavy and the potatoes were slightly crispy at the edges and the cheese bits on top were just right) and the very nice and cute waiter suggested I order the pizza with chanterelle mushroms and that was also really delicious. Those pizzas paired with their house beer was my perfect dinner in Seattle. I wished I was able to eat their the following evening but this place gets packed so fast since it's so small in there. I wish there was a Serious Pie in LA!Serious Pie has a home run pizza crust. The cherry bomb and fennel sausage pizza was my pleasure. I started with asparagus. The asparagus was cold, and it was alright; the eight dollar price tag was not quite justified.But back to the all star, hands-down winning offering - the pizza crust. The crust on the pizza was just so buttery and yummy. I couldn't help but finish a whole pizza by myself. It probably wouldn't matter which toppings were on the delish crust.Mexican Coca-Cola was accompanied by a water glass that never went empty thanks to the attention paid by the waitstaff. It's too bad they don't offer a full range of Coca-Cola products, but the pizza makes up for it. The wait staff was very helpful and attentive.A little cozy, but as long as you don't end up beside some loudmouthed east coasters who spew words that mean nothing, ya can't complain.I hope to visit Serious Pie again!A few days ago, a very kind friend of mine took me here for a belated birthday celebration.  I've been here a few times before, and really, this experience was no different from any of the others.  For the record, that is a very good thing.We started with a couple Manny's (beer of choice with pizza!) and settled on trying three of the pizzas.  Since he'd never been here before, and couldn't make up his mind, so we decided to go for three and take home extras.  A fine choice!  What we ordered:1) Buffalo mozzarella and San Marzano tomato pizza.  Yum.  So simple, but so completely satisfying.  Delicious from the first bite to the last.2) Yukon gold potato, rosemary and pecorino.  I always struggle with the idea of potatoes on pizza, and this pizza always convinces me I'm an idiot for doubting.  It's sooo good.3) Morels, nettle cream and parmesan.  Honestly, I think parmesan could make a stick taste good, so I was happy enough with this.  First time having any interaction with a nettle that didn't involve an irritating and slightly painful sting, so that was kind of cool.We saved enough room for dessert and tried the apricot torte (yum!) and the vanilla panna cotta (I'm not such a panna cotta fan, but it had nice flavors).The only thing that holds me back from tossing out the full 5 is that as much as I love Serious Pie, it's still only my 3rd or 4th favorite pizza place in Seattle.  But after my number one (Flying Squirrel), it's a close jumble!Okay, let's get serious.  There's no pie here.  At least not in my SoCal lingo.  When I think pie, I think good ol' Apple pie with a scoop of ice cream.  A pie is a dessert, no matter what anyone else says.  That being established - I STILL wasn't disappointed when I walked out of this restaurant.  They know their pizza, and they do it right.The toppings were a bit scant for my girlfriend's liking, but it was exactly the way I liked it - seems more authentic that way, when everything's not stamped on in exact proportions.  If I want every slice to have the same number of mushrooms, I could go to pizza hut...if I want something that tastes good, I'll go with Serious Pie.80% chance I'm not going back. My friend is keep pushing us to try this place so there we go.LIKES:1. The penn cove clams pizza is really good.2. The straccali chianti wine (their cheapest wine - price wise) is also good.3.  I'm not really into communal tables but the couple who sat beside us are smoking hot so we were fine. Otherwise, I like it more private.DISLIKES:1. We were told to wait 45 minutes to 1 hour. We were seated after 1 hour and 30 minutes.2. We were a group of 4 and I asked lady why we have no seats yet after 1 hour. She told us that it's tough to get seats for bigger groups (in our case is a group of 4) so she apologized that we have to wait longer. But logically.... how they can they seat a group of 4 if they keep prioritizing couples????? Do the math??3. I was expecting something like a complimentary appetizer after we were seated. We waited 1 hour and 30 minutes after all (instead of 1 hour). Fine.4. Waiting area is a chaos.5. Overrated. There I said it.6. Overpriced. Good pizza. But 17 dollar pizza?Serious Pie does serve up a Serious Pie. A few serious pies, in fact. A seasonal selection that I'm figuring changes rather often.It's a quaint little basement sort of place with bench seating, six to a bench. It's really a pretty small place, and I'm assuming demand gets the best of them at night. You can get a bit cozy with your benchmates, or you can just ignore them. Either way, there's a lot of serious pie that's gonna be dropped on your table.The options are varied and interesting, thankfully, the waitstaff is very knowledgeable, and an inquiry of "What should we get?" is promptly and expertly answered. We tried a chantarelles and truffle cheese pizza, one with fennel sausage on a tomato based sauce, and another, the special of the day with house cured salami.When the pizzas come out, three is plenty to feel all four of us seated in my party. The chantarelles were strong and very mushroomy for the mushroom lovers. The salumi was pretty good, but got lost in some of the weight of the cheese and crust. The fennel sausage was likely my favorite, with the tomato brining a good balance.The crust on be pies was hot, chewy, and substantial, which may be why these weren't my favorite pizzas I've ever had. I prefer my crusts thinner, and the pizzas were really quite heavy of a meal.They do have Mexican coke. By the way.Why so serious?  Serious Pie put a big smile on my face.  Came here with a group of 7 people which was a bit unfortunate at first as half the tables at the restaurant only seat 6.  So we had to wait a bit for a group of 2 people sitting at a table for 8 to leave before we could get seated.  We ordered 5 pizzas and 4 of them were fantastic.  The one that disappointed was the Clam Pizza.  I would think in Seattle you could get some fresh clams on daily basis but these were a bit fishy/old tasting.  But the other 4 Pizza's made up for it.  My favorite would have to be the Truffle cheese & mushroom pie.  The flavors on that pizza were just out of this world and I couldn't get enough.  The sweet fennel sausage and roasted peppers was my 2nd favorite.  It was a classic taste kicked up a notch.The price at serious pie negates it from being a regular weekly stop for most but still a great slice if your in town for a visit.I think this place may move up to 5 stars upon further visits. I've only been there once so far. We had tried to go months ago but the wait was too long, what was nice is that we went next door to Dahlia Lounge and they managed to sneak us in with no wait on a Saturday night. Since they don't take reservations we went at 9:30 on a Sunday to guarantee no wait and we had the right time, got seated right away.When you walk in you are greeted by their giant pizza oven adorned with giant boulder-like rocks that make it look like they are cooking pizza in a mountain. The host was very friendly and took us to our table which was semi-communal but they weren't cramming people in like sardines so that wasn't a problem.The menu is very seasonal so these items may not be available when you go. There is a lot of stuff with only Italian names but they are happy to explain them to you and seemed to expect to have to do so. For example when we were ordering dessert I asked "Can you tell me what....." and she said "the budino?" before I could even finish so I imagine the Italian word for pudding is not common knowledge in Seattle.Fava bean puree crostini: Fabulous. Very thin toasty bread with parmesan shavings, smoked pancetta crumbles, and seasoned pureed fava beans.Yukon gold, rosemary, and pecorino pizza:  The crust is to die for. Extremely light and crunchy without being crackery. Little bits of charred without tasting like charcoal. The corners had just the right amount of chewiness. The toppings were great and there were some perfect bites but I think this pizza would benefit from some sauce as some bites seemed dry. Chocolate budino: Chocolate hazelnut pudding with sea salt. Holy crap this was good. Imagine a Theo hazelnut crunch bar (my favorite) blended up into a pudding.Cannoli: The shells were perfectly crispy and not too dense. The filling was not the usual dense chunks of ricotta in your average cannoli, it had the right ricotta flavor while being almost fluffy. The little bites of apricot were a great addition.The pizzas are supposedly single serving size but are generously portioned if that is the case. If I had not shared the pizza we could not have had dessert or an appetizer. I would recommend ordering a couple of apps and a pizza, or an app a pizza and dessert. We had an appetizer, a pizza, two desserts, and a few drinks. Our bill for 2 was $70.We will definitely be back, we would be back more often if they took reservations. If I lived near by I would come for take out every night.Management treated us to some artisan pizza this past week- and the pizza was delicious! My previous pizza experience has been with Domino's and Costco so it doesn't take much to impress me. It is definitely not the type of pizza you want to bring to a football game ...house party (what are those called...), since the serving sizes are pretty small and they are pretty pricey. I could probably eat a pizza and a half on my own, easily. My fav was the spicy italian sausage pizza- the sausage was yummmm and the crust was thin and peppery. When I feel like splurging (rare), I shall stop by and treat myself to a slice.Pricey? Yes. But it's SO worth it! I've been here a few times now and every single time, my mind is just blown.This has to be my favorite Tom Douglas restaurant (well, so far anyway. I haven't been to all his restaurants). There's always a wait but, again, worth it. Just order some wine or beer and mingle with other patrons who are waiting in their small waiting area and you'll be fine. It might be good to note though that it's a really small place... I wouldn't recommend it as a date place especially because at times, they'll seat you at a shared table with other people. And it can get pretty loud. But that's never been a problem for me because every single time I've gone, there is nothing but silence after the food arrives because all my friends and I ever do is eat.Loved it, definitely lives up to its reputation.  Wood fired, super fresh, and delicious.  I went for happy hour were the pizzas are $6 for a personal pizza, you can't beat that.  I tried the sweet fennel sausage, with roasted peppers, and provolone.  The sausage is almost meatball sized, but I didn't care, it was great.  The sweetness from the roasted red peppers balanced superbly with the heat from the sausage.  I'll definitely order this again.  I also had the roasted seasonal mushrooms with truffle cheese, because it was only $6.  This was great as well.  Serious Pie makes seriously good pizza!Man oh man what can I say that has not already been said! Don't get your usual pizza order be adventures and get something different! YOU will not be DISAPPOINTED! We ordered 2 different pizzas for 3 of us and all the pizzas where devoured! The crust is awesome! A real what I would call boutique pizza not your typical pizza parlor pizza!Seriously delicious. One of my favorite spots in the city.A great place for a tasty,fulfilling, and delicious pizza. The staff is friendly,efficient, and very accommodating. We had one of the most delicious pizza ever, that will make a lasting impression for awhile. While we where there , people continue to be waiting at the door to fill this small place of counter tables , and now I can see why. The pizza is some what pricey, but adequate in portions for diners . If you really  appreciate "good" pizza, give this place a try...It's good... I know everyone loves the pizza with thinly sliced potatoes on it, but I'm not sure I get it what all the hoopla is about. I'd go to Via Tribunali, or Viracci, or Tutta Bella first.Serious Pie serves some of the best pizza in the city, hands down.  Their eclectic selection of ingredients and combinations is second to none.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting; smaller groups may have to share tables with other patrons, but the crowd is generally on the hip and friendly side, as is the staff.Their only downfall is that although the dining area is small and cozy, it gets packed very quickly.  On a Friday or Saturday night, you may have to wait an hour to get seated.Sometime comparing different types of pizza is like comparing apples to oranges or vegetarian restaurants to steakhouses.Serious pie offers up the best gourmet style wood fired pizza I've ever had!  Tom Douglas doesn't claim to be serving a Neapolitan style wood fired pizza a la Via Tribunali, but rather Douglas has and his chefs have created wood fired pizzas that utilize a wide range of fresh and local ingredients.My beef with Neapolitan snobbery is that sometimes I like a little more on my pizza than the obligatory mozzarella, basil, and fill in the blank.  Mrs. T and I shared the special (prosciutto, red onion, and fresh herbs) and a clam, thyme and pancetta.  The clam pizza was was like "dipping pizza crust into the perfect bowl of clam chowder minus the heavy cream"The dough was perfect!  A little crunch an the outside and chewy on the inside.  Each pizza had the perfect balance of ingredients, not too much cheese and the sauce was nearly nonexistent as to not take away from your toppings.We went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and there was no wait for 2.  The atmosphere was nice and casual and their house Chianti was a nice finish for an extra $10 for a small carafe for 2.I heard about this place from the Food Network and decided to go try is since I was in town for a couple of days. There is a long wait, so be ready to hang outside for at least 45 min before sitting because the seating area is not that big. Since there is not that many seats and tables...they make you share a table with another party. At first this was weird because you have no privacey and basically being nosey because you can't help but listen into what your neighbors are talking about. Luckily the party we sat next to were really nice and didn't mind me butting into their conversation once in a while when it was going good.Now the food....the pizza looks big, but it's a personal pizza. The dough is really different and it actually makes the pizza hella good! The food there was delicious even though the menu wasn't too big. Have you ever heard of it tastes soooooooooo good but it hurts sooooooooooooo bad!! well this is the place! The pizza was good, but when I got back to the hotel...lets just say I am still paying for the food I ate here to the porcelin goddess....Considering I had no preconceptions about Serious Pie, I'm pleased with my random afternoon choice. My boyfriend and I are moving downtown, and I thought it would be good to try Serious Pie as it is only a few blocks from our new place. I picked it out on the basis of the gourmet flatbread pizza concept. The last time I had awesome gourmet flatbread pizza was at American Flatbread in Waitsfield, Vermont, which you'll agree is a LEETLE far to drive from Seattle. So I'm pleased that Serious Pie makes a more-than-adequate substitute.My boyfriend and I had a local melon and prosciutto appetiser and followed it up with the rosemary and potato pizza. The thin crust was delicious and nicely chewy without being either doughy or too cracker-like.  We didn't have any problems getting seated, but we came at a rather odd time in restaurant hours--well after the lunch crowd, and a bit before the dinner crowd. Our service was generally prompt, and my water glass was kept full. I'd like to give this five stars, but I did find the close seating a little tight and socially claustrophobic. And while it was a warm day, the air conditioning and air flow wasn't working as well as one would hope. The food was excellent, and the restaurant was generally good.The restaurant itself was small, yet quaint. I can imagine there be a long wait on weekend evenings. Luckily I dined there for lunch on a weekday. The service was great and our waiter was nice. After reading the reviews on here and checking out the pictures we decided to order the cherry bomb peppers w/ sweet fennel sausage w/ a pitcher of the pilsner. The pizza was great! The crust was my favorite part! Very well-balanced, nothing overpowering. Most pizza joints out there go heavy on the tomato sauce. Not this place. I would choose this place over any top pizza chain any day of the week. I look forward to coming back to try other pies! 4 Stars for Chef Tom Douglas!Establishment #4 of the trip...really good pizza.... really good ingredients with flavors that compliment.so they have this happy hour thing of little mini pies for $5 from 3-5PM, which, frankly, other places that are not fast food joints that have more than 2 or 3 different types of pies should all do.  I sat down and ordered up 4 different ones as a sampler... wasn't allowed to take them to go..  (lame)... and they were all quite good.Wish there were a place like this in the bay area...  I guess we get different types instead.... either way, it was really good and I'd go back.Seriously good. I kept wanting to go back for a second time during out 5 day stay but never got around to it. I actually enjoyed the community seating, and they used a hook on high chair seat so our baby was right at the table with everyone. All we got was pizza-- no salads or dessert, but it was great and our waitress was nice and didn't act annoyed that we didn't order more. My only wish was that they have soda on tap-- I don't like paying for a single  bottle of soda.Yummmm .......We went here yesterday for a Marketing Lunch (heck yes, I'm in marketing again!). I've only been here once before, but this time I got to try three pizzas, and a salad, all which were delicious. We didn't have to wait for a table (which was nice considering it was right around noon). We ordered the Yukon Gold pizza, the squash pizza, and the chantrelles pizza. All were quite delicious, but the chantrelles was my favorite. We ordered the squash pizza when we realized two wasn't enough, and when that one arrived, it was a lot warmer, and the crust a lot crispier than the others. The salad was good, too, but obviously not as good as the pizza, as I can't even remember what was in it. I really would like to come here for Happy Hour for $5 pizzas. If they are this delicious, how can I resist? Have I said delicious enough? I'm not sure. Only downsides - it's a pretty small restaurant so seating is tight and you may have to wait. And I wish I could afford Tom Douglas pizza more often, but I can't.Review from a food tourWow! Wow!! Wow!!!I got to sample the margherita and mushroom with truffle cheese. The former was good as in alright with a very fresh tomato sauce. Nothing stood out.The latter...  truffle-flavored orgasm in my mouth! The crust was thin, doughy, woodsy but not like bubbly crusty if that makes any sense. Our guide said they use applewood. The mushrooms were the right size for the oblong pizza. Unfortunately I forgot what kind they were. THE CHEESE. The cheese. What else is there to say, but it was truffle cheese. Don't tell anyone but I was too busy trying to hold myself up with my eyes rolled back in my head that I wasn't really listening to what/how exactly this cheese is/was made. I wish I could mix it with wax and make it into a chapstick. My dining partner hates mushrooms, and he said this was the best, and he thoroughly enjoyed it. I am very distraught that we were in a different part of town and had to rush to our eventually delayed flight so I couldn't get a whole pie to take back to LA.Kind of a small, but I'm sure fantastic menu. Takes no reservations. No delivery unless you're staying at the nearby hotel. I saw people in the window having just a salad. Are you crazy?! Or maybe their salads are just as scrumptious. I thought it funny there was another Tom Douglas place on the opposite corner. FYI Tyler Florence's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" says the tour guide.I've been wanting to come here for a long time, since a lot of friends rave about Serious Pie. My thoughts: another Tom Douglas restaurant? Happy Hour review only:Ordered 3 pizza's. Small, and burnt to a blackened crisp. Not a fan, but I'll be back for their regular pizza to give it another shot.Whenever I visit a new city, I always judge the local food scene based on their pizza. If a city doesn't have a gourmet pizza joint (i.e. Denver) then you know all you need to know about the city. Why do I do this? Because pizza is one of those things that are simple yet not at the same time. You can judge how much they care about their pizza by how fresh and ripe their ingredients are. You can't fake it. And you definitely can't fake a good pizza crust. Ladies and gentlemen, Serious Pie is indeed serious and gives a great glimpse into the Seattle food scene. Martino Biscardo Ripasso - great wineThomas Brown Figs, Rossini Blue Cheese, ProsciuttoPenn Cove ClamsBuffalo Margherita There's just something about their dough that makes a perfect crust. Wasn't soggy. The toppings were made with fresh and tasty ingredients... AND... it was perfectly seasoned. Their tomato sauce, made with San Marzano tomatoes (the only way to go) was flavorful but balanced. Hands down, one of my favorite pizza joints on the west coast.Tom Douglas' little place for pizza.Came here on a Sunday night around 7:30... it was a full house and had to wait about 40 mins.  First impression: a very sophisticated pizza joint with no loud sports TV sound or overwhelming kids noise.  I can see this would be a good place for a causal date night with your hubby :)  I like the fact that they have communal tables, intimate and dark enough for sweet talks.... but if you need a little more excitement, you can always start conversation with the stranger sitting next to you.  My type of place.  You have the choice to mingle or not mingle :DSmall menu, not a lot to choose from but we also don't have enough people to order one of each, tough decision! haha :P  We end up with Penn Cove Clam, Salumi & caramelized onion, and yellowfoot mushroom.  My favorite was the Penn Cove Clam - made with pancetta... packed with tons of flavor, a little on the saltier side.  Next runner up is the yellowfoot mushroom - lighter pizza with delicious truffle cheese.  A little disappointed at the salami & caramelized onion pizza, the cheese is a little over powering for me.  Overall not very oily with just the right amount of topping vs. crust.  I wonder how often they change their menu?Our favorite part - thin crust, the dough is crispy outside but soft in the middle.  A little pricey but we will probably come back to try more because.... "cherry bomb peppers with sweet fennel sausage" is calling my name!!! And pizza happy hour?! gotta come back to check it out sometimes.While I appreciated the cozy atmosphere and great service, the pies just weren't that great. I didn't even really mind the hour wait or the table full of strangers, it's the fact that the pies were under-dressed, over-salted, and over-hyped. We started by ordering the two salads, one with mixed greens and one with miner's lettuce. Both salads were okay, but certainly not worth $8/each. The miner's lettuce salad was over-dressed in what tasted like coleslaw dressing and the baby lettuce salad relied heavily on cucumbers and underwhelming grated cheese.The cherry-bomb and sausage pizza was good, but not great. The sauce tasted like frozen pizza and the toppings were too scantily distributed. The second pie, the salumi, was wicked salty and the crust was burned. Was it good food? Yes. Did we eat everything? Absolutely. And I love a place where you're offered a drink while you wait. The service was excellent: warm and friendly.  It cost about $90 with tip for two salads, two pies, one beer, and three glasses of wine.  Not obscene, but certainly about $30 more than the experience warranted. The best flatbread ever, hands down, is still American Flatbread in Burlington, VT. I'm a Tom Douglas fan but this was simply a disappointment. 4 Stars for Service and Atmosphere2 Stars for Food= 3 overallStraight forward pizza with no crap on the side. I did a last minute trip to Seattle, so my cousin took me to all her favorite places, one being Serious Pie, owned by Tom Douglas. We came here for lunch because the wait was too long the night before. We ordered the mushrooms with truffle cheese. The mushrooms were cooked well and although the truffle was only in the cheese, it was still very potent and aromatic. The pizza was drizzled with raw olive oil, which I thought was little too much, but nothing a napkin couldn't handle. The crust was delicious and had the crunchy wood oven taste. Everything was simply amazing and I will come back and try the other pizzas.Serious Pie is has such a great warm friendly atmosphere! The penn cove clams with house pancetta and lemon thyme pizza were very flavorful and delicious. The bountiful clams and the pancetta flavors were superb. The cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage sounded different but tasted just like a good sausage pizza with peppers. The oval shaped pizza portions may look big, but each person should order their own pizza the flat bread pizzas are less filling than normal pizzas.Be prepared to wait for seating but I love how you can put your name on a list for seats, leave your number and when your table is ready they'll call you on your cell phone.  Near the entrance of the restaurant, you will see the pizza oven and people making unique artisanal pizzas which was interesting. Instead of having individual tables, guests sit with other people at long rectangular tables, allowing for friendly conversations with random diners sitting near you.WOW......it is serious DELICIOUS pizza that I've ever had! It is very different from the other pizzas I have tasted. Thin, crisp crust and interesting toppings......JUST SERIOUS DELICIOUS ! The place is very small. We went there on a Thursday's night around 7:00pm and the restaurant was already crowded. The environment is cozy and romantic but NOT when you sit in communal tables. The menu was very simple and does not have the typical pizza toppings. We started with a watermelon with ricotta salada and mint ($8) and ordered the chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese ($16). The watermelon appetizer was so amazing. Very refreshing and interesting . The watermelon was so sweet and it was perfect when it mixed with cheese and mint! The pizza was also GREAT! The crust is like flatter bread. No tomato sauce at all but great flavors.........If you are very hungry, I think one person can finish eating the whole pizza because the pizza is kinda small. Serious Pie definitely was my highlight of my Seattle trip!Nice pizzas.  Could use a bit more sauce for me.  A lot of crust.  Don't get me wrong, I like crust, but it was a lot.  Found it interesting that they only have seven types to choose from, plus one special, for a total of 8!Small, love the shared seating as long as you sit next to people that like to talk to you, if they ignore you, then it's kinda weird.Seriously damn good. Too bad the place isn't that big. But that's okay, even you order it to go it still that seriously damn good.Gf and I ordered sweet fennel sausage and roasted peppers pizza. The meat, the dough, the pepper, the cheese (provolone btw), and everything combined together = heaven. No seriously. It's heaven. For those of you people who love to eat your pizza with ketchup, believe me, even without ketchup.. this pizza just that seriously tasty.Just do yourself a favor. Go take your time and check the pic of this fennel sausage pizza on yelp. Molly T took a picture of it. Now tell me if you're not drooling yet.The staff was very friendly.This place always packed. So if you don't mind waiting for 10 to 20 mins, then I highly suggested that you dine in. Pizza with wine? What can go wrong with that?Serious Pie made my Seattle trip... i would like to thank my friend, Andy K. for recommending this place because it was so good!  so good that it was soooo packed!  definitely need to call in for a reservation but if you're really hungry... order it to go and eat it outside the restaurant like i did!  it was amazing!  haha!  so fresh and delicious esp after watching the pizza guys handle it with lovei would recommend the cherry bomb pepper and fennel sausage pizza.  i also ordered the mushroom with truffle cheese but if i had to choose one.. definitely the sausagei wish i could have tried their appetizer because i heard that those were pretty bomb too!  darnit! next time!and yes... it is the best pizza in town!ARE YOU SERIOUS...not your typical dominos or pizza hut, but dont say that out loud there...cause i dont think you can put them on the same category....serious pie is serious about there pizza....i went there for the first time...and all i can say is YOU SERIOUS...delish, i had the fennel sausage and peppers, yummy...from the first bite to the last, and my last was the next day cause i couldnt finish it...service was good, and i like how you can see into the kitchen, placing the pizzas into there wood fire stove...LEGIT...luckily my friend and i only had to wait 5 mins, even tho i was expecting longer from wat i heard...so even better cause i was excited to try this spot...so if your SERIOUS for some awsomeness pizza...give it a try...i wasnt dissappointed....mos def will be back...The name says it all ... serious pie! Tom Douglas is not messing around when it comes to pizza! The pizza here has high quality ingredients and yummy dough! The place fills up quickly and seating is limited.  There are rows of semi communal tables and you pretty much have to make friends while you're there cause you'll be eating your meal in close quarters.  The pizza dough here is not thin NY style pizza, it's a doughier consistency.  However, the dough doesn't have enough chewiness and I would prefer a little more air in my dough.  If you've had pizzeria mozza in LA, I'd prefer the dough here because of the chewiness, but switching it up is always good! This is a Seattle must try in my book!Yes please! We came with a group of 6 and got to try all the pizzas... they were all amazing! Who would've thought that such unique ingredients, things you'd never think to put on pizza, would taste that GOOD! Don't fret if it seems unfamiliar, it's supposed to because you're trying something new! Service was great too, prompt, friendly and helpful at answering questions about wine & pizza.  When we're back in Seattle, first stop... Serious Pie!For a gourmet pizza place, this place is fantastic.  Great meats, excellent sauce, and a descent selection of micro brews and fine wines.  So if you are looking for an upscale place to grab a little pizza, this is it.  The prices are fair and the location is spot on in Belltown.  The only reason these guys didn't get 5 stars is because all they serve is thin crust.  It's probably much more healthy, but being a huge fan of Chicago Deep Dish Pizza, I wanted the option of getting something a bit more filling.  All in all I'd highly recommend going here.  Cool dim lit atmosphere, wood fired pizza oven, European style shared seating, and plenty of eye candy.Delicious pizzas!Had to wait 45 min to be seated in a cramped table with others but it's  worth the wait! (Noticed that it's the people that are dining with wine that were holding up everybody else. They were done with dinner but kept on chatting...must've been the wine).We ordered 2 pizza, 1 mexican Coke, local beer, and canolis for dessert.1. Sausage and fennel pizza: Awesome... The pizza crust is pretty good.2. Margherita pizza: Good something about the ratio of the cheese to sauce was off and so it was a bit bland!3, Canolis: 1 order gets you 2 small sweet canolisOverall, it was very good but the pricing is very high ($18-$20+ for a pizza for maybe 2 ppl if you're a light eater).MmmmmmmmmmNOMNOMNOM.Eat all the pizza?Happy hour here is fabulous.  Small pizzas so you can try several flavors.  My parents and I shared 4 pizzas: mushroom, mozzarella and tomato sauce, fennel sausage and potato.  They were all delicious.  I'm generally not a huge crust fan but I ate every single bite of this crust.  It was so flavorful and delicious.  We all loved the toppings.  For my taste, the slices of potato could be a bit thinner but it was very hearty and yummy.Definitely worth a repeat on my next Seattle visit.This review is a compromise between the 3 stars I would have given Serious Pie and the 5 that Wifey would. It's definitely good pizza, so I'm OK averaging our two scores.First I'll just reiterate that the pizzas are very expensive and the space is quite small. But I really appreciated the size of the restaurant, partly because Wifey and I got our own table - it looked like other small groups just got put together at larger tables. As for the pizza, the two of us basically finished both pizzas. By way of reference, we were both pretty hungry but neither of us is a big eater. But I would say that splitting a pizza between two people is probably not a good plan unless you don't eat much or are getting some other sides.For pizzas, we got the Yukon potato (upon Yelp's recommendation) and a special. The potato pizza was really good, but it was just a lot of potato. I think I would have liked it a lot more if I only had to eat a quarter of it as opposed to a half. Someone else on here described it as a large potato chip and that's not a bad way of putting it. They are little slices of crispy potatoes on top that give it nice texture.I liked the special we got a lot more. It had prosciutto, goat cheese, and sun-dried tomatoes (plus some other things, it was a while ago). Really high-quality ingredients; I don't think I've ever had goat cheese on a pizza before. I was unsure how it'd be. I am a big goat cheese fan, and luckily it didn't disappoint.Oh, one last thing. We each got one of the beers on tap. I got the Schooner Brown Ale and Wifey got the pilsner. I really thought the brown ale was good, but I'm a brown ale fan. Anyway I appreciated the fact that they had interesting beers there. They also had a good selection of bottled beer.Ok. Overpriced.Ambiance was rad. But, for a Chicago deep-dish trained family, it's too fancy-modern-west-coasty for us.BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE.Visiting from Los Angeles.WoW in my mouth. I love pizza so much -- especially your classic sausage and peppers combo.I ordered their sausage and peppers pizza (fennel sausage and something?) Anyway, I was in a rush, so I was eating it as I was walking down the street. After a couple of bites, I had to stop because I was thinking to myself "WTF am I doing? I just paid $19 bucks for this and I'm just shoving it down my throat." When I stopped and really had a chance to take in all the flavors...man, it was great. When you really stop and focus on what you're eating, it's so enjoyable. That's what I did here and I LOVED ITLove this thin flakey crust pizza. I'd recommend this to anyone! Service is great, restaurant decor is nice.After I told my Seattle friend, I stopped by here already, she said "OMG! I was totally gonna suggest this place for us to go!" -- so I guess I'm not the only one who is convinced this place is awesome.{+} MOST DELICIOUS PIZZA EVARRRR{+} nice people{--} EXPENSIVO PIZZAAAI loved Serious Pie, and I don't think it's only because I'm a small town boy.Serious Pie was recommended to us by our favorite chefs in Eugene and, when we met up with our Seattle friends, it was the first place they mentioned as a possibility for dinner.   The stars were definitely aligned for us to try it out, and we weren't disappointed.Our group of 4 shared a large salad and four pizzas.  We are vegetarians and, as Yelp notes, this pizza is very veg-friendly.   There wasn't one that I wasn't crazy about.  Awesome crust, nice mix of toppings, etc.   I bet the meat options are good, too.   I'd return to Serious again and again.For what you get, i think it's overpriced - ordered two pies and a garden salad for 3 people - it was extremely thin / small and it seem to recall we spent about $50.  And were hungry afterwards.Meh. I don't get what all the hoopla is about... we had a work dinner here and had pretty much the whole menu, and I had a slice of everything... again, meh. The ingredients are good, but flavor combo is just not that great - especially for the price you pay. And the word "meh" just overwhelmed my mind... meh meh meh.Discovered this place a few years ago when our familty was vacationing in Seattle.  We ate here multiple times in the few days we were in town.  We couldn't wait to try additional selections on the menu.  Great pizza with great creativity in ingredients.  Yesterday, I was finally able to stop in for another sampling.  One of my favorite pizza places in the US.This place is serious business! A must try when in the Seattle area!We ordered 2 pies; the trumpet king mushroom & truffle cheese and the penn cove clams, pancetta and lime thyme pizza and both were deelish! The pizza crust here is amazingly thin and light. It's only been a day since and I'm already craving Serious Pie pizza...sigh.To avoid the long wait, we came for a very late dinner; around 9:30p, and got seated within about 10-15 mins.Delicious food and atmosphere - I highly recommend!!Been here twice. Great pizzas and always rotating pizza types. Crust is perfect. Great starter salads. Service is great even when very busy and packed.Only minor glitches like the crust tends to get burnt black a little much and leaves an overpowering burnt taste when eating the pizza. Also, community seating is a little too close for comfort, but you get used to it.Prices are on the high side but well worth it. Some of the best pizza I have ever had.I've been wanting to check this place out for a long time and i'm happy that I finally did. It was a busy Friday night and the place was bustling of fellow pizza lovers. I tried the guanciale, braised escarole, bagna cauda pizza which was amazing. It was very soft and cheesy. The crust was crunchy and thin. I enjoyed it. I'd definitely return if I want to have a fun night out with people that I love. The service was quick and the food didn't take too long to fill our stomachs!The food is good. Long wait to get in though. Be prepared or come early!!Damn, they're doing it right here.Ad the pizza with truffles and a pizza with potatoes.  The crust is truly excellent here.  They've clearly done a lot of work in perfecting what many see as a simple part of pizza (it isn't).Holds up well to the excellent toppings.I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants which is what I expected of this Tom Douglas establishment, but I was pleasently surprised.  My husband and I met another couple for dinner on a Saturday and were forewarned to go early.  We arrived at 5p and were immediately seated at a big, bench table.  I really like places that have 'festival seating' (if that's what it's called) where one big table is shared by many groups.  You never know who you're going to meet.  Our foursome ordered four different pizzas - the cherry bomb, the meatball, the mushroom with truffle oil and the daily special with squash.  Because of the open tables and flat dishes, it's easy to share pieces, which is what we did.  All four were yummy and I'd order any of them the next time I go back.I didn't award 5 stars for two reasons.  The service was 'adequate' (could have been a bit more attentive) and the crushed red pepper flakes were not hot at all.   I can overlook both and will definitely go back for more pie.I have fallen in love, seriously.  This is the best pizza I have ever tasted.  We came on a Wed. night and had about a 15 minute wait.  I liked the communal seating and the service was excellent.We ordered the special, which was a spicy proscuitto and also ordered the cherry bomb.  Both were simply magical.  The pizza's were very good in size and so I think if you ordered just one and an appetizer it would be enough food, but then you can't try different pizzas.  The only problem w/ a pizza that delicious, is that you can't stop eating it... even when you are stuffed to capacity.  Thank God for Tom Douglas!!!!The name says it all.  This was some serious pie...period! Now when I first saw the restaurant sign I though pie in the sweet filling variety but was not disappointed when I found the best dish of the trip - Roasted Mushroom and Truffle Cheese Pizza.The dough was very crispy on the bottom but very light in the middle.  The pizza was sprinkled with Murray River Salt, which I need to get my hands on because it really made the pizza pop.  If you want to see some pictures you can check out my blog post:emoeating.wordpress.com/…emoeating.wordpress.com/…In conclusion, Don't come too hungry because although the wait for us was manageable at 30-40 minutes this place can get packed but any wait if worth it for this SERIOUSLY yummy pizza PIE.Pros: unusual pizza combinations hip downtown locationdark urban atmosphereseriously thin pizza crusts (crunchy)Cons:a bit overpriceda bit overpricedlimited seating, cafeteria styleI've been here about 3 or 4 times, and each time, have enjoyed the thin crust pizza that comes out of their ovens.  The only time I was disappointed was when I tried one of their clam-topped pizza (I was feeling adventurous).  It turned out just plain too salty.  Otherwise, for ~$12 to 15/pizza (and really, 1 pizza will serve 1 average sized person pretty well), it's not bad, and really the only game in town for thin crust pizza that I've found...The place was packed, so we had to wait over an hour. It was absolutely worth the wait.Great salads, although some of the pieces are tiny (2 figs and a piece of cheese). And yet, at the same time, awesome fresh ingredients and bursting with flavour. The beet salad was plentiful and excellent.Had the soft egg, guanciale, and dandelion green pizza. Very, very tasty, with perfect "soft egg" that we couldn't figure out how they pulled off. I would have liked the guanciale a bit chunkier rather than paper thin, but it all combined into delicious flavour.Tried a variety of the other flavours - chorizo bell pepper another excellent one that stands out.Every piece of food here stands out, and makes for good sharing. Too crowded and small for big groups, but that's about the only reason not to go.Their chantilli mushroom and truffle pizza is to die for! Crispy thin crust, artisan cheese, friendly staff, great salad....I absolutely love their food and service. Their salad was pretty small, but the ingredients were very fresh and very flavorful. The cons of this place will be the wait time and the shared table. I would not recommend this place for a date night because you will be sitting right next to someone else that you don't know. And they can be really loud sometimes if you know what I mean... ;) Because there is always a long wait for dinner, do never intend to go there with someone like me, who becomes super cranky when she/he is hungry. By the time I usually get to food I am beyond cranky!I had the tomato-mozzarella-basil pizza.  Mostly wonderful and tasty. Hand tossed and irregularly shaped - dunno why I love that but I do. Makes it seem more authentic.  My only complaint was that it was burnt along the edges so I had to try to eat around the charcoal taste. The areas that weren't burnt were fabulous.Though it looked really busy, they seated us at ~7pm without reservations. We only waited ~30min.  Fun ambience.The pizza here is good. Very - very good. Truly a gourmet pizza kitchcen, where flavor and texture is delicately balanced. Through grace and diligent attention, the pizza connoisseurs elevate the lowly pizza into a whole new divine level. If you can't get a table, you'll want to eat standing up right outside the door. Trust me. Within ten minutes, this pizza goes from something descended down from the gates of heaven, to something that a mere mortal made out of a stone hearth. Your friend will give you the evil eye for making them eat out in the rain. But after the first bite, they will understand oh too well, the ephemeral nature of this gift.Seriously good. Buffalo Moz. Tomato Basil... *drooooool* My friends and I went here recently to celebrate a birthday. We brought in our own cake, they charged us $3 a plate, but they did decorate the plates, light the candles, cut the cake perfectly for everyone and brought it out on a nice little stand. - So it was worth it :) I will be back!! I WILL!This is probably comes really close to Cheeseboard in Berkeley. Although it's a bit pricey for its size, it's delicious.We tried the "cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage" pizza. It's pretty greasy, but tasted pretty dang amazing.  I was pretty sad I only got to try two small slices because we had to to-go it on our way to the airport, but we were all glad we got to try it.I'd heard a lot about Serious Pie for a while, and have been meaning to go there. The first time I tried was for dinner, and after being told that it was a two hour wait, decided to come back another time.Lunchtime on a weekday was definitely a wise decision - there was nobody there when we got there at 11:40, and the place only got filled up around 12:15, so much more reasonable than the huge rush that they get in the evenings.Overall, I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the place - the kitchen sounds, the small sitting area, seating several people at the same table, etc. I also really enjoyed the appetizers. The duck egg was delightful. A great blend of flavors and tantalizing enough to tickle all of my test buds. The pizza itself did not impress me (hence the low rating). I had the mushroom and truffle pizza myself, and had a piece of the buffalo mozzarella one. The flavors were bland, and I felt like a lot of the selection was trying to squeeze more impressive ingredients and words into the description (though the waiters are very patient and helpful with definitions). My pizza tasted a lot better when I dunked some hot pepper flakes on it. The dessert was also disappointing. I tried the chocolate espresso dish with clementines. The chocolate as quoted from one of the other people there 'tasted like Hersheys', and the clementines did not blend with the chocolate very well (I think if they were cooked with the chocolate it would be yummier). Would I return here? Maybe if somebody was particularly excited about it... and willing to pay. =)Came extremely hungry and super excited cuz I heard about it on "the best thing I ever ate."Yukon gold Potato pizza: sucked big time. It needed flavor!Cherry bomb/fennel pizza: the bf liked it just okCommunal seating is fine, but my bf and I always sit next to each other, and they said we could only sit across from each other. That also suckedCame for: Sat. dinner during a weekend get-away. Will come back for: to dine-in (if hunger doesn't trump wait time...) 3.5 stars, but not quite enough to round up.  Looking forward to re-visiting to dine there and round it up.We had to re-jigger our plans when we found out that there was a 1.5 hour wait (we got there ~8:30PM and had known they don't take resies.)  Since we were "serious" about trying their pies, we took it to go.penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme -- My dinner mates preferred this.  I liked this too, the flavors were done well and the clams were chewy and with a consistency that didn't seem fish-y or clam-y in any way.guanciale, soft egg, arugula -- I like this one.  It was certainly the more interesting one of the two, with the guanciale (thinly sliced cured meat), soft egg (think egg done over-easy), and topped with arugula which made it like a salad on top of the pizza.  These thin pizzas are easy to devour :)  They do seem serious about their crust as treat each pie with TLC in their stone ovens.  Although the crusts are good, they weren't anything out of this world.  I would go back to dine-in, but not if needed to wait 1+ hour.  Ugh, there's the rest of Seattle to eat though...  One caveat, I think I'd reconsider my ratings after a dine-in experience; there's a fuller menu beyond just pizzas and (to my envy) the diners seemed to be quite enjoying themselves.Btw, they will take down numbers and call you when your turn is up.  So an option is to have drinks elsewhere and come back or do dessert first!After walking all over the streets of Seattle in search of an open pizza place on Memorial Day, we were so ecstatic to discover that Serious Pie was open. It was my first restaurant experience in the city and the best one by far. The first bite into my mushroom and truffle cheese pizza was seriously orgasmic. The medley of the truffle oil, cheese and the mushrooms was a perfect combo, but what sold me was the soft chewable crust w/ the special sauce that they dous all over. We also ordered another pizza - one of their specials of the day - which had cooked prosciutto and asparagus. Again, the combo was delectable and the crust was equally delicious. Both pizzas w/ a couple beers make for a satisfying meal. To top off our lunch w/ dessert, we went with the Cannoli, which was not too sweet and light enough even though we barely had room for dessert. One of Tom Douglas's food businesses, I'm zealous to try other spots of his the next time I'm in town.Their pizza bread is f*n delicious. I've been there every time I've gone to Seattle since I first had it.High end toppings but the flavours are not exactly what they should be.The Crimini Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizza is the best pizza I have ever eaten in my entire life.  Tom Douglas has won me over.  The simplicity of the pizza with the richness of the truffle oil make the most glorious pizza to ever exist.  I didn't even know I liked truffle oil that much until this pizza.  The crust was infused in butter. It's like the dough absorbed all the oil and once you "wring it out" in your mouth...all the flavors come out.   Every bit got better and better.  There was very little conversation happening between me and my friend during this particular meal...only orgasmic sighs and MMMs. We were in love with a pizza.  After eating one slice, we knew we had to come back for more.  We were visiting for the weekend so obviously we wanted to eat at different places. But we made an exception for Serious Pie.  We rearranged our eating schedule so that we were able to go back and try the potato pizza.  We ordered it to go and ate it on the way to Portland AND it was still good!  Tom Douglas, you are my hero. In all seriousness, I will come back to Seattle to eat this pizza!!!First, prepare to spend $60 for two in this place.They definitely make good pizzas.  The crust is thin, ingredients excellent, and the recipe definitely unique.  One pizza is good for two, if you also order appetizers, but we ordered two.The Yukon Potato pizza?  Hmm, the ingredients cannot be simpler.  Thinly sliced potato on top of nice crust.  Liberally sprinkle olive oil on top, some rosemary, a bit seasoning, and that is!  Yet, I cannot stop eating it until I am just too full.The other one was Penn Cove Clam.  The crust is as usual excellent.  The clams give a bit sea, a bit salt, and just enough meaty flavor.  Excellent!But $60!?  The pizzas are good.  But we share table with 6 more people on a cafeteria style setting on high chairs.  Our elbows literally touch the neighbors and could definitely hear every conversations.If I live closer, I would order to-go.  That will be $17 per pizza.Last minute dinner for two. We entered and it didn't look to busy but we stood in the doorway for a while and no one greeted us or helped us. After about 3 minutes of standing there, I asked the hostess how long the wait is. "About 30 mins" was her response. I was waiting for her to ask for my name so we can be put on the wait list but nothing...oh-kay. So I asked the other hostess to put our names down. I guess the cool thing was they ask for your number so you have the freedom to leave and they'll give you a call when your table is ready. We decided to sit and wait since we were exhausted from walking around the city all day. But they whole leaving and calling to come back thing played tricks on us. It gives the illusion that it's not going to be a long wait and then you see ppl come in for a min and get seated.So after 45 min of waiting, we get escorted to our seats. there are no individual tables. We were sitting so closely with other ppl that it looked like we came together. So don't get your hopes up for some intimate conversations, unless you want the world to hear. We ordered the golden chanterelle with truffle oil cheese and the buffalo mozzerella pizza. They were on the thinnest flat bread, which was delish! the truffle oil cheese is  my fave. Truffle oil makes everything yummier. Don't expect anything traditional about this pizza joint. Almost everything on the menu was foreign and...shall I say, different. It was def an experience but if I lived in Seattle, it wouldn't be my go-to place for pizza.I dragged the BF here during our day-trip to Seattle and he couldn't understand why we would come across the country from NYC to have pizza. An hour later, Christina:1 BF:0. This place is definitely worth coming to, especially during Happy Hour. We shared 4 mini pizzas between the both of us and we could've kept going if we didn't have dinner plans coming up. The yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino pizza and the soft egg, guanciale, dandelion greens pizza were my favorites while my boyfriend scarfed down the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza before I could get my hands on a second slice.It seems superfluous to review a place with 1000+ reviews, so I'll keep this short.1. Happy hour pizza at $6 for each mini pie, approx. 6-8 in. in diameter!A majority of regular pies are on the happy hour menu and they have two or three beers and wines on the menu as well.2. Heirloom tomato, pesto, garlic, and pine nut pizza was soggy, although the crust was amazing. The flavors were bold but who wants to eat a soggy pizza? Pizza should only be soggy when you've reheated it in the microwave for almost too long.At $17 for the relatively small pizza, I was not satisfied.Go for the happy hour. Always. HH is Holy Grail here.After our dinner, I thought that the pizza was pretty good but not a knockout. I had to think about it and I did not recognize how good the pizza was until the next day. My palette felt challenged but in a great way. Keep in mind this is just pizzaWe ordered the pie with chanterelles. I have had chanterelles before but this was my best experience with chantrelles thus far. The crust was perfect and the pie just had just the right amount of cheese, oil, and salt. They have a great selection of beer as well. I would recommend this place for the following reasons:- If you are looking for a great, culinary "pizza and beer" experience. - On a date. I 'would not' recommend this place for the following situations:- If you are claustrophobic.- If you are with more than one child.- If you dislike sitting next to strangers. Serious Pie is not super expensive but it is like $17-$20 for one pizza that may feed maybe two adults or one hungry adult. It is great pizza. Although, it is hard not to consider other cheaper and family friendly pizzeria alternatives like Tutta Bella.Been here once for lunch and had a solid experience. Prices were a bit much ($15-$20) for a decent size personal pizza. But we split the pie with roasted chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese, and that was great for our wallets and proved just enough food for a work-day lunch break.Pie was awesome. Really awesome. And I liked the atmosphere a lot. Just busy enough to make you feel at home, but not so loud that I had to scream just to talk. A good place in downtown Seattle, though I'm not sure I'll be back for dinner. Might just be a lunch stop for me.Ok, I'm not a dessert person. :-) I prefer to get full on everything else.   With the name of Serious Pie, you would think that this is a dessert shop.  Instead, pies are woodfired pizzas.  I did my research and found that the time to experience Serious Pie is during Happy Hour (3-5pm).  We rushed in to make it just before 5.  Half sized pizzas are only $6. Full sized pies are approx $18. What a difference in price!IPA or Pisner pints (only 1 choice ea) is $4 making it a way to sample them w/o spending a lot of dough (no pun intended).We thoroughly enjoyed the braised pork pizza as well as the sweet fennel sausage. Both had very fresh ingredients and the crust worked as well.Wow was I impressed. I went here at the recommendation of a friend.I didn't realize before I got there that it was community seating at the large tables, but since I was alone, that meant I was able to be seated immediately.  The food was amazing. I had a simple basil, fresh mozzarella and tomato sauce pizza, and I was able to add some sweet sausage to the pizza as well.  I was impressed at how great the pizza was.  I also had a salad and some ice cream.The service was great, and I liked the dark ambiance of the restaurant.  I will be returning here next time I am in Seattle!I really wish I was with a group of people so I could have tried other pizzas but alas I ate by myself at a restaraunt for the first time ever.  But, it wasn't too bad.  The seating here is family style-ish.  THere are some tables for couples but in the center are tables for about 8 people.  They combine groups into tables.  Unfortunately I was seated with a group of asian men (nothing against them as I am one) who only spoke their native language and had no wish to be social.  But I had my trusty phone and was able to surf the web while I waited.Now to the food, I ordered the soft egg w/ Coppa, aragula and parmasean cheese.  I very tasty combination, I mean soft egg with egg yolk dripping with very good coppa, I think that's my new sandwich.  But what really made the pizza was the crust.  It was just fluffy, but had great texture, and the salt on it was amazing, it just this (overused term) umami taste to it that made the pizza complete.  It was one of those pizzas that made you think about it the next day and long for another bite.  Sadly, I live in Orange County and will haev to wait until my next trip to seattle to have another biteI would go here again, mostly because I love pizza. I love it so much that at times I'm overly forgiving about quality standards. Kinda like how you love your kids even when they are acting like little punks. Serious Pie has an overall warm atmosphere which is nice on a chilly Seattle evening. They have high bar like  tables that seat at least six so don't bring someone here on your first date and assume you will be sitting alone, because it's quite possible you will share the table with others.    The pizza was good, not great but def not run of the mill. The crust tasted awesome as it should coming out of a wood fire oven. The toppings were hit and miss for me. I preferred the sausage fennel pizza over the clam pizza and the truffle cheese/mushroom pizza which was on "best thing I ever ate"....ehh...i've had better. Get the draft root beer. You won't be sorry.Seriously? It's just a pie!Ok, the pizza is great... very tasty but way too expensive!!!They even charged me $1 more because I asked to change (and not to add) one ingredient. $20 for a pizza half the regular size?!?I even ordered an appetizer, another $11 for a few slices of salami that were so thin that I could barely taste them.And the place..... so smaaaall... no privacy sitting with other people at a kind of bar table... come on.....I'm giving 3 stars only for the good pizza and nothing else.I would give it 3.5 stars if I could, but since I can't, I will give it the benefit of the doubt.  We walked right in (well 5 minute wait) on a recent trip to Seattle.  The place is a little too dark for my tastes, and is pretty small.  Service was decent, although it was a little slow at times.  My wife had some special pizza with olive oil, and some special pork, which was quite tasty, although it was burned at the edges.  My pizza was a tasty sausage pizza.  All the pizzas are more of a high end ingredient list, and are not your standard mozzarella, ham and pineapple.  The pizzas were a good size for one, and definitely larger than your normal "pizza for one" at some places.  I had a delicious soup which was on special as well.  Overall, the food was pretty good and the price was decent.How have I not reviewed this place yet? It never disappoints. The specialty/seasonal pies are good, but I think we have decided that all we ever need is the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil and the sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone. Those two pizzas are what heaven must be like. And the crust, it really must be made from crack. My fiancee says the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil pizza tastes the closest to pizza back 'home' (New York).Potato topping Pizza!!! Yep, I couldn't believe my eyes as well.  Until my trip here i have not heard of potato being used a topping for a pizza.  Sliced yukon gold potatoes on a hand tossed thin crust pizza, with rosemary and pecorino for brunch, it doesn't get any better than that!!!! I would say come here with a bunch of folks, order various different pies and enjoy the awesomeness.If you ever find yourself in Seattle Downtown,  make time to stand in line and try out the pizzas here. You will not regret standing in line to get in, could take you an hr + easily. Or you could do what we did,  go there before the crowd starts to pur in ;)soft egg, proscuitto cotto, wild arugulaThe egg is what sold me.  I love egg on my pizza and quite frankly, it's difficult to find a pizza joint offering eggs as a topping.Strangely, the pizza was a little too dry and salty for my taste.I'd come here again to try some more.The beer named "summer" something is really awesome!There's something about the pH balance of the water in Seattle that makes the pizza crust so good--crispy, chewy and soft, it's the perfect Neopolitan thin-crust. Serious Pie is the best of the best and for my out of town friends who have only one meal in town, I always recommend it. These are closer to artisan flatbread than pizza, and the cornmeal in the crust is a nice touch.Must Gets are the clam and lemon-thyme pizza, the mushroom truffle pizza and the kale salad (shaved parmesan, pine nuts and a slight spicy, tangy kick gives this simple salad a delightful complex flavor). The draft root beer is also an awesome pairing!I recommend 1 pizza per person so you can share with a couple of pieces left over (these are great late night snacks). No reservations so be prepared to wait, or send someone in early.Saw this on the Food Network and since we were staying nearby, it was a must-try place. Had the sausage pizza, the smoked salmon appetizer and the Scuttlebutt Porter. loved the crust of the pizza. thin, crispy around the edges with a good chewy texture to it... the way a crust should be! even though it was good, i still felt like it wasn't anything to really write home about. but nonetheless, it was still a great pizza and worth a try. the 4th star is actually given for their service. super friendly and attentive. our server checked up on us enough to make us feel taken care of but not enough that he felt like our 3rd wheel.There is a lot of hype about the pizza at this place, but for the price, I'd much rather go to Tutta Bella or even Via Tribunali.Fantastic pizza. Ordered the basil mozzarella and the truffle mushroom and loved them both. Comes fresh and hot right out of the brick oven. Lots of good local beers but the pizza is the star. Came at 4pm on a Sunday and were seated immediately for a table of four. The pineapple drink was also awesome.Very tasty, but kind of narrow space to sit (the downtown location). I like the oblong pizza. A better draft list would be nice.great pizza....a little limited on offeringsSerious Pie was packed for an early Tuesday evening; reminds me of Le Bicyclete in Carmel:  both have "heirloom potato" pizza and other interesting toppings.  Ordered the fennel sausage and the mussel and lemon sauce pizza; the fennel sausage was hands down the better of the two.   Anyway, it works when your looking for an upgrade from the typical Round Table-esque found everywhere.The kale salad and the buffalo mozzarella pizza. Yum!Really good pizza and a fun place to be overall. Love the unique kinds of pizza but a word of warning, the clam pizza may not be for all, although the adventure of it is very appealing.The pizza here was great. If you eat a whole pizza alone it might be a little pricey but worth it. I got the special and no complaints. I would highly recommend their in-house fermented sodas. I had the pineapple and the grape soda and could drink that all day every day. Yum.i went to Serious Pie for my last meal in 2012, and it turned to be a very pleasant experience that I won't forget. There was this cute girl walking around to give you a free HAPPY NEW YEAR handband and also the server offered each of us a free round of champange, which i thougth it was really nice of them since it is the new years eve. But beside that special treats for new years eve, I really enjoyed their pie,..or PIZZA!!! we asked for a lot toppings on top of their selections, and hands down, nothing beats freshly prepared and still hot out of the oven pizza!!! it was definitely a tasty dinner. The mozarrella melts instantly once you bite into it, and hmm i am already getting hungry just by writing a review for this place. So defnitely come and check out their pies and get seriuos about eating yummy food!!! :)Great pizza, atmosphere, and Happy Hour!Serious Pie is on my top 5 list of fave pizza eateries.. It's currently in competition with Little Star out in SF. It's just THAT good! I often dream about the heavenly thin crust pizzas and kale salad. My faves so far are the truffle mushroom pizza and the mozarella, tomato, basil pizza. Both great and are able to carry out their flavors to the fullest.  SP's kale salad is also amazing. While it is simple, its such a great compliment to the pizzas. Tom Douglas has seriously out done himself with SP. I hope he opens one up in LA or SF soon. 2 trips to Seattle just to eat his pizza won't do justice!Fun place, great pizza, good apps and salads and desserts.  Decently priced and good service.  What's not to love?!?The second best pizza in Seattle, and the South Lake Union location has the best crust bar none.  Enjoy.Well, we ate here and based on the reviews I expected just good old pizza. It's was just ok pizza. The toppings were tasty but minimal. They've got a nice space but the prices are high for what you get. The dough is like a flatbread...meh...wasn't for me.  We had the special with roasted corn and squash...very underwhelming. The red sauce with mozzarella was tastier...but neither filled me because these pies are SMALL.Seriously yum! Great ambiance. Creative pizza. Perfect date night or evening with friends.Flavorful pizzas with high quality ingredients. I can easily eat a whole pizza, but they are meant to be for one person so I don't feel too guilty about that. The classic mozzarella on red sauce with basil pizza is the best I've had of this simple flavor. The ingredients really go well together and the depth of flavor is somewhat unexpected. The fall squash pizza is also pretty darn good. The factors that prevent me from coming here more often are the location (parking downtown is a pain), the slightly high prices for what you get, long waits, and the seating situation. I would definitely like to come back soon though.Service is mediocre, which is surprising for the ambiance and price, but the food is delicious! Go for the truffly pie, it was delicious!Yummy!  We left Seattle 4 days ago and I am still thinking about our meal here.  We went around 3:00 on a Friday afternoon and it was practically empty.  We ordered the buffalo mozzarella pizza and the yukon gold pizza.  Although the buffalo mozzarella was good, the yukon gold pizza was fabulous!  I can't stop thinking about it, seriously.What are the chances of Tom opening a Serious Pie in my town?I went to this restaurant because I wanted something simple, but with high end taste.  The other Tom Douglas restaurants were out of the question because the menus looked a little too complex for my mood of the night.  I didn't have high expectations, since this Tom Douglas is rated lower on Yelp than the other Tom Douglas restaurants in the same neighborhood.  Boy was I surprised!  The roasted chantrelles and truffle cheese pizza was sumptuous, refined and the special dessert of the day, something involving wine, blackberries and marionberries, cream, and mascarpone, was lovely.  Nice ambiance too. European-style high, communal tables, with surprisingly comfortable bar-height chairs.  Note that you have to take a leap of faith with most of the items on the menu.  They read like mad-libs and often involve obscure ingredients.  You will not be disappointed, though!  What a fabulous, fabulous place. I would eat here again and again!Aww man, been here numerous times after finding on yelp.  I think we have tried every pizza on the menu.  I would highly recommend this place.  Also if you are feeling somewhat adventurous and not opposed to runny egg the egg pizza is out of this world!!All of the other pizzas on the menu are also great.We usually run over to lola before eating for some drinks since serious pie doesn't have a full bar.Great pizza! Vegetarian options!The only reason this gets only 3 stars is because it is so crowded and their semi-communal style seating screws over larger parties who wait forever while the hosts seat smaller parties together at larger tables. What to order: You can't really lose whatever you get but my personal favorite is the Mushroom pizza because I love Truffle oilFirst let me say that I love the crust, some of the best crust I've had.  The main problem I have with Series Pie is the fact that you can't customize pizzas really.  I know they're trying to be an upscale, cool pizza place, but how hard is it to make a very simple requested pizza?  Anyway, putting that aside, I thought their pizza was just okay, but I think maybe getting a different pizza with simpler ingredients would have tasted better.What I ate:  pork belly app, pumpkin app, salumi + walla walla onion pizza.  Verdict:  Delicious.  Slightly pricey, but worth it.  Dining room was very busy, but cozy atmosphere.  Other comments:  Pizza was light, delicious.  Apps were unique in taste and fresh.  Mexican Coca-Cola:  Coke with real sugar.  No HFCS.Holy S***, this is great stuff! Had the clam pizza and the potato one with my girlfriend. The clam pizza makes my top 25 foods of all-time - I wished they'd just serve me the toppings out of a bowl or sell it in potato chip bags. The potato one is great as well but overshadowed by the clam pizza - the ingredients are very fresh and rich in flavour.It's 15-16 bucks for a personal size pizza which sounds pricey but it's worth every penny. Can't wait to come here on my next visit to Seattle.mmm it is SOOOO good. you have to go to serious pie! I went with my friend Sandra, and thinking since it's a pizza, that we should just order one and share it. oh no no no my friends, you can eat one whole pizza by yourself. We finished the first one so quickly, we had to order a second one. Since it's seattle and parking sucks, I'd say go on sundays or after 6pm so you dont have to pay for parking (i hate paying for parking! i can put that money toward MORE food!) And since the place is pretty small, I would go during an off-hour like early dinner or something. And with a smaller crowd. the tables are like ...tall and long bar tables, that seat 8, and you sit on bar stools. Since it was just the two of us, they were able to place us very quickly at the end of a table with 4 people already seated. (i noticed that there was a large group waiting for a table for a while, so if you dont like waiting like me, smaller the better)Oh and i forget what the dish was exactly called, but get the salumi one! it was amazing!This is probably my favorite restaurant in the world... definitely in my top 10, anyway. The crust is absolutely amazing and unlike anything I've ever had before, except maybe in Rome. Amazing unique toppings that I never would have imagined. My husband hates eggs yet somehow loves their arugula and poached egg pizza. I've never had a pizza I didn't like here. In fact, I've liked them so much that I've never made room to try an appetizer or dessert.Beware that this is not a restaurant to choose if you are in need of an intimate private conversation. You share tables with other guests, which I think adds to the warm cozy feel of this place. Tom Douglas, way to go.Does this place need another good review? Probably not. Should it be twice the size? Yes.I come here with my most picky friend, and while he won't look at the menu because he already knows what he wants (Cherry Bomb Pizza), it's worth the exploration of combinations you have never thought of, or the safety of knowing you are getting the best pepper and sausage pizza of your life (Cherry Bomb Pizza). I am always fearful of sitting next to annoying people at the family style tables, but I've actually never had that problem. I guess in Seattle, people mostly just mind their own business, for better or worse.This is fast becoming a place you have to take your out of town guests in Seattle.Wanted to know what all the buzz was about and never wanted to wait during the weekends so I came here with my girlfriend on a Wednesday around 615PM hoping it wouldn't be crowded. It was still crowded but we were told we be seated real quickly and they were right, we were seated in about 3 minutes. They do the communal tables and we were a bit cramped in next to the wall and a really load couple next to us. But we were seated and we were going to make the best of it. We order a carafe of the red for only  $15 and the black kale salad and cherry bomb and sweet sausage pizza.The wine was a bargain for the price and paired well with our dishes. I was skeptical of kale but it was well season and tasty.  The only gripe is that the peppers in the salad had more heat than I wanted in a salad. The pizza came out with a bubbly crust which was crisp just the way I like it. The sauce was flavorable and the sausage was not overly salty as other places usually are. I want another pizza now as I write this.They had some other intesting pizzas on the menu like a yukon gold pizza and a calm one that I want, or should I say will be back to try next time.Great pizzeria. I love thin crust pizzas with gourmet, creative toppings and this place is perfect. The black kale salad was delicious and perfectly dressed. The penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme pizza was one of the best pizzas I've had and has kept me thinking about it till this day. The roasted yellowfoot mushroom with truffle cheese pizza was great, but after a few slices I was a little overwhelmed.Well worth the long wait.Serious Pie.  Seriously delectable!  Business trip brought me to Seattle and I just had to check out Serious Pie after seeing a mention of it on the Food Network.It was insanely yummy!  I went during happy hour, when you can order a mini pizza for $5.  Perfect for someone like me who wanted to try a couple of different pizzas.  I ordered the mini roasted yellowfoot mushrooms, truffle cheese and the mini penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme pizzas.  Both were excellent, but if I had to pick a favorite between the 2, I'd have to say the mushroom/truffle cheese pie.2 mini's were enough for a very satisfying dinner.  Hope to come back again and try some of the other pies.  It's definitely a "don't miss."After much anticipation I finally made it out to Serious Pie with my wife and daughter in tow. First off, serious wait (close to an hour). Undaunted we were committed to the hula baloo of trying the "best pizza in Seattle." Probably a product of waiting so long and being too hungry, we ordered 3 pies; mozzarella/tomato, sausage and peppers, and the special which was garlic truffle somethingorother. Too much food. Seriously.The first bite of the mozzarella/tomato crust was, well, perfection. Crunchy yet soft & chewy. The holy trinity of crust. The mozzarella was tasty but, in my opinion, too thick and gooey. By far the best tasting pizza of the 3 was the sausage and peppers. The special's sauce was too rich and garlicky. We ended up feeling seriously nauseous. Will I go back? Probably not. Yes it was good, but ultimately there are pies just as good (Tutta Bella & Pallino for example) for a lot less wait who don't try to "fix" the classics.Seriously delicious.  All kinds of novel toppings, delicious bread, festive ambiance, and great prices.  Went there for a lunch.  There was a big crowd but the wait was reasonable (probably ~15 minutes) and the crowd made the ambiance fun.Pictures of what we had: ling.swingvine.com/view?…First thing we ate when we arrived in Seattle. Excellent Pizza! They even got my picky boyfriend to eat something besides pepperoni and he really enjoyed it. There was a massive 2 hour wait. They were great and offered to give me a call on my cell so we got to go explore to city. Excellent service.Best Pizza in Seattle. But if you're going during the normal busy dinner times, be read for a serious wait (ba dum dum CRASH! hey oh! Don't forget to tip your waitress!)I've had almost every pizza and the Cherry Bomb is #1 for me. The Chorizo is insanely good. And save room for dessert, they typically have a great seasonal selection.The pizzas here  taste really good . All worth the praise.Combinations of topping available here are very unique and tasteful.Not the usual put anything on top of thick bread style.I ate mushroom with truffle cheese it and it was excellent .Yukon potato pizza was also great though i like mushroom a lot more.Even the appetizer with watermelon, ricotta cheese was really interesting.It wont be wrong to say this is  pricey considering size of pizza but for nice location and taste I think its fine.If I was working nearby it would have put a hole in my pocket !We walked into very small, snug dining area with family style-seating.   Directly to the left was the freezer full of deli meats and ahead stood the chef upon a perch decorating each individual pie made to order.  Dinner was crowded  (there was an approximately a one hour wait for 900pm)  The meal started off with some wine and pate which was delicious.  Proceeded to tackle five different pies.  Two tied for my favorite which were the garlic sausage/eggplant/rustico and soft egg/arugula.   One pizza is good for one person with a good appetite.  My advice is to go in a group so you can order several pies to sample.  And be prepared to rub elbows with strangers.   Like the name on the front sign, the food is Serious.  Seattle has a winner and it doesn't even involve crabs or fried fish.  Will definitely go back when I return to SeattleThis place was fine.  Maybe just not my style of pizza.We got there around 11:30 and had no problem getting a seat; however, as we were there the place filled in around us and was packed by noon, so get there early if you want to go.The atmosphere is loud.  6 seats to a table (and yes, they will seat people next to you if you don't have 6) and not much room to walk or move.We had the yukon gold potato and the much hyped truffle pizza (I love truffles).  The crust was excellent, light and crisp.  The toppings were...bland.  The potato pizza tasted exactly like the rosemary bread I get at the store.  Which is good bread, just not what I wanted from a pizza.  The truffle pizza tasted faintly of truffles if I imagined realy hard, but mostly it tasted like crust.All in all, I'd go back if others wanted to go (my sister really enjoyed it), but if it was my choice, I wouldn't walk a block out of my way to get here.  There are just too many other, better...cheaper options downtown.I have only been here once, and although I would love to give it 5 stars I only feel it is far to give it 4 for now. I visited Serious Pie for my birthday with my husband and my uncle. It was a 45 min - an hour wait so we went next door for a drink and they called us when our table was ready...not bad, they called us in 50 minutes and we walked over and were seated. I had the Truffle Cheese and Chantrel Mushroom Pizza - fantastic. My husband had the special pizza of the day...Lemon, Peppers, Olives, and Buffalo Mozz.. To die for! My uncle had the Brussel Sprouts Pizza with Pancetta, I could not try it being the vegetarian that I am; but they said it was spectacular. We ordered dessert too, Cannoli with Pears, Pomegranate, and candied Fennel - such a great dessert. The best part was they said they overheard it was my birthday and the dessert was on the house...a nice and surprising touch. The tables are communal, which may make it tough if you come with a crowd. The whole experience was great though and I will defiantly be back. It is the closest thing to Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix that I have found...and if you do not know I consider Bianco's God Like! Thank you Serious Pie, I may be in loveBeside the fact, that this place is famous...The pizza is indeed very good and different. The ingredients are so fresh...!!!!It's a little weird seating in the same table with others but being from NYC it did not faze me at all...Staff is super friendly and accommodating...Will come back next time I am in Seattle..One of the best pizza pies I've had (and I've, obviously, had quite a few!). The pizzas have a great crust and are made with really fresh ingredients. Whomever came up with the menu did an outstanding job devising tasty combinations of traditional and atypical toppings. A pizza with sausage and red peppers? Sure, they got it. But who thought up a yukon gold potato and rosemary? A pure genius I say!  it was possibly one of the tastiest pies I've had in years.As others have mentioned, the place is small so plan to wait. Leave your name and cell phone number with the hostess and enjoy a relaxing drink  at Serious Pie's sister restaurants: Dahlia Lounge or Lola. They'll call you when your table is about ready. By the time you settle your bar tab and stroll back to Serious Pie your table will be ready.The pizza here tastes great but is definitely overpriced. If you're looking for a pie shop with traditional toppings (i.e., pepperoni) then this isn't the place for you.  This is definitely a "foodie's" idea of pizza.  I was a bit hesitant at first when scanning down the menu and not knowing what some of the topping choices even were (morel and crimini mushroom? house guanciale?) but I've been pleasantly surprised that all 4 of the pies I've gotten here have tasted pretty good.  My only gripes are that they tend to be very rich in flavor which makes it tough getting through all six or so slices (think super rich / sweet dessert that after a few bites is enough) and the prices are definitely too high ($17 a pizza which basically feeds 1 person)Seriously good.  This pizza is so good that I've already visited twice while in town on a 7 day business trip.The place is small, but efficient, and every pizza i've tried has been good (though i imagine that nothing compares to the crimini/chanterelle pie).  It is a bit pricey, but that's what you pay for good food.  The service has always been great.I don't mind the family-style seating, but I do have to say that it gets VERY warm with the hot ovens and close proximity to others.  They could use some AC or a few good fans...Delicious! Came here on a Thursday with 3 others. We were told the wait would take 45 minutes to an hour but it only took 15 minutes! We were seated next to 2 people (rectangular tables enough for 6 people) but after we ordered our food, they were finished so we had the table to ourselves (til they seated 2 other people after we got our food). We shared 2 salads and 2 pizzas and I enjoyed all of it! It was enough food for 4 not-so-starving people but I would recommend 3 pizzas for 4 people.Only negative thing is that the restaurant is very small so if you have a group of less than 6, you will most likely be seated with strangers.P.S. They also have hooks for your purses/bags under the table!Serious Pie? Can I say seriously good! There might be a wait, so if you don't plan ahead, maybe you should just order it as take out. The ambiance is really cute. Not sure if I like sharing a table with strangers, but the place is tiny so they don't have much of a choice. i also ordered the mint watermelon lemonade. I've been craving that ever since I left that place. It was really good. In fact, I want one now. We had the sweet fennel sausage pie...MMMM! You definitely taste the difference with fresh ingredients and that clay oven they use. we also go the mustard greens appetizer....eh, it was only ok. They didn't have very many appetizer choices and nothing really screamed out to us. For dessert, we had their cannolis. I didn't expect it to be that great, but I am so glad we ordered it. It was DELISH. The goat cheese filling and the candied orange rind was perfect when eaten together. I wish they had this place in Ca....sigh.Waited 3 hours to get a table here.  It was not too bad because we went to McDonald's during the wait for cheeseburgers.  After sitting down, we ordered the vegetarian pizza, the one without any meat.  Waited about an hour for the pizza, and yes, it finally came.  It was unique, but nothing too impressive.  The crust is really fluffy and the toppings were tasty, not too much sauce so you can taste the flavor.  Thing is, we only ordered one pizza for two people, not a good idea.  It is not that filling, I suggest ordering one and a half for each person.  What was awesome though, was the waiter came by and said sorry for the hour wait for the food, this meal is comped.  Wow, awesome dude!  Never seen that before, where they just comp it on their own.  Long wait, but really good service and setting.  Had to stop by the McDonald's after though for another cheeseburger, make sure to order more than one pizza.Tom Douglas 2:2!! we went to both Lola and Serious Pie on a recent trip to Seattle and both restaurants were deserving of all the accolades! Roasted hedgehog mushrooms, and truffle cheese was insanely delicious. The truffle complements the mushroom nicely that was inhaled and devoured the fastest from my group. Our waitress said that the most popular dish was the fennel pizza and so we went with that as our second pie. It was delicious, too, but the truffle pie was like crack; had to have more!The staff was so nice, too! My friend had forgotten her cupcakes that she bought from The Confectional @ Pike's and our waitress ran down to the corner to give it back to us. Good thing we gave her a good tip.We came here just in time for Happy hour. I like the restaurant, very cozy and the servers were very friendly. We ordered 4 pizzas to share and they were all very good. My favorite is the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. WOW!!! I love that the truffle is not too overpowering. The chese is so creamy and it just balance out the thin crispy crust. I wish I could have more.The kale salad is great, but a little too salty for my taste...wish they have a low sodium version of it. Will try to copy at home.Cannoli was amazing even for a non goat cheese fan. there was a hint of goat cheese but i couldn't refrain from eating it, slowly. Minus the goat cheese, I think it would have been amazing.We went during happy hour, which is what I would recommend.  During HH you can get a tiny pie for about $6.  We got the Margherita, which was delish, and the mushroom/truffle cheese pizza which was frigging outstanding and I want one right now.Friendly service, comfortable seating, good food.*Bonus tip: Go to Dahlia's Bakery next door and you can get one of those truffle pizzas for a dollar cheaper.  Not fresh and brought to your table, but whatever.I'm not a big fan of sharing table with other diners, but it didn't bother me at all at Serious Pie. I wish they'd take reservation though. It was 8:30 on a Wednesday night and we was told the wait was 40 mins for 2. We took a stroll down to Pike Place Market for a peek at the brand new Ferris Wheel while waiting and it was only about 30 mins until we were called that our table was ready. So be prepared to wait, but the wait usually isn't too bad on a weeknight. Food was delicious, something different than regular pizza. We ordered 2 pies: sweet fennel sausage and mushroom truffle. Those are the must-haves. A little too much for 2, but we finished them all! Plus a sweet cannoli for to-go. I didn't like the cannoli as much but the pies were spot on.The food was wonderful.    I watched 'The Best Thing I Ever Ate' pizza edition and this place was Tyler Florence's choice.  We even ordered "the best thing he ever ate" pizza, roasted chantrelles truffle cheese pizza.  Words can't describe it.  I just have to be thankful these shows exist so we can try it ourselves.  You can't really classify this as pizza because this place takes it to a different level.  I'll have to come back to Seattle just to eat here!  Communal seating and we were fortunate enough to make conversation with a retired couple next to us who were definitely foodies.  They were telling us all about Tom Douglas and his restaurants and about his bakery around the corner....separate review for that!  4 stars for this place....why?  I didn't find the workers very friendly.  It's like you're the one who lucked out and got a seat in this restaurant, now what do you want?I must of been hit by a seattle bus because this place is heaven.   This place proves there is A higher and mightier power than us mere mortals.  2nd trip in 2 days.    Not Chicago style And not new York style.    This place has its own style and it's sure good.The pizza was 4 star pizza, the price matched up with the size of the pizza was two stars, hence 3 stars from me.  The pizza was great, don't get me wrong, but pizza is very in right now and we all eat a lot of great pizza.  I was expecting pizza that would wow and make me put my socks back on and Serious Pie did not.  It was delicious it was great, it was also small.  If my pizza had been about 30% larger it would have been in line with the size of its gourmet pizza making competitors and been a much more enjoyable experience.Wonderful sausage pizza, kale salad and dinner at a table with complete strangers!!We came here one Thursday night during happy hour (M-F 3-5pm), and if I could, I'd come back at least weekly.  Because of the great happy hour prices ($6 for a smaller version of any of the pies on their main menu), we were able to order two each of four different pies, to get a good sampling of their amazing flavors.  They were **amazing**.  Every single flavor was perfectly combined, there was nothing extra, nothing lacking.  It was pure perfection.  We tried:* yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino romano* buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil * sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone* soft cooked free range eggs*, smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugulaThe only drawback?  My 14 and 11 year old felt a little out of place amongst the hipster crowd at the tall tables.  They appreciate a serious pie too... Would love to see a place that served food this amazing, yet still felt a little more family friendly.Some of the best pizza in Seattle. The margheritta is my favorite and the chanterelle mushroom and truffle pizza is my second fave. This would be 5 stars if seating wasn't so hard to come by.My favorite Seattle pizza, by far! The crust here is wonderful; the perfect balance of crisp and chewy and the flavors are balanced beautifully. My top pic and recommendation on the menu is the Penn Cove Clam pizza...yes, it may sound a bit odd, but trust me, it's well worth being adventurous...Serious Pie..another Tom Douglas midas touch success...Alpine Rug cleaners, were very good.  We were very pleased with a job well done.  The man cleaning the rug was very helpful, and answered all of our questions.  I will use them again next year, and am looking forward to it.Ok they are no joke some serious pies. I was a little go F yourself when I noticed the price but daddy needed pizza and it was the best rated he could find near him.I would give 5 full stars but you lack a pepperoni pizza of any kind or even as a topping, salami is not pepperoni.Also till I try the buffalo mozzarella basil I consider you as lacking a plain cheese pizza.I tell you what though that fennel sausage with roaster red peppers and provolone was the shit. Edges were burnt pretty bad, but not too bad. The fist bite was like unexpected sex with all those juices and flavors rocking your buds. I had to step back at my surprise. And when I thought I could take no more I licked my fingers clean and the sea salt and oils were that last hidden treat from under the pie that just makes you twitch for a bit and relax so hard after all is done. You will eat this whole juicy pie and one juicy bite after another and lay back with those juices on your chin, hand and mouth and you will feel Seriously Pie Satisfied. Yes I feel like I paid for sex, and I plan to do it again.Happy hour is bomb. Space is limited so get there early.Memorably good pizza in the artsy vein, fast service, friendly staff. A typical Tom Douglas level of polish to the experience. More seating would be nice, and I always seem to end up loving the special pizzas most of all, and then can't get them again.yummy thin crust pizza!!very cool environment to catch up and have a beer with pizza. -kale salad with pine nuts and parmessan: kale had the proper rubbing which made it flexible and not stiff.  nice salad.-mushroom and truffle cheese pizza: definitely a get!!! mushrooms were cut thick, which was meaty and paired well with the truffle cheese.  i would prefer more toppings and less of the crust, but crust was thin and had a nice chew.  not overburnt as well.-margarita and mozzarella with basil: a somewhat dryer pizza, not too much tomato sauce with blobs of melted moz and fresh cut basil.service was friendly.  it was national coconut creame day, and instead of trying to boost up her average and sell for a $9 coconut cream pie, we were informed about dahlia bakery passing out pie samples! thank you! and yes the pies were delicious!!Great crust, unusual toppings and combinations makes for pizzas that are very good.   The beet salad is also worth checking out.   Very small restaurant though that doesn't take reservations.   Get there before 6:30 PM to avoid the wait although it would be worth it even if you had to.So good! I had the kale salad and the roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. Just too good! Worth every penny. Staff is friendly. We went on a recommendation from tourist info counter and I wish I had enough time to go and thank the girl for her suggestion. If you go to Seattle you MUST eat there!I could see myself eating here each time I visit Seattle. the simple fact that they callit pie & not pizza...well done. don't feel you need to get all the weird toppings: duck eggs, lobster, braised greens...keep it simple, the margarita is all that's needed to sell you on this top spot.Good pizzas, the variety and creativity is good. Crust is very well done. Three stars for service, everything is 4.Potato pizza...mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmSounds a bit spendy in general, but not bad for happy hour! 4 of us split 6 mini pizzas. We got to sample almost everything on the menu. My favorite was the mushroom and truffle, but they were all tasty. Very casual atmosphere. It's neat how you can see down from the loft where the seating is, into the kitchen where they prepare everything. I definitely want to go back and try the other half of the restaurant Serious Biscuit. The options there sound delicious!I'm in love.  I am very picky about my pizza, and like it way more cooked (blackened, in fact) than most people.  And I'm often not impressed with places that affect an Italian authenticity to their pies.  But I could weep with joy that I live within walking distance of this place.  We asked for our pizzas very well done and, well, they were perfection.  The front of house was real friendly and the place had a great cosy vibe.  If I (or rather my wife) could shave off a tiny fraction of stars, it would be that both the wines we tried were rather dry for our tastes.  Probably because we've spent so much time in California.  But there are more to try, perhaps we just picked wrong.  This is going to be a regular dinner haunt, for sure.Tried the truffle mushroom pizza, fresh ingredients, but salt was not uniformly distributed. So some slices were really salty and some had no salt.Soooo good!I can't visit Seattle without having my Serious Pie!  Been there for lunch and dinner, the service has always been great.The cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage is my favorite.I have been wanting to try this place for a while.  We were down at Pike's Place for the cheese festival and were looking for some more substantial grub so I suggested to our group of 5 that we head 3 blocks up the hill to Serious Pie.  It was about 2:00 so it wasn't busy at all and we were seated right away.We ordered 3 pizzas and a couple starters for the 5 of us.  Plus a full carafe of their house red.  Everything was perfect, awesome.  Lived up to the hype for sure.  Everyone agreed that the morel and pesto pie was the winner, but they were all good.  We also had the cherry bomb peppers with fennel sausage, and the special of the day which was proscuitto, onion and crushed red pepper.We really loved the feel and the vibe of this place and the service was great.  We hope to return soon!Serious Pie makes a seriously good pie!  Really enjoyed our sauage and sweet pepper pizza here.  Also ordered a great proscuitto and onion appetizer.  Great place for creative pizza - do not stop by if you are looking for pepperoni and cheese.  The gourmet topings and the sweet crust are the key ingredients here.  Truffles, sweet peppers, arugula and rare cheeses = yum.  The desserts looked temping, but the pizza was just too good and there was no room for dessert.  The restaurant itself was a bit cramped, but they do offer pizza for takeout.We've attempted to eat here many times, but crowds, parking and hype have kept us away. I dislike nontraditional pizzas and making pizzas too fancy, I was somewhat predisposed not to like the food here. Last weekend, in the mood for pizza we decided to finally eat at Serious Pie. We lucked out and found a prime parking spot. Had a 45 minute wait for a table but enjoyed a glass of wine at a nearby bar. I ordered the buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato pizza and must say it was delicious! My wife's Yukon Gold potato sounded interesting and was recently featured on the food network. While tasty, we booth agreed we enjoyed my pie more. The crust was about perfect, light, crisp and chewy all at the same time. Sauce on my pizza was also perfect, just the right combination of spices, sweetness and tomatoes. A little pricey at $16 per individual pie but in terms of eating pleasure, worth it. Our 2nd visit did not disappoint. The special pizza for the evening was mushrooms, roasted garlic and arugula, pretty good but again the buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato pizza was our preference. Bummer happy hour ends at 5pm?While this is not the best pizza I have ever had... (Apizza Scholls Portland, OR) it is some of the best in the city.I will say that this pizza is VERY good, and I will probably come back when I'm in the area.  We enjoyed a pizza with caramelized onions, sweet fennel venison sausage, and a special kind of goat cheese on an olive oil base.  The pizza was very good, and the dough was like an elephant ear that wasn't deep fried, or maybe a fluffier piece of naan.Next time I will probably go more traditional with a margarita pizza, but the specials are pretty impressive.  Skip the appetizers and get an additional pie!!!   1 pie is ALMOST enough for 2 people...Great for catching happy hour right before a flight.  Such a small place for such big flavors!  They can even call you on your cell while you're out shopping waiting for a table.  For happy hour, $5 mini pizzas.  We ordered 5 mini pizzas for just the 2 of us, but we managed to gorge almost all of them down except for 2 small slices.  Each pizza is quite big and packed with great flavors.  Would definitely visit again when we're back in Seattle.This place serves the BEST pizza I've had in my life.  It is so tasty.Serious Pie is a must-go-to when dining in Seattle. Delicious food, friendly and quick service and an inviting atmosphere.My favorite is the buffalo mozzarella pizza. It is so simple, yet so delicious! The most amazing "buttery" thin crust, perfect tomato sauce, bit of fresh mozzarella cheese and a a sprinkling of fresh basil. There must be a "secret sauce" they use in their pizza. It tastes like it is brushed with perhaps an amazing olive oil. It is bursting with flavor,  but at the same time because it isn't too dense, it doesn't feel too unhealthy.They always have new appetizers and it is fun to try their new inventions. Last night we had a delicious black kale salad, soaked in lemon juice, olive oil and garlic oil and served with some peppers and fresh parmesan. Yum!! The vibe inside the restaurant is welcoming, warm, dark and it is fun to share a table if you are a party of less than six. It is very affordable as well. We shared a salad and a pizza and it came to $25 for two.There is usually a wait if you go during prime dinner hours. But it is well worth the wait. Getting pizza to-go is a good option as well.I hereby confirm that, as of December 2009, Serious Pie is hands-down my favorite pizza joint in Seattle. You can put that on a notarized document and smoke it.I've investigated just about every worthy contender -- notably including two new spots that recently opened up in Ballard and points north -- but Serious Pie is where I want my mouth to be.Serious Pie's pizza isn't traditional. Most menu items feature ingredients typically foreign to pizza, such as potatoes. The cheeses run the gamut. The crust is remarkably great, but also unlike typical pizza crust you may be used to. My favorite three pizzas are the truffle cheese and mushroom; the margarita; the cherry bomb pepper.In general I am not a huge fan of Tom Dougas' restaurants. But Serious Pie is seriously great.Went here because of the Tom Douglas name...and it totally exceeded my expectations.  i was thinking, well...it's just pizza.  ughhh, NO.  we got the special pizza of the day; pesto, black trumpet mushrooms, roasted garlic and SALT.  it was hands down the best pizza i have EVER eaten.  and i've eaten, a lot, of pizza.  DEEEEEELISH.go there. NOW.This is my first trip to Seattle and on the first day, I book a food tour with Savor Seattle.  Basically they take you to different restaurants in downtown Seattle to sample some of their cuisine.  A Serious Pie was one of the stops, and so after the tour, I just had to make a return trip.After visiting Italy, I've become a pizza snob.  One of the best pizza I've had was one in Sienna, Italy.  It was a thin crust pizza with egg on top.  Since then, I've preferred thin crust pizza and haven't found any comparable pizza joints in the US.On the food tour, we sampled the margahrita and mushroon/truffle cheese pizza, both awesome.  After seeing the Guanciale & soft egg pizza on the menu, I had to get it .  My God what an awesome pizza.  The crust was thin yet airy.  Great texture.  The guanciale was tasty and the egg was a great touch.  Absolutely delicious.  I might have to order another pizza before I go home. This is pretty much one of the best pizzas I've had.DELICIOUS!  Yes, the pizza is on the pricey side (most are $16 and come with 8 slices), but the flavor combinations are worth it.  Crusts are thin, yet bubbly.  I love that they keep their pizzas simple (no more than 3 toppings per pizza), allowing you to really enjoy the ingredients they use.  The pizzas are on the small side and they are not very filling, but it be argued that this allows you the opportunity to try different pizzas.I went with a group of friends, so I got to try several of their pizzas.  Hard to say which is the standout favorite out of the 4 different pizzas that we had, but I would have to say that the cherry bomb peppers with sweet fennel sausage and the roasted yellowfoot mushrooms and truffle cheese are top competitors.The downers: (1) the pizzas come out fast, but service is lacking personality- the servers are literally like drones...just there to take orders.  (2) seating is extremely limited and there is basically no waiting area.  (3) depending on how the pizza is positioned while it's baking, you could end up with just a corner piece slightly burnt or the crust on half of he pizza can be burnt.I don't get what the fuss is about. The pizza is solid. Very thin crust, interesting presentation, odd-but good-topping choices. But the space itself is somewhat unpleasant. The wait is always extraordinarily long--1hr+--and they don't accept called in reservations.All in all, I've had better pizza-though it is in the upper quarter, maybe better in Seattle-but not much else recommends the place, unless you like the wait.One of the few reasons to go to Seattle and experience, or should I say, try to avoid the many "scents" that linger in the summer time *anyone sell hardcore deodorant there or wut?*Fancy pizza with a rustic toast in the brick oven, and most importantly, chewy, yet crispy crust... you know what I'm talking about. West Coast Lombardi's??? Wouldn't go that far, but worth going back to Seattle for.What was ordered:1 buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato 1 yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino 1 cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage1 guanciale, soft egg, arugula1 san felice vin santo del chianti classicoOut of that list:Must order: buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato (soooo good) and cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage (soooo delicious)So-so order: The other threeNO order: all was good in the hood... Seattle hood that isYum! ....and then more Yum!Wow! yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino & roasted mushrooms, truffle cheese pies are unique, different and delicious.  The much talked about buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato pie was so so. I agree with a previous reviewer that the pie does look and taste like Naan bread w/ topping. I can easily eat 3 -4 of those damn mini pies so expect a bill of $30 per person. Service was good- fast and courteous.My cousin recommended this place to my girlfriend and I last night. She said their clam pizza is amazing. We were hesitant at first, especially me because I hate clams, but surprisingly the pizza was delicious!The only cons about this place was the pricing for the pizza (one clam pizza was $18.70 after tax), how crowded and small it was. My cousin always advised us that the place is ALWAYS crowded, and that people will wait for over an hour.. yet when I really think about it I can see why.The place serves up delicious, gourmet pizzas and I wouldn't mind going back for another, but it'll probably have to be to-go.I came here as part of my cousin's bachelorette party in a group of 5. We waited about 25 min during lunch time on a Saturday, but we didn't really think it was that bad.At first I didn't even know this place service pizza. I asked my cousin if they served pot pies! Anyway, the atmosphere is such a fun environment that I would go back again. Although you have to share your table with people you don't know, it didn't seem awkward like you were able to hear other people's conversations. The restaurant gave my cousin a few dessert wine, which was thoughtful of them. Our waitress was definitely having a really long day and was covering a lot of the restaurant. It seemed like they were a bit understaffed because she was running around a lot and wasn't friendly in the slightest.Everything we tried was really good. We had the following pizzas:  1) yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino: Unique and best tasting2) penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme: unique, but a bit too fishy from the clams in certain bites3) chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese: a little too heavy, but different4) sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers: the most common flavors, but still deliciousThe crust was superb and I would definitely come back again!So apparently Douglas is to Seattle what Starr is to Philly, so I had to try at least one of his restaurants while I was in town. After reading reviews on Yelp and talking to some "locals," I decided Serious Pie was going to be my Douglas Seattle experience.My husband and I arrived fairly early (5:30ish) on a Monday night and were seated immediately at a private table toward the back. The staff was super friendly and attentive. We ordered the braised octopus appetizer (good), fennel sausage (hubs) and chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese (me). Yes, I went with Tyler Florence's suggestion and he was dead on. My pizza was amazing.Serious Pie's pizza is thin crust and there's a lot of it. When the server brought my pizza out I knew I was taking half home. Then I started eating it and realized it would never be as good the second day. I totally housed it - the whole damn thing!!!No room for dessert. I was in a total pizza coma and loved it!I was skeptical about this place as I've heard mixed reviews, including reviews from other pizza place owners. I had lunch here with my boss and I was presently surprised. Crust was delicious and light and the toppings were amazing! Our waiter was knowledgeable about the drink list as well as the foods which added to the pleasant experience. The only downside is the seating. I felt like I was in a German pub back in the old country. I had to sit next to strangers, which made having a private conversation virtually impossible.This place has amazing pizza. The atmosphere is good. It does a take on what other places are doing which is having the longer tables that people share so more people can interact. I like that in a sense. If I were rating them on their pizza alone they would get 5 stars. However, there were a few downfalls about the establishment in general. Too small. For how much business they generate they are quite a small  place.Too busy. Each time I've come I've definitely had to wait a significant amount of time. Which pretty much ties into my point before that they're too big for their venue. But the truth of the matter is, I'll still go even if I have to wait. But I've ordered to go a few times because the wait was outrageous. My cousin is a vegetarian so when she ordered the "guanciale, soft egg, wild arugula*" I was quite put back by soft egg on my pizza. but honestly its the most amazing thing. I get it EVERY time I go to serious pie now.When people talk about brick oven pizza, I honestly say .. "Have you tried Serious Pie?" Haha.~fancy pizza~They put enough ingredients to fill the pizza, but not enough to make you jump off the seat when you look at it. Part of being fancy I guess.  Not saying there's anything bad about it: crust was thin and crunch, and you can taste every ingredient that's in the pie. It's not the kinda pie that I would want when I have cravings for pizza.I've been on a truffle food quest and since Tyler said this is the best, so I have to try the Chanterelle Mushroom and Truffle Cheese pizza. It was as good as he said, and their other pizzas were pretty creative and delicious too. Service was only ok, it's a really small restaurant so there isn't much elbow room. They don't seat you unless all the party members are there, so the table you could've had would likely be taken.Honestly, some of the best tasting pizza ever! Awesome crust, not over bearing sauce, great herb use. Awesome! However, way over priced and no re-fills on the sodas which they charge 3 dollars for when it comes from a can!It was a wonderful experience besides the slow service, but the pizza is really worth it, it was a fun experience but I probably won't go back. Maybe for the take out.It's been a week since I got back from Seattle, and I'm still thinking about the roasted chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza which has officially de-throned my favorite pizza in SF @ Zero Zero. Hard to get the earthy, tasty goodness of the pizza out of my mind. The crust is perfectly crisp yet still retaining a nice chew and some elasticity (yes, odd word to describe pizza) with just the right amount of char.We also tried the special of the evening, a lamb sausage pizza, which was okay, but the greens and lemon vinaigrette was far too tar and a bit overbearing. However, I won't deduct a star as the other pizza was just soooo darn good.Yea the wait times are a bit much as the place is uber small, but well worth it, especially considering it was right down the street from our hotel. I'll definitely be back!Oh. My. Luckiness. We just happened to be staying at the Westin Seattle and pushed the "around me" app to tell us what was nearby. We arrived late (around 8:30pm) and were hun-gry. The app told us, as we walked, that Serious Pie was a block away. I quickled Yelped it (as all good Yelpers do), and lo and behold, the hidden oyster of Serious Pie was in front of us (or below us I guess, since it's beneath sidewalk).Luckiness was on our side that night. Apparently there was a line out the door all night. The owner was the chef. We got a table right away. We had nice tablemates. And our wine + buffalo mozzarella pizza was out of this world. Definitely big enough (and pricy enough) to split, which is what we did. I am SO glad we stumbled on Serious Pie, because we will definitely be back upon our future return to the Emerald City. (another dish that looked amazing was the potatoes + pecorino pizza, but we were too full for a 2nd).Huh? What? Speak up! My only complaint about Serious Pie is that it is really loud in there. It's a small, cozy space and I do like the ambiance, just not the noise level when it's packed.We had the margarita and the pulled pork pizzas. YUMMY. I also had the baby lettuces, radish, moscatel vinaigrette salad and it was the best "house" type salad I have ever had! Perfectly salty with fluffy greens and cheese sprinkled on top.Oh, one more complaint. I looked at the happy hour menu and it's only from 3-5pm. Not cool.This maybe the best pizza I've ever had in my life. It's small so order generously!Awesome pizza!!!!   This was our first restaurant stop in Seattle, and boy were we thrilled!  I ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and my husband ordered the clam with pancetta pizza!  We devoured both!!  The pizzas are twice baked. First the crust goes in by itself to get a nice crispy crunch all over. Then the toppings are placed and the entire pizza is put back in to melt/cook the toppings. The result is perfection! The restaurant is cozy and welcoming. Be ready to sit with strangers because the restaurant is set up with long bar style tables for sitting multiple people. Not a problem though!  We sat with 2 older couples who were also from out of town and struck up a good convo.I had heard a lot about this place and it took me a while to get there but it was well worth it. I went with a group of 6 and got 7 pizzas to share. We enjoyed them all. The overall favorite was the goat cheese special but I loved the meat special.Hands down, the BEST pizza I have EVER tasted in my whole entire life.We came here to try the 'Best Pizza' that Tom Douglas (from the food network) had ever had, aka the 'mushroom' pizza. At first we didn't want to order the 'mushroom' pizza, because it sounded well, boring. But the FANTASTIC waitress we had talked us into it, and boy am I glad she did!From the first moment I sank my teeth into the pizza it was...good.  Then my second slice, it was even better. By slice 4, I was sad I didn't have anymore, and I couldn't' stop saying, 'WOW. This is Delicious!'I wish Seattle was closer to Vancouver, because I would come here weekly for their pizza. I'm seriously considering coming down for lunch one day...just for the pizza.Oh, and the Kale Salad is a MUST!! It's De-lish. I almost enjoyed it even more than the pizza.... no joke.Serious Pie lives up to its reputation for being crowded and tasty. The pizza is neapolitan style, but doesn't try to imitate either that style or NYC pizza crust. The crust is unique -- crusty on the outside, aery on the inside. We had the clam and prosciutto pizza and the ingredients were fresh and local.Try dining there at 11:00 AM when the restaurant opens. Otherwise wait to sit at communal tables. The wait is worth it, though, based on our experience.When I was visiting Seattle last year I took a food tour (Gourmet Seattle) and was introduced to this wonderful place, met the owner, and had the opportunity to sample a couple of their signature pies.  My opinion of all other pizzas has been changed forever.After the tour concluded and we wandered around downtown for a few hours, my companion and I decided that dinner at Serious Pie was a must.  We ordered the chantarelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza, a carafe of cabernet sauvignon, plus espresso and a cannoli for dessert.  First, the pizza...I don't even like mushrooms-I hate them actually- but this is still the best pizza I've ever had.  I voluntarily ordered a pizza covered in fungi, (a yet to be repeated experience) because it truly is that good.  Forget what you think you know about pizza, toppings, etc.  Serious Pie just does it all better.  The wine was great, the espresso was delicious, and the cannoli was good.  I can't find a fault with their food at all.The service is pretty incredible too.  They were packed (a normal occurrence from what I understand) but we were immediately greeted by a friendly hostess.  We only waited about ten minutes and were seated at a large table against the interior wall.  The server was prompt but not pushy, made suggestions, and never let our water glasses empty.  Unlike some other reviewers, I really liked that the tables seated multiple parties.  I may have been less entertained by the idea if the quality of our service waned, but it was never interrupted. Even as other couples filled the empty spots at our table, we were never ignored or forgotten.  I can find no fault with Serious Pie (aside from their distance from my current location) and I will absolutely return there when again I am in Washington.Great pizza. Not the typical greasy stuff. If you love good, fresh ingredients I highly recommend!Came here for lunch. It was good, but not amazing. Be prepared that if you are a party less than 6 you might be sharing a big table with other diners. I had the cheese pizza and my friend had a special pizza which she quite liked.love the food here, not your average pitza place.The reason why I give this place a 5 star is because the pizza still tasted realllllly good the next day! Hahaha, I think it's the water that makes the crust stay moist and chewy.   I'm from LA and the water isn't as good here, but I think that's what made a huge difference between the famous pie restaurants here.  The kale salad was fresh and yummy, too!Hate 2 swim against the prevailing current here but, "Eh...I've had better." is only 1/2 the story. $45.00 for 2 pizzas (enough for 2 people) + table water + tax and tip = serious FLEECING! Yes. This is much better pizza than Pagliacci but WOW! I never thought I'd live long enough to spend that much on such humble fare outside of Monte Carlo. I shudder to think that 2 glasses of wine would have brought our pizza dinner up closer to $85.00 Only the 1% need darken their doorway.Stayed in town for 2 nights and one of the nights I was craving for pizza. Came across this place called serious pie and boy it was serious. The Yukon gold potatoes pizza is probably one of the best pizza I've ever had. I'm the type of guy that typically won't eat the crust of the pizza but serious pie made it right. I killed the entire pie and had a root beer with it.  Their on tap root beer was really good and rich in flavor as well.  This is a place i would go back to if I go back around the area.Chroma SalonspaWhat a fantastic salon Chroma is,after a long day of travel I stopped in to unwind.What I call the business stress relief was given by Shannon Jones. Starting with a head massage which was terriffic we the moved on to a shampoo and dry.I then had a fantastic massage by Nick Alba, to say Nick can loosen you up is an understatement, he gave me one of the best massages I have had and I have had hundreds.The atmosphere is very calm and relaxing and the staff is first rate. Give it a try, you will happy you did. Located at 1015 1st, in Seattle it is attached to the Alexis Hotel.,My go-to pizza when I'm in the area.I was hesitant to eat here on a Friday afternoon on a lunch break from work, because I had heard the place was very popular. It was a pleasant surprise that the place was busy, but immediately had a table for three available. We took the table and each ordered our own pizza- I got a soft boiled egg pizza with coppa, garlicky spinach (their words, not mine) and fresh parmesan grated over after the pizza was cooked (baked?). We only had to wait about 10-15 minutes to get our pizzas. My pizza was extremely flavorful, and the flavors of the egg and coppa were contrasted by the bitter spinach and garlic and the parmesan was grated so thin it basically dissolved once you ate it. That Tom Douglas guy knows what he is doing, I guess. Not a fan of paying 17 dollars for a personal pizza, although people with self-control may be able to split one with a friend. Best pizza I've had in Seattle, and one of the most uniquely-topped pizzas ever.Considering I have now found many people in my area DYING to try this...My brother and I just had a mishap and ended up in this area of Seattle driving a semi...Well there wasn't too many places that the truck driver brother was willing to go, but Pizza was on his list of, "sure I will try that"...So anyway we headed on over, not knowing what we were getting ourselves into...Mr. Picky would only eat One of the types of Pizza's so we got that and shared it...he thinking he was going to hate it...Well guess what, turned out to be one of the best pizza's we have ever eaten...and that is a LOT of pizza, considering he only eats, Pizza, Beer, Hot dogs, Hamburgers and steaks...of which only I really like Pizza, so together we always end up at a pizza place...And I am Happy we stumbled upon Serious Pie, that I guess everyone in their right mind is aware of!Best Pizza I've ever eaten.I've been here 2-3 times for lunch.  The pies have always been perfectly baked, and made with a delicious crust and high quality, interesting toppings.  If pizza was healthier, I'd be a regular customer.The pizzas we had were over salted.  I feel expensive pies shouldn't have that kind of a mistake on it.Their pizza serves only one person which is very convenient. Everyone can get their favorite without having to discussing and deciding the best combination.Best pizza I have ever tasted, hands down.So my boyfriend still says he'll take back to Seattle just for this pizza. This is one of the best decisions we made while dining in Seattle! I read a review by Tyler Florence because this is one of the best meals he ever had. What more did I need? We got the margherita pizza and the truffle pizza. I think they are the best pizzas I have ever had! Just try them, they're amazing! We also got a cider and a Riesling and both were also good. I recommend this place to anyone going to Seattle or who hasn't been there.My family and I are picky eaters but we had to try something different while visiting Seattle. The reviews lead us here and WOW, it blew me away!At first I was scared to try the Home Made Strawberry Shrub hearing it had vinegar in it, but if you like sour lemonade then this just might be your drink. Loved it!The root beer is on tap and is authentic tasting, better than anything we've gotten elsewhere. Then comes the pizza... Pure greatness to my taste buds! I shared the "Sweet Fennel Sausage Roasted Peppers Provolone" with the wife, and it was the right choice. The server noticed our delight and shared their process to make it, 3 days to make the dough and importing the cheeses and other ingredients. I love this place and highly recommend it!Tom Douglas does it again.Solid pies.Serious Pie is a great restaurant. The seating is long hightop tables that many different parties can sit at. Very, "community" like. The pizza is delicious. Thin crust, usually burnt, which the best kind of crust, and delicious topping to finish it off. Anytime we have guests visiting we visit Serious Pie.It's a specific kind of pizza, and if you're in the mood for it there's nothing better: thin, crisp crust, sparing and super fancy ingredients, drizzled with oil and spices and rock salt, VERY expensive ($15-18 for a pie that is just slightly too much for one person, not nearly enough for two). The seasonal pizzas are always interesting, and the permanent ones (potato; sausage & peppers; buffalo mozzarella) are dependably delicious. Once you've had them, you'll crave them.The starters aren't great -- they tend to be overly intense (too sour if they're sour, too salty if they're salty, too many flavors mixed together) and microscopically small. A "salad' might be two bites, a $15 "meat plate" might have two slices of meat. Definitely not for sharing.Fair warning, however, both the downtown and SLU locations are small and INCREDIBLY busy, and you can look forward to a long wait just about every day, around the clock. There's no "oh, we'll eat early and beat the crowd," because a zillion other people had the same thought. Don't even THINK about going with a group. You'll also be knocking elbows with strangers as you eat at the shared bench tables and talking loudly over each other. Not a comfortable place, especially considering it's $25+ a person for a pie and a drink.So why is this rating 4 stars? The damn pizzas really are that good.Great Pizza, with topping that I would have never thought of!Serious Pie's name is far better than anything else about it. There's not much to be said for the place. I mean, okay, maybe that's harsh. It's kind of a neat place to go once in awhile (when you feeling like dropping $16 bucks on a small gourmet pizza) but it's not spectacular. I've been twice and unfortunately, despite the delicious SOUND of it, the chanterelle mishroom/truffle oil pizza was disappointing both times. On my second trip we also had a squash pizza with whole garlic cloves, and that was nice for sure. I also think the crust is too salty. On one visit we had a tasty beet salad, but that was missing from the menu this time -- out of season?It does have nice atmosphere - I like the high chairs and communal tables. Sorry dudes -- this review, like the mushroom/truffle pizza, is disappointing.Seattle has some good pizza. If I were to take someone on a tour of the best pizza places in Seattle Serious Pie would be on that tour.The pizzas are unique and have high quality ingredients in them. The atmosphere is classy but is more casual than the finer restaurants in town.Though its not on the menu you can order the coconut cream pie from the Dahlia Lounge.The only negatives are the long wait times (no reservations) and sometimes the pizzas can be a bit oily.How can pizza be unique?  Serious Pie has found the answer with it's uncommon topping choices that include: cherry bomb peppers, guanciale, soft egg, and arugula.  And to top it off, their crust is delicious and crispy.  HiGHLY Recommend!!Holy mackeral, this was great pizza. I wish I could remember the toppings, but the crust was to-die-for!!Great, helpful staff and lovely ambience.One word - Yum.I have a bad track record with Tom Douglas restaurants - my parents took me to Dahlia Lounge for my 17th birthday (per my request) and the experience was awful. I've been jaded and reluctant to try a Tom Douglas establishment ever since.I visited Serious Pie twice in one weekend - on a Friday night with friends and again in Sunday afternoon with my folks (they're hard to please, so when I find a place that they'll enjoy and appreciate I feel the need to share it ASAP). Neither trip disappointed.The dining room is a little warm - but both of my trips  coincided with the warmest week in the history of Seattle, so perhaps the temperature is usually much cooler. Aside from the dining room temp I can't thin k of a single thing to complain about.The starters are delish - I recommend the sharlyn melon with speck and basil.  Especially  for the recent warm temps - it is the perfect hot weather, cool and refreshing start to a meal.The pizzas are amazing (while I've heard bad thing s about burnt crusts -- I have absolutely no complaints). The porcini and egg pie is awesome and the clam and pancetta pie is out of this world. I don't know if I will ever look at pizza the same way.Also  the service was great on both trips - Friday night the dining room was packed and our server still made us feel like we mattered. Sunday we received  our servers undivided attention.Two thumbs up, Serious Pie! You are making me re-think my views on Tom Douglas establishments. I don't know that I will visit again for my birthday next week, but this year it will be because I've already visited twice this month, and not because I think  you suck.When we first visited this amazing "pizza" joint (a few years ago) I had the special (hot sopressata, balsamic base, and something else).  I wish they had kept it on their main menu.  Nevertheless, we keep going back.  At one point we were eating at Serious Pie at least twice a month.  The reason I put pizza in quotes is that this place is not like other pizza restaurants.  If you want a traditional pie, this is not the place to go (try tutta bella).  But if you want something different and tasty, you'll love Serious Pie.  Our favorites:  truffle cheese, penn cove clams, and guanciale w/ egg.As for Tom's other restaurants...eh.  Dahlia is overpriced "pacific northwest" cuisine (desserts are decent and atmosphere is nice).  Lola is overpriced mediterranian.  Palace Kitchen, just sucks.I try the pizza just about everywhere I go and this is one of the best I've had.  I was unaware of the hype going in so I wasn't influenced by it. A better atmosphere and more space and they would have gotten 5 stars out of me.So, we were really excited to check out Tom Douglas's new Pizza restaurant.  I have heard quite a bit about it, and finally got a chance to try it out.  Unfortunately it didn't quite live up to our expectations. The salumi pizza was good, but not amazing. We also ordered the peach and burratta salad. Delicious, but $9 for half a peach and a sprinkling of cheese!? come on! We went back again for the new happy hour menu with $5 personalized pizzas, and it was okay. The pizzas are definitely small without too much going on in terms of toppings. It was mostly crust....The Italian winter soup was hearty and hit the spot though. We also enjoyed the Mexican Coke that is made with cane sugar :) yum! Overall, pretty good pizza but nothing to write home about!The place was crowded and after an hour wait we were seated with three others at one table. A little awkward at first but we got along focusing on our own business: FOOD.The pizza wasn't THE BEST pizza I've ever tasted, but it was light and crisp and didn't leave you feeling sick and regretful like most pizzas in this world. Worth the wait...yeah I'd say so if you are a big fan of Top Chef, otherwise pretty overpriced pie. Go there once for the experience, but we probably won't be returning.As far as pizza goes...  not your normal pepperoni pie, but fabulous flavors, multiple options, and totally different from anything I've ever had in the way of pizza.  Can't wait to hit Seattle again to go to Serious Pie.  A really enjoyable experience.Just be prepared to wait...My friend and I tried this place due to the recommendation by Food Network. The pizza was "seriously" delicious!!! In fact, it was so good we had 2 pizzas. We could not help ourselves but to swallow pieces whole. I can't remember what I had to drink but it was good too!! I believe just about anything you order will be superb!!! The only downside to this place is that it's really small....so seating is limited. If you go during a busy time, you'll definitely be waiting but just remember it will be well worth it.So first of all: this is a Tom Douglas restaurant. To me, that means that it will add a degree of "fanciness" to whatever it does. But that can be good -- why not? This pizza is expensive (for pizza) and smaller than a typical pizza. But that's fine, because the pizza is delicious. I have eaten in here about three times, and I have ordered takeout countless times whenever I want a good meal. One pizza, despite costing $17, feeds a single person.Honestly, I have ordered many of their pizzas, but my favorite is still the simple "buffalo mozzarella" which is their variant of a cheese pizza. The ingredients are just so great.The one issue with eating here, though, is that they don't take reservations and are constantly crowded, so be prepared for a wait. I'm honestly not sure why the Tom Douglas restaurants don't typically do reservations, but they really should start.Great job naming the restaurant - its a SERIOUS pie...seriously. I've only had the yellowfoot chanterelle, truffle cheese pizza. It was SO good the first time I tried it, I couldn't help but order it again when I returned to Serious Pie a few nights ago. It's delicious, SERIOUSLY. If you're a fan of truffle oil, there's no going wrong with this pizza!The pizza's here are a bit more like flatbread. I don't think the pies are big enough to share one across two people, but I definitely recommend ordering a few pizzas within your party and sharing. I've had a slice of a Squash/Goat Cheese pizza - also DELICIOUS. The squash is a bit sweet, but this is countered with the salty flavor added to the crust. Each pie comes with 6 slices...about 4 should fill you up. The decor is casual here, and you can see into the attached kitchen (may be shared with Dahlia?). Seating is community style, so they may seat you in the middle of a couple parties. I'm SURE this can get awkward...but fortunately, I haven't had an weird experiences with this. In fact, during my first visit, the party seated next to us was very friendly and fun. We all ended up chatting throughout dinner!A few tips:- No reservations. Wait times can vary, but expect it to be long.(Was an HOUR the first time i went...but no wait the second time - both were Wednesday nights 7:30p). - Community Seating - be warned...can get weird. - Only serve Beer and Mexican coca cola (no diet version...made with real sugar)- Parking is tough...but this goes for all Seattle's DowntownOverall: You can TASTE the high quality of the pizza's at Serious Pie. I highly recommend it if you're in Seattle. It's awesome...seriously!We went to get dinner at Serious Pie on a Sunday night and the place was a mad house--every chair was filled and standing room was only available outside the front door! Granted that this place is pretty small, I think that it still speaks volumes about the popularity of the non-traditional pizza toppings you're offered at Serious Pie. This is a Tom Douglas restaurant, which gives it a special status all its own because Douglas is an amazing chef and one of the pioneers of Pacific Northwestern, or "Pacific Rim," culinary excellence and taste. Douglas also runs the Dhalia Lounge, the Dhalia Bakery, Lola, and Etta's (see my review about this amazing seafood restaurant). Although I have not gone to the first three Douglas restaurants I list above, I have been told that they are among the best in Seattle.Something to note: while waiting outside, you can count on one or more encounters with homeless persons because the alley right next to the restaurant is where many of them seem to have made home. At no point did my wife or I feel uncomfortable, but it can be kind of annoying when they begin to hound you for money.Once inside Serious Pie, you get a noseful of wood-fired pizza crust aroma and an earful of chatter. One of the many unique features of Serious Pie is that you sit at long tables shared with other patrons, which was great for us because we got a chance to interact with some Seattle natives. The space is really small, so expect to brush elbows with everyone around you and every one of the waiters. Don't be put off by this fact because this is what gives this place half of its charm.The pizza here is stellar. Many other yelpers complain about the crust being too oily, but I think that it is great because it is a very light olive oil and helps for some finishing salts to stick to the dough. The combination of the wood fired cooking, oil and salts makes for a supreme crust and crisp flavor. The toppings are different and they offer one a chance to explore completely different flavor combinations--like the lemon, olive and dried Japanese chili pizza. Yes, the pizza literally has slices of lemon on it, which contrary to what you may be thinking, make the pizza 10 times tastier than any pineapple and Canadian bacon you've ever had. The lemon slices bake and are softened, and because they are baked, they lose their acidity.I also tried the "safest" pizza on the menu--the brussel sprouts, pancetta and buffalo mozzarella. Although the flavors totally worked together, it doesn't really go too far out of the box for those of us looking for something totally different. But don't underestimate the tastiness of this pizza. The brussel sprouts and pancetta go great together and offer a hardy, enjoyable meal.Note that the menu does seem to change, as we went to Serious Pie with some pizzas in mind that we had read about on other Yelp reviews, but we didn't find any of them. Rather, we found some versions of them, where one or more ingredients had changed, but the overall idea of the pizza stayed the same. My guess is that the ingredients used change because of the seasonality for each ingredient.After hearing about their chanterelle pizza in "Best Thing I Ever Ate" I just had to have it!Sunchoke starter was very good, nice texture of the sunchokes combined with onion and other goodies was just enough to wake the taste buds.Pizza was absolutely top notch! Very good thin and flavorful crust with excellent texture and bite-feel to it. Just the right amount of toppings. Panna cotta was quite good but the blood orange syrup is was served with really crowned this traditional dish.Cannoli were good also, nice flaky texture, not too hard. Nice filing with generous chocolate pieces in it fit it well.Now I need to go back for the rest of the pizzas.Arguably some of the best pizza I've ever had, but a few things prevent me from giving it a complete 5-star rating. The food is not responsible for the minus 1-star rating, but the dining experience is.Let's begin with the food. Incredible ingredients (fresh local produce and house-cured meats) create a pizza experience like no other. I have had the pleasure of enjoying several of the pizzas, however the Yukon Gold Potato is my favorite. You really can't go wrong with any of them, but my personal preference makes me favor this one the most. In addition to the pizzas, the starters are fantastic. It seems like this menu changes with the season based on what fruit and vegetables are best at that point in time. I have never been disappointed with any of the starters and I feel they are all fantastic.Now for the non-amazing aspects of Serious Pie. The decor of both restaurants is great. However, the cafeteria, family-style vibe of the table seating is kind of annoying. There are long high-tables that seat 6 throughout the restaurant. Thus, if you have a party of 3, the third in the party will be sitting across from a complete stranger. I feel this style of seating negates from the overall experience. If you want to have a private conversation over some pizza, you might be better off eating in a booth at Pizza Hut (surprisingly private!).Overall, fantastic pizza. Tom Douglas does it again.This review is for Serious Pie's Happy HourThis is an easy four stars.  I was here around March 10, 2011 for a weekday happy hour.  Small pies were $5, draft beers were $3.  Pros:  The pizza was great, the crust chewy and nicely charred.  My non-exclusive secret paramour (NESP) and I shared a high table with two women (who were there separately) that for some reason my NESP found interesting, so that was positive.  The wait staff was very friendly and helpful, and we had a view of the pizza kitchen from our seats.  Cons: it's not a huge space, you may be asked to share a table.  I liked some of the pizzas better than others.  Maybe some of them were just a tiny bit too salty.Here's what we got and here's what I thought (pizzas rated from best to worst):1.  sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone - the sausage was delicious and added just the right balance to the acidity of the sauce and the sharpness of the provolone.  I loved this pizza - if you're studying philosophy and struggling to get your head around Plato's concept of ideal forms, eat this pizza and you will be enlightened.2. buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato - delicious, very bright tasting, a little sweet but not too sweet.  3. penn cove clam, house pancetta, lemon thyme - this was delicious but it got a little heavy and salty for me after the first piece. My NESP liked it far more than I did.4.  mushroom pizza (not the one on their regular menu I don't think) - tis was also a little salty and heavy for me, and the fresh mushroom flavor was a little overpowered by the truffle oil flavor.  Still good though. 5.  guanciale, soft egg, arugula - this pizza was fine, but not greater than the some of its parts. * eating undercooked eggs may increase risk of food borne illnessOne of the better places for pizza on the west coast, perfect crust, glutenous but not overworked dough, light and airy with huge blisters  all over the crust, great caramelization, a smidge heavy on the salt in the dough itself, but it helps brings out the flavors in the most cruicial component of any great pizza. Pizza's are topped with premium ingredients that are fresh, combinations of delicate, well thought out and well balanced flavors.Every pizza I have had in this establishment has been of outstanding quality. Potato rosemary, guanciale and egg, clam and pancetta, chanterelle and truffle cheese.I've made numerous 3hr+ drives to eat here, definitely worth the journey.Being serious pizza sluts, we visited twice on a weekend visit to Seattle. While the crust is the best the other ingredients are all wonderful and combine for a terrific pie.It's no secret that they dish out some outrageously delicious and unique pizza at Serious Pie - interesting toppings, good thin crust, and a terrific mix of flavors. I'll admit that I'm somewhat amazed at being able to find guanciale and duck confit on a pizza, but...dreams do come true. And the root beer float is a little bit of heaven in a glass. Yum.While I love the pizza, there are a few minor bugaboos with Serious Pie that keep me from being 5-star thrilled. Like all the other Tom Douglas spots, they don't take reservations, so the wait for a table can be ridiculously long when things get busy. Also, the prices are on the high side, while the servings are on the small side, which can equal a hefty bill if you like to put away the grub...and I do. Also, the location makes for challenging parking. Other than those caveats, Serious Pie is the place to go if you'e downtown and want to enjoy some pizza magic.And yes, duck confit. On a pizza. Woot.Was staying at Hotel Andra, above Lola, and they offered room service from Serious Pie.  Had the sweet fennel sausage and peppers pie.Crust?  Chewy while still nicely crisped.  A little over done in a few spots, but not badly burned -- gave the pizza some interesting flavor.  Sauce?  Nice and chunky, a bit sweet but in a way I really enjoyed with the sausage.  Toppings?  Perfectly prepared -- nice big chunks of sausage, Soft yet still a bit of a crunch on the peppers (and maybe a little onion?).  Delivered to my room with a beer?  Awesome sauce.I was in Napoli, Italy a few months ago eating in the birthplace of pie.  We ate at L'antica Pizzeria Da Michele, and it was real italian margherita pizza.   This was on par with that pizza in my level of enjoyment.  Kudos, Mr. Douglas.Some of the best pizza you will get in Seattle of it's kind.  New York, it's not!  New Jersey either!  But for Seattle pizza it is just great!Go for lunch, the dinner wait is about forty minutes!I love this place!  I was definitely a fan of the pizza, very good tasty pizza.  I would recommend if you're "hungry" to get a whole pizza for yourself.  The wait staff is nice, and the restaurant is super clean. The only oddity is the seating arrangement.  We (a friend and me) ended up sitting at the end of a table where another family was already sitting.  Tables seat 6, and they sit you with others at a table if there's room.  A little awkward at first, but you'll get over it. I'd love to go back here, and try more of their pizzas.Pie pie and more pie. Went there on my birthday, but didn't buy a savory pie because they were all hot and I wanted it for later. Hubby got the three berry personal pie...a yummy tasting one. They have small and big pies...very little sitting...more a take and go.  Can't wait to go againoh my yummy!!  their crust reminds me of of pizza-frit that i used to get on the east coast at fairs and carnivals. . . but their toppings!!!!!!!!!  their toppings are top-notch, eclectic mixes of unusual combos that are an epicurean's delight! the line will be long, it's a small place. . . but GO!I'll be brief. Had the buffalo mozzarella pie, was way too small, had roughly 3 pieces of mozzarella for 8 slices. Did I mention the pie was grossly overpriced? Sorry but the quality doesn't match the price here folks, wouldn't return.Tasty pizza, but man is it pretentious.  Plus, not a huge selection of pizzasAwesome Pizzas.. Wow! The Sweet Fennel Sausage is awesome.. try their day's specials too.. awesome place for some awesome pizzas..!This place is a South Lake Union favorite. I went here and had some of the best pizza of my life! Also, the serious biscuit on the main floor is a great breakfast date spot.Great pie but hard to get a table.I was disappointed after all the hype about this place.  The eating area is so small and they really pack you in there.  Expect to share a table with people that you dont know.  The Pizza is just not my style.  I like a big cheesy pizza with pepperoni and grease that drips off it when you fold it in half.  This pizza is more of a fancy pants pizza and bring your magnifying glass if you want to find the cheese.  I was still hungry when I left. Just wasnt for me.  On the flip side, my beautiful girlfriend that I went with really enjoyed it.  Her positive review would probably off set my negative review.  A lot of people like this place, but I am not one of them.Dude. So good.Seriously awesome pizza! Totally loved it. Great place. Small cozy place :) I am vegetarian and they have great fresh basil pizza on which I added toppings as tomatoes and peppers.Have dined here about once a year since it opened. Love the tucked away feeling. Love the seating style. The food and service are great.  Wish the bathrooms didn't open onto the dining room. Appetizers are sort of overpriced. I'd go back anyway for the pizza.Loved this place....A little pricey but you definitly get to try some new and exciting pizzas!I don't consider myself a foodie, but rather just like to eat food that taste great. Serious pie has incredible pizza. Don't go in here thinking you are getting a New York slice. Not the same. Each pizza has locally sourced ingredients that are combined perfectly. The crust is soft yet crispy, not to mention they have an incredible coconut cream pie. I'm a Texan and this is my favorite southern dessert and, well, they knocked it out of the park. So good!Yep, it's pretty pricey. And yes, the waits can be crushing depending on when you come.  But there just aren't a lot of great pizza options in Seattle, and this is one of the best.  Serious Pie and Delancey both merit a trip if you've got a craving for artisan pizza.  I've been here several times now, and in addition to the always delicious pizza, I am also really impressed by the service.  It's always absolutely hopping, and yet the service is incredibly prompt and friendly.  You may wait awhile to get a table, but from there the food comes out fast.The only reason I'm giving it four stars are the prices...it's really good, but it's hard to feel completely satisfied at the price point.  If it were just a little less, I'd come here more...but given the constant traffic, they don't seem to have trouble getting people to pay what they're asking!I keep wanting to like Tom Douglas restaurants from the rave reviews they get on yelp, but it just isn't happening for me.  The pizza is fine, had the mushroom/truffle one.  Crust was good, cheese was good, but it even tastes like it is just trying too hard.  I don't even mind paying $20 for a small personal size pizza if it is really good, but these just aren't.  They taste fine.  Not great, just ok.  Had to check the block and give it a try but I won't be going back.A lot more expensive than I was expecting for a "$$" rating. The pizzas are pricey and not big enough to share. The wine is also quite expensive ($10-12/glass.) Those with food allergies will find a lot of nuts and shellfish on the menu. But it smells great!This pizza is good but over-rated. I'd rather go to Tutta Bella or Veraci.I guess I am about the only person in Seattle who isn't head over heels for everything Tom Douglas. Sure, I've enjoyed the handful of meals I've had at his restaurants, but I think there are other fantastic chefs in Seattle who consistently produce equally if not more exciting food.Serious Pie underwhelmed me. It just seems really over-hyped. The pizza is good, certainly... but who in their right mind wants to wait 30+ minutes for a pizza?! It's not *that* good! None of the pizzas were a total miss, but none of them hit it out of the park for me, either... the price is steep enough and the wait is long enough that I expected to be wow'ed.The sweet fennel sausage pizza was our table's favorite - sometimes simple is good! While it was tasty, though, I wouldn't say it was the best oven-baked pizza I've had... the crust seemed too thin in the middle (almost soggy in some places, as it was saturated with sauce), and the outer crust was a bit thin for my taste. For a less traditional pie, we liked the pizza with house ham, braised leeks, fontina cheese, and huckleberries, although I wish the cheese had been sliced a bit thinner (and spread more evenly) so that the other toppings could balance it out. The Yukon gold potato with rosemary and pecorino cheese sounded great on paper, but in practice it was very bland - as with most of the pizzas, it featured an olive oil base rather than red sauce (the sausage pizza was the exception). This idea only works if the toppings pack a punch, and unfortunately the potato pizza seemed more like glorified flatbread to me. TD, please offer more pizza with regular sauce - even pesto would be an improvement!!I was also disappointed that they only offer two draft beers and a handful of bottles. The wine selection is somewhat better... but seriously, this is Seattle. If you're going to have a pizza joint, even a fancy one, offering a solid variety of on-tap local microbrews is a requirement.There are no reservations, and while you can put your name on the list upon arrival, you cannot be seated until your entire party arrives. It's pretty cramped inside, so be aware that it may not be the easiest/most comfortable place to bring the whole family - the pizza is geared more toward adults, too. Tall tables seat 8-10 people, which means you'll likely be sharing with another party. Last note: the low ceilings and cozy space means it gets VERY loud here when it's busy, so this is not a good place to come if you're hoping for intimate conversation.I have been wanting to go to Serious Pie for a seriously long time, and boy am I glad i did!  My gosh.  YUM.  we had the duck egg, pork belly and arugula pizza, and that thing was AMAZING.  I just really couldn't believe how incredible it was!  The egg ran over the pizza and added a creaminess that was just incredible, and the peppery bite of arugula kept me coming back for more.  The tall, communal tables are fun to sit at, and you never know who you might end up being by!  The restaurant is small, but such a great place to be.  You seriously need to check out Serious Pie.  YUM.I'm not a pizza person. But boy oh boy, do I love myself some pie from Serious Pie. The place is cozy, dark and busy, but once you have a bite of pizza, it all disappears and you're in your own little world. For $17 a pie, its a little pricey for pizza, but for a taste of heaven, its definitely worth the splurge. Its a thin crust, with a deliciously fresh toppings. I'll have to make the trip back to Seattle and stop by for another bite!I'm stupidly allergic to dairy, and Serious Pie pies san cheese still stand up.  Enough so that my dairy loving comrades  are still cool sharing with this lac-tard sorry sack.  The Rosemary Potato Pie, minus the cheese, so good.  The new SLU location is beautiful, but I always prefer the old location off 5th.I love Serious Pie!!We always stop in for lunch when we visit Seattle.It's all great - from the wonderful pizza choices and the friendly helpful staff to the cozy bustling atmosphere.  The "hole-in-wall, just off the street entrance always leads to a wonderful warm experience.We look forward to our next visit - soonSuper tiny and went with a group which was pretty unpleasant. Pie looked decent but not super cheap. Decent prices on beer.I LOVE Serious Pie! What a great pizza place - and of course Tom Douglas brings his A game when taking an everyday food and making it gourmet! The service I have to give them an A+ as well, super friendly and wiling to help a hungry girl make better choices.The best pizza place I have ever been to! If you're looking for "authentic" pizza combinations, Serious Pie is the only place I know where the food is so outstanding you will walk away thinking about it.Too much Serious Pie and you'll get the gout, quick.  But if you can pace yourself, this place is a treat.  The pizza crust is decadently rich, and the individual pizzas are generously sized.  Come for happy hour to enjoy the (not so) mini pizzas, which are more manageable.  Try the soft cooked free range eggs with procutto pizza, and follow it with a Serious root beer float.  If we're going to do this type two diabetes thing, then we shant half-ass it.yep. this place is the real deal. great pies both savory and sweet, and great cocktail and beer pairings to go with both. menu changes all the time, but had a great chocolate pecan  pie with a manhattan last time. outstanding.Morel Mushroom, asparagus, and soft egg, I was excited but the mushrooms were full of grit bite after bite, and the eggs were cooked through. A lofty pie with promise, wish I had sent it back. Same for the seasonal wild mushroom. That pie was so burnt we left 1/2 for the compost bin. Seriously great recipes with failed execution.FABULOUS pizza! In the end, service was not great at all though :/ We were seated immediately, offered drinks, had our menu questions answered, and were given our food in a reasonable amount of time, which was great. The thing though is that after getting our food we were totally forgotten about. No one asked us how our food was, and we were not offered any refills or the option to have dessert. The pizza we got was the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone and were very pleased with the taste and quality.It's the best pizza in the city!Really great pizza, super fresh and homemade ingredients!  A bit pricey ($15-$18 / pizza) for what you get, but delicious.  $3 cans of Rainier too, not bad!   I hear the happy hour is solid and a good deal at $5 / mini-pizza.  I'll definitely be back for that.Oh my goodness!  This place is so tasty.  The best wood-fired pizza I have ever enjoyed.Don't expect to go and get seated with 10 people in your party.  2-4 diners should expect a 20 minute wait, at least, as they do no accept reservations.Also, it's kinda pricey...about $14-$18 for a personal sized pizza (1 pizza + Starter should feed 2-3 people).  What do you expect when you are ordering a pizza with Wild Chantrelles and Truffle Cheese on it?   Also, please note that the pizza with Yukon Gold Potatoes is also to die for.If I'm not mistaken, with just under 3 years under its belt (and my repeat patronage during that time), Serious Pie is still my favorite Tom Douglas spot. When friends or family were visiting the city, I would always take them here and not a single person has told me they didn't enjoy it.I just moved to San Francisco and already am having cravings for the delicately flavored crust and local (and sometimes organic) ingredients. The seasonal pie never disappoints, but the one I'm most partial to is the roasted porcini, soft egg, and wood violet pizza. I've found that the waitstaff are always pleasant and knowledgeable too, which makes my experiences here all the better. If you are a lover of Neapolitan style pizza, you would appreciate their pies all the more.Now on to the concerns that most people have - the restaurant is really meant to be a hole-in-the-wall, so definitely don't bring groups here. If you don't mind a little wait during the weekend, that's great. If you do, try the weekdays.Now, despite those drawbacks, this is a superb place to grab a friend, indulge in some pizza, and order a beer or glass of wine. I realize that I sound like a marketer, but I can't lie. Serious Pie ain't kidding and it is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Seattle.Was great, lately not so much.  Started dusting all their pizzas with corn meal, lots and lots of corn meal.  There's nothing that ruins a pizza faster than corn meal.Pizzas have gotten heavier and heavier.  Hit you over the head flavors, lost the subtlety.I hope it returns to it's previous goodness.I die for the roasted chantrelle and truffle cheese pizza at serious pie. I somehow managed to convince my boyfriend to eat there with me three times in the month of December because I just couldn't get enough of it. Miraculously, its still on the menu - so you should try it. Now. The delicata squash with gorganzola lucifero and roasted garlic is also exceptional if you're looking for another veggie option. The crust is lite and delicious - just perfect. If you like a meaty pizza, I'd recommend the cherry bomb peppers with sweet fennel sausage. While I like the concept of the longer tables, it can get a little loud, depending on who you're sharing your table with. It not exactly a private dining experience - but a great one nonetheless.This is one of my favorite places to eat downtown. The food is always tasty and the atmosphere is fun. But I should share the review from the real critic - my dad. He is a bit of a pizza fanatic. So when he visits, we survey the pizza and he analyzes the dough. Although Serious Pie is not his favorite pizza (it's not quite Tony's in San Francisco), he raves about the crust. The crust is unlike any other in Seattle (or San Francisco).Love this place! Love the pizza. Love the ingredients. Fresh, clean flavors... nothing is over done. The crust! The crust is what does it I think. Any place could have good fresh ingredients but you pile it on normal, bland pizza dough and you have bland pizza... Serious pie though, that crust is buttery and crispy and chewy and thin and thick and it's simply perfection. Best innovative pizza you will ever have.The service is good and attentive. All the servers we've had seemed really knowledgable. Be prepared to wait, this place is good and not very big. Also, be prepared for communal seating unless you're a party of two and get seated in the back. It's weird, and slightly uncomfortable but that's just cause we're not used to it, not that it's bad.I come here nearly everytime I'm in Seattle.LIke other reviewers, what they call pizza I call flatbread. Granted, very good, fancy, homemade, flatbread. My husband and I shared 2 pizzas (buffalo mozzarella/san marzano tomato & roasted yellowfoot mushrooms/truffle cheese) and they was plenty for us to over-indulge a bit. The ingredients are top shelf everything so you can count on a few carefully selected topping combinations on whatever you order.  With 2 drinks and 1 starter our tab came up to $60 so $75 with tip. This place is POP-ULAR. There was a 30 minute wait on a Sunday night so we had a drink at Dahlia Lounge and the hostess called our mobile # when our table was ready. The communal table thing...meh. Hopefully you get lucky like we did and everyone pretends to mind  their own business.With all the hype around it being a "Tom Douglas" restaurant and voted as one of the top 10 restaurants in Seattle Metropolitan, I had to try it.I've been here about 5 times since I've moved to Seattle. Mostly of the time is during the 3-5pm Happy Hour, when you can get a personal size pizza for $5 a pie, any pie on the menu. Its a great deal and perfect if you wanna try 3-4 different ones (like I do).Anyway, the egg/guanciale/arugula pizza is the best pizza. Followed by the mozzarella, and chanterelle mushrooms. I was not a big fan of the clams pizza, it was too fishy, something was not fresh about it. The atmosphere is nice. Like most urbanized Seattle restaurants, you can watch the crew make the pizza. You also have a great view of the bakery. The place just SMELLS amazing. The pie crust is a rustic and airy. However not as good and heavenly as Delancey's crust. If you are a fan of creative toppings, then I would suggest Serious Pie.In the words of my wife: "This is the best pizza I've ever had."As others have noted, this place gets super crowded, especially at mealtimes and any time on weekends, and they don't take reservations. On the bright side though, if there is a wait they will take your phone number and call you when they have a seat for you, so you don't have to wait around outside the restaurant.The interior design is wonderful, warm wood surroundings to make you feel cozy on the dreariest day. The dining room is small and it's mostly communal seating -- I think the smallest tables were for 6.They have no diet soda. Just so you know.But let's get to the point; we're here to talk about the pie. And it was very good. As others have noted, the crust on these pizzas is simply cooked to perfection. Brown and crispy outside, soft delectable fluffy inside. You can tell as you munch that the ingredients used are all top-notch. From Bufala Mozzarella to the cherry peppers and fennel sausage, every bite is an exercise in eyes-closed appreciation of quality flavors.Serious pie is pretty darn tasty. The crust is definitely the best I've ever had. Wonderful and crisp, yet still fluffy. We ordered three pizzas for four ravenous people and were satisfied, but could have eaten more. We waited 1.5 hours on a Sunday evening to get space for four (a half hour longer then the hostess anticipated) and were at the table for maybe thirty to forty five minutes. The pizzas are also expensive for what you get, ranging from $15-$18 a pie. If you're willing to pay the time and price premium, Serious Pie is definitely worth a visit, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.I like it when they serve coke with real sugar and not artificial sweetener.This place is pretty small but won't mind sitting in a crumpled spot sharing the same table with others whom I don't know as the pizzas are really good.They should come up with some more veggie options.They don't take reservations and there was already a wait on a Friday night around 5pm. We noticed the table of two next to us had three pies so we were planning on ordering three as well for two people. But we couldn't decide on the 3rd pie so we opted for two. Good thing we did because the three pies they ordered were happy hour-sized pies! We couldn't even finished the two. 1. Sweet fennel sausage2. Gold potato The sweet fennel sausage seemed to be the most popular and was definitely delicious. The gold potato had an interesting contrast and this was one of the best meals we had in Seattle.Great Pizza! Great experience but be prepared for a wait and don't worry, it will be worth it. I had a great dinner here before going to see a show. It was the perfect start to a great evening. Me and my mates had the lardo starter, three pies - The chanterelle and truffle cheese with sausage, The guanciale with egg and greens and the Penn cove clam pie. All were awesome. Great crust and wonderful toppings. We would recommend all 3.We also had one of each of the desserts and they too were great. So a starter, 3 pies, 3 desserts and a couple of beers each = $125. Not too bad at all especially considering you are eating at a TD place and the quality is great. As for those who think the pies are small, I think you have been eating to many extra large pizzas. They are the perfect size to leave you full but not stuffed. I would highly recommend this place for pizzas fiends and charcuterie lovers. A lot of the pies feature house cured meats. And if you don't like the pies on the menu they will custom make them for you with any ingredients on hand. Special respect to the wait staff, we were told a hour wait but we stuck around the waiting area they managed to get us seated in under 30 minutes. That's what I call good service. Well worth the time and the money - go check out Serious PieAs everyone on yelp suggested the chanterelle mushroom, truffle cheese mushroom, so we ordered one. Honestly, I was not that impressed with the toppings, it is kind of flat in taste. But the crust is something really different from other gourmet pizza place. It is thin and taste-wise, it's a marriage of saltine cracker and danish puff pastry.The waiter recommended us the marinated corn, mint with parsley. It tasted good but not to the extend that I will recommend to others. We also ordered the Mexcan Coca cola. We were told it is make from sugar cane rather. Again, I could not tell the difference.Finally, we had the cannoli and coconut pie (since they ran out the chocolate budino). Well, cannoli taste like fried wonton wrap with cream and pistachio inside. Not impressed. Coconut pie is just mediocre.This was so good, when we were done with our meals (one pizza each), I watched fresh ones being delivered to other tables and wished I could start over. I had the mushroom/truffle pizza. I had seen it on "Best Thing I Ever Ate," so a few friends and me tried Serious Pie on a Friday night, around 5:30. We parked right in front of the front door, at the curb. The wait was an hour- but I think we were seated after about 40 minutes. It wasn't super crowded, once inside. The salads look ok, I didn't bother. The pizzas run about $17 each. The crust on these pizzas is sort of like unsweetened donuts. It's light and airy, slightly chewy. So good. Can't wait to go back.I heard about this place on Food Network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate".  Wolfgang Puck came here and raved about the chanterelle and crimini mushroom with truffle-infused cheese pizza, and I was immediately enticed! I mean, c'mon it's Wolfgang Puck, this dude knows where it's at! So of course I had to try it.Plain and simple, it's the best pizza I ever ate.  Wolfgang Puck and I should be best friends :)The pizza here is amazing...the ever-present waiting list just proves it. The menu rotates, so there are some different pizzas to try each time and they have some wonderful seasonal offerings. You do get nice and cozy with strangers due to the seating style. You can either be put off by it or see it as an opportunity to make new friends. The servers never make you feel rushed even though there are a lot of peope waiting and if you are the one in line, well, the Whiskey Bar is just up the street. I have been to Serious Pie a few times and have always had the same exceptional service and phenominal food.Excellent hand made pizza!!!I've eaten here four times now, and the pizza has always been excellent. The place is small, you always have to wait to get in, but the result is worth it. The pizzas are well prepared with an airy, thin crust, excellent ingredients and are not swimming in cheese and fat. All the seating is shared, unless you have a party of six or more, but this only adds to the experience of the place. The wait staff has always been prompt, attentive and friendly.Advice: Since they don't take reservations, go by before you are starving, put your name on the list, and go wander around Seattle until they call you. You can also sit in the waiting area and have a drink. It's worth the effort!Okay here we go....Service was spectacular.... Salad was one of the best I've ever seriouslyPizza was good, not my type with green stuff on top, will come back for one with more meat.....My wife absolutely loved the glass of wine she had, went to the top of her wish list, now I have to find a case or two........A little on the small side, maybe seats about 50.........If that...When it comes to pizza, this place is definitely as good as it gets.  We brought all of our out of town visitors here, and they pretty much agreed.  True that they are always busy, it is annoying to have to wait when I'm hungry... but I think the wait is always worth it!!My favorite pie there would have to be the fennel sausage and the yukon gold potato... Yum!My second Tom Douglas experience (first was Seatown), and it was as good as the first. Really enjoyed my time here, I will be back.What I liked:- Ambiance (You walk in, you see the hustle and bustle, you look to your right, you see the fruits of their labor)- Service (No reservation at 7p and we were sat within minutes, food also came quick)- Value (Everything is priced lower than what I would've paid, a little consumer surplus, thank you!)What I didn't like:- Personality (We were there while it was busy, but regardless it just seemed like the place lacked an identity or style in general)Regardless, the con is a minute one and we will be back again and again.After reading other reviews my Son and I decided to try Aventura hoping for good mexican food. Sorry to say we were disappointed, yet again. The fried seafood quesadilla appetizer was the best thing we had and that I would have again.We ordered the combo plate consisting of a chili relleno, enchilada and a shredded beef burrito. The taste of the chili relleno was ok but it was terribly greasy. The shredded beef was stringy and tough and had absolutely NO seasoning! The meat in the enchilada at least had some flavor. The beans and rice were ok but nothing to brag about.Then there was the singing guitar player who could be on the other side of the room and still not need a microphone! Imagine that 5 feet away from you. We declined his serenade but the folks behind us apparenty did not so for the next 30 minutes he sang his heart out. He's not bad just loud.The pizza is delicious, thin-crust, made with very high quality ingredients.  I HIGHLY recommend going at happy hour when small pies are much more affordable.If you're a Tom Douglas fan, eat here. If you're in Seattle, eat here. If you enjoy good food, eat here. I could go on and on, but bottom line, it's good. Real good. We stopped in for lunch recently and were more than pleased. We started with the charcuterie plate which included romanesco! Who even knows about romanesco? Apparently Tom Douglas does! It's one of my favorite vegetables and seriously under utilized. We then moved on to the marinated lacinato kale with chilis, parmigiano and pine nuts and were in heaven. We then enjoyed the yukon gold potato, rosemary and pecorino pizza and although I wouldn't recommend that particular pizza (potatoes on pizza can be a bit much) it was still very tasty. Way to go, Serious Pie, you've made a fan out of us!Saying that my boyfriend loves pizza is an understatement.  Whenever I ask, "what should we do for dinner?"  "PIZZA!" is his response 75% of the time.  We stopped by Serious Pie one day for a late lunch.  We decided to keep our order small since we had reservations for dinner not too long after.  Since he isn't very adventurous when it comes to trying different toppings (just a plain classic pepperoni pizza is his favorite), we opted to split the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce and fresh basil pizza and asked if they could add some of their house salumi.  The size of the pizza was a little on the smaller side, but it was fine with us since we didn't want to be full.  It was delicious and I found the crust to be really good as well, which is unusual for me since I'm one of those who always leaves the crusts on her plate because I don't want to be filling my stomach with a bunch of "bread".  But this time, I ate every bite.  The space is a bit small and is communal/cafeteria style dining where you are sharing your table with other parties and sitting fairly close to each other.  So plan on making some friends while you're there.love this place. Really good happy hourBest pizza in Seattle - great thin crusts, not too cheesy, great quality cheese and fresh ingredients - great salads - very busy so don't forget to make reservations.I've tried every pizza on the menu and they are all fantastic. Protip: if it says Soft Egg, you should definitely get it.Serious pie is pretty good. It's definitely better than "A-OK" - which Yelp tells me is standard for a 3 star review so I'm rounding up to 4. I have tried almost all the pizzas here and the best thing by far is the sausage pizza which is loaded w/ fennel so it tastes really good. A lot of people like the egg pizza, but I am not a fan. I LOVE eggs,  but it doesn't do anything for me for some reason. Either way, prob my second fav pizza place in Seattle after Delancey in Ballard.Great happy hour.  The pizza was perfect size for me with a glass of wine!  They're not your typical pepperoni & sausage type of pizzas.  I got the soft cooked free range eggs*, cotechino sausage, scamorza, tuscan kale.  So if you're into unique pizza's, this is a go to place!I've vacationed in Seattle twice, and this is definitely one of those places that I never miss when I'm in town. It's one of the restaurants from the renowned Tom Douglas. I'm only here for one thing... Pizza! Their pizza comes in this crispy thin crust that is consistent all the way. Unlike other pizza places that is greasy, this isn't. And try to order your own pizza. It is so good that one person will end up eating one by themselves.So far, I've only tried the soft fennel sausage and free-range egg with cotechino sausage pizzas. Now, I can't remember which is which, but I do remember the sausages being so good with a tad of spice in them. Some of the other meats in their pizza is probably aged since I saw that aging fridge as you walk in the door.The setup of this establishment is quite unique, with some communal seating available. Beware of the long lines. I recommend going for lunch or an early dinner perhaps to avoid rush hour. Might be a little pricey in my opinion. Nevertheless, these guys are serious about their pies. It's damn good. And while you're at it, try their root beer on tap.Everything you could & would expect from this place. So much good word-of-mouth & the pizza is STILL delicious after being open for years. Nice job to T.D & crew!My boyfriend & I headed to serious pie for Happy Hour. We ordered the fennel sausage pizza, the Yukon potato pizza, & the mozzarella/basil pizza to split between the two of us. The place is TINY, & not comfortable. We were seated quickly, but within 5 minutes another pair was seated right next to us. We couldn't carry on a conversation void of "what did you say?" or "I can't hear you." So that was very awkward & disappointing. Because of the environment, we stuffed our faces & got out of there as quickly as possible, which really took away from the experience. The best food in the world doesn't make up for a poor experience. I know it's just a pizza joint, but I'd expect more from a Tom Douglas restaurant. The pizzas were good, but nothing worth raving about.Great pizza and a good selection of beer.  A little pricey for the amount of food you receive, which is the only reason I'm taking off a star.  The food was delicious.I freaking love this place, it's pizza perfection. The crust is amazing... Crispy yet chewy and they're some amazing toppings. My favorite is the chanterelle with truffle cheese. They do not take reservations here and it gets super busy but is worth the wait!More like 3.5 stars. Very good with solid ingredients - but it's not it. I'm a pizza snob. Also pies are pretty small.Good, thin crust pie with quality ingredients.  Expect to sit with others, it is a casual, fun experience with a lively vibe and excellent wait staff.We were greeted by our server Tony who was helpful throughout the meal and provided some tips for places to go and see on the town.Delish!  High quality ingredients, lovely combinations.  A win!Check out Lou at Duque Salon and Spa for the most awesome microdermabrasion.  My skin looks fabulous.  Thank you Lou.  After your treatment with Lou please be sure to make an appointment with Giovanna for the most incredible haircut ever and get some Phyto hair products and Lierac skin care before you leave.  This salon has made a difference for my outlook and my look.This place knows how to make a pie!! I've been here twice now and I absolutely love it. Both times I have had to wait for an hour before getting a table, but it is so worth waiting. The restaurant has a cozy/cute feel. You sometimes will share a long table with another party. I did not mind sharing a long table because I got to check out the pizzas that they ordered! My favorite pie by far there is the buffalo mozzarella and basil with tomato sauce. It has so much flavor, it's unbelievable! They have a lot of interesting combos and flavors on their pies which make it more unique and fun to try. I could go raving on and on about this place! It is one of my new favorites.Sausage and roasted Pepper was superb.  Margarita - ok.  The Daily Special with Arugula and Pancetta.....  a bit disappointing.  Stay with the tried and true favorites and I think this place rocks.Communal wood tables, ambient lighting, the smell of wood-fired pizza pie, and excited customers awaiting their very own Serious Pie. Be prepared to wait for a table, this location attracts quite the crowd. Bring someone who loves unique flavor combinations here, their taste buds will thank you.Loved the flavors in these pizzas. We ate them so fast. The right amount of crisp in the super-light crust. The center fell just soggy enough. Have to go with red pies, the white will not do.Serious Pie serves up some serious, uh... pizza! Be sure to make reservations as the restaurant gets awfully busy! We had about a 40 min wait, but the staff were very nice and offered to call us when our table was ready, which allowed for us to wander around and explore the city. The pizzas were very tasty. We ordered three pies: (1) soft duck eggs, roast pork belly, lemony arugula salad (2) penn cove clams, house pancetta, chillies, lemon thyme, (3) sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone. My personal favorite was the soft duck egg pizza - the most original pizza I have ever had the pleasure of trying.I don't normally like pizza but serious pie takes it to another level, sooo nums, wood fired goodness, I don't particularily like tom douglas rest. cuz they're overated but omg but penn clove clams and pancetta and the egg kale pizza is so divine. I usually get 3 to myself cuz it's so good and get leftovers.Great pizzas potato, sausage, mushroom, and the special were all fantastic. Great service as wellYUM! Not your average pizza.  And the seating is shared with other people.  There is always a long wait on weekends, but it is worth it.  I love this placeWhat can I say other than... MMMMM, I couldn't stop eating that delicious pizza!A must have!  Took my kids here as the first stop on a progressive dinner across town that included Chinatown dim sum and a Cajun place. We shared a pie and drank mugs of a locally brewed root beer. The apple wood fired pizza is spectacular. The atmosphere is mildly pub like as the tables are shared by 8 to 10 people. Even the bathrooms are nice. We had a fennel sausage pizza and had a wonderful start to our adventure.Don't get me wrong, the pizza at Serious Pie IS delicious.  What is frustrating, however, is that 2 of us spent $19 on one whole pizza, and we are still hungry because it was so small.  I called ahead to get the pizza to-go.  They had the pizza ready quickly and the customer service was great....but when I got the pizza home, I opened the box to find this small-ish oblong-shaped pizza that hardly satisfied our average hunger this evening.  Were the pizza actually a circle of a diameter the length of the long end, it would have probably been satiating, however its width was so narrow that we each only had 4 small slices.  I feel slightly ripped off due to its shape; while the oval shape is cute, it seemed to be a way to get you to pay more for less pizza.  For 2 people with average hunger, definitely get 2 pizzas -- and expect to pay over $40 after tip and tax.Very casual but some of the best Pie I have ever eaten!  We had the Fennel Sausage and roasted red pepper Pie.  The tomato sauce was perfectly tangy and just the right amount of toppings.  We thought we would stop in for just one pice even though we had to order the whole pie, well we ended up eating the whole pie and on the side a must, the Kale salad! I will forever visit this place every time I'm in Seattle!Serious Pie has a place in my heart. If only I could get my hands on their pizza crust recipe. Or maybe have them deliver... to Tucson. Tasty pies, good drinks and cool atmosphere.Balanced flavors yes, but Tom - your profit margins must be HUUUGE!!! because my pie had 4 clams on it (at most), the (small) $8 salad had wild greens, maybe a whole radish and 2 slices of cucumber and about 7 drips of dresssing. (so boring!).   The server knew a bit about the food but couldn't talk wine at all, 'doh... not sure, think it's a sangiovese'.  You offer shakers of chili flakes but small (and clumsy to use) ramekins of parmesian?   ...what up Dre?Atmosphere I give a thumbs up to the space, (cool tin-man'ish painting, the feel and the potential for socializing).All in all - I would go back, but only if you were more generous with the more pricey elements of the meal, and if just out of respect for your clients ('least those who know food costs...) knocked a couple bucks off that lame-o salad.Pizzas we had were fantastic -- I had the amazing roasted mushrooms w/truffle cheese and my husband had the penn cove clams w/pancetta and lemon thyme!  Crust was just right amount of chewy edges, thin-crust crispy and wonderful toppings.These are my 3 complaints:1) Place is very small so there is a wait even at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon.2) Per the usual Tom Douglas-owned restaurants, it's rather expensive.  Iced tea was $3 each so for two people with 2 pizzas and 2 iced teas, the bill came out to approx $45 after tip--pretty pricey if you think about the fact that you're eating pizzas...3) Most tables seat 8 so they put us 2 other parties; no privacy.  We were seated next to 2 loud tourists who talked non-stop with family of 4 next to them so it wasn't as pleasant a meal as we would've liked.But these aside, it was great to finally eat a wonderful pizza that came highly recommended on Yelp.Seriously...  I mean seriously...  This may be the best pizza I have ever had.  I have enjoyed great pizza all over the world  - and none better than this. I will come back to Seattle just for this pizzaI love this place for many reasons, first of all they really have a great customer service ethic, always cheerful. most importantly though are the pies, Extreme flavor and texture. The freakin' crust is insane !You MUST go for the clam pie, or the bacon and egg, or the sausage, or the specials, It's always a total pleasure, Well done.Small seating area, great pizza! There can be some unique pizza combinations (which may not be for everyone, i.e, clams and eggs) but I love love the crust and the base sauce is fantastic, which to me makes or breaks a pizza. The crispy burnt edges are like bites of delicious treasure. They have always been good about me choosing custom toppings too (incase you want to skip the egg, but enjoy the sausage). I tend to get my pizzas to go since the seating area is limited and typically crowded.My guilty pleasure is to grab a creme brulee at Dalia Bakery around the corner as well for dessert, just a tip from me to you :)Serious Pie is seriously good. They have a warm eating environment, but its small so if you don't have reservations, try them at lunch. Very friendly and knowledgeable wait staff.Now onto the pizza. This is not your ordinary pizza. Its made fresh right there (in fact, you can see them making it in the kitchen complete with a huge oven). The crust is thin, but the best thing about the pizzas are the flavors. Great combinations and high quality ingredients make you savor every bite :) I had the clam pizza and my boyfriend had the sausage and peppers pizza (their most popular according to the waitress). We ended up sharing because they were both too good not to try.My only complaint is that its a little pricey. Not a budget pizza place. But, Im glad I experienced it.Being new to Seattle, I had to try this place. There's always a group of people waiting for a table outside and the reviews are pretty decent.I liked the friendly atmosphere inside, with the shared tables. The pizza was pretty good too!My complaints are that it's a bit overpriced overall. Also there's always a wait for a table (somewhat annoying).A solid 4 stars! A small quaint place and perfect for a date. I'm a huge fan of Tom Douglas and tried all of his places. And i have to say that this place comes a close second next to Dahlia Lounge. The pizza had simplicity as well the flavors that he wanted you to taste! I got the pizza with the egg-- and you can actually taste all the separate flavors yet they come together in your mouth like a little party. My friend got the pizza with truffle mushrooms- and the mushrooms were moist and you can taste the full flavor and the texture in your mouth. This place is worth going back just to try the other pizzas... A definitely a must for pizza foodies!We love to take our out of town friends to this small scaled, fun and casual local restaurant.  The food never disappoints and the wait staff are friendly, & attentive without being overbearing.  Yes, the wait is usually long... sometimes 2 hours!  But this is no problem as we check in and head down the block to Lola's for some apps and drinks while waiting for our pager to go off.  (Lola's bar opens to the adjacent hotel lobby where you are also welcome to sit with drinks, no food tho.)  As with all Tom Douglas restaurants, there's a good menu selection with local, fresh food and a good mix of interesting ingredient combinations.  The brussels sprouts, smoked pancetta, caramelized onionst pie is REALLY good (if you like brussel sprouts, like I do).  They also have excellent versions of more traditional ingredients (the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone has a great flavor and texture)  Really, you can't go wrong.  If you like the ingredients listed, but can't imagine it on a pizza... give it a try, you won't be disappointed.My sister and I decided to eat in downtown today and we decided on serious pie. We have been told that it is great pizza and thought we would give it a shot. I like the feel of the place even though it was a bit cramped. It had a great ambiance and a nice friendly vibe. The menu wasn't that long and it's not your usual pepperoni pizza. We had the buffalo mozzarella and the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone. Both were good and something we haven't had before. The crust was also crispy but also came out a little bit to burnt for my sisters taking. But the thing that kept it from being a 5 star was the price it's pretty expensive for a pie that size, we thought it was good but not that good.Something is lacking from Serious Pie for me. Serious Pie serves flatbread pizzas, and I didn't find the crust to be anything special. The toppings on the mushroom pizza were gourmet, fancy, and devoid of Serious flavor in my opinion. I definitely wouldn't go back for the pizza.That being said, I really enjoy the atmosphere at Serious Pie. If you come in a small group of 2 or 3, expect to be seated at a large table with other people- but I enjoyed that, as everyone is very friendly there. Go to Serious Pie, meet some interesting people, and maybe share a few slices with people at your table.This place is seriously delicious!  We had two different pizzas: the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone and the chanterelle and crimini mushroom, truffle cheese. They were both delicious.  I got to say that I do prefer the sausage one over the mushroom one because the sausage one had more flavor to it, but all in all both pizzas was delicious.When I'm back in town, I will definitely come back again!This is my first review ever on Yelp! So please don't judge. We were vacationing in Seattle. And I had to try this place, because it was on the Food Network show "Best thing I ever ate". We tried the "roasted chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza". It was very delicious, but I don't think it qualifies as the best thing I ever ate. I've never tried chanterelle mushroom before and I really liked it. It's definitely a twist on the regular mushroom pizza. I wish we could have tried some of their other items too, but we ordered to go, and the weather in seattle is definitely not "pick up to-go twice" friendly. =)Very interesting pizza choices! We were a party of 6 at around 5:30PM on a Tuesday, and got seated fairly quickly - unfortunately we had just missed the happy hour period (I think it's till 5?)We ordered:the penn cove clams, house pancetta, chilies, lemon thyme pizza - a very interesting taste! a bit on the saltier side, as a heads up;sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone pizza - this one had more of a typical "pizza-ish" taste;roasted king trumpet mushrooms, truffle cheese - the mushrooms tasted great!;the mango-vinegar in-house beverage - warning, this drink is truly vinegar-based!Since it was during normal hours, each person had an approximately $20 bill + %18 added group gratuity.Great food. Will definitely come back.$17 for a thin piece of flatbread and a few, hand placed veggies does not a gourmet pizza make. I have been unimpressed with this "pizza" place. MOD is so much better and $10 a pie cheaper.It was good food and great service! But it wasn't mind-blowing :/ I'm not sure what all the fuss was about. Serious Biscuit on the other hand...ooh weeTheir pizzas seem a bit eclectic, for a guy who prefers the basic American type of pizzas, whatever that means, but every pizza I've had there has been unreal.  Marg, fennel sausage, etc.  The crust is great, the atmosphere is delightful.Love their clam pizza!Burrata,bacon pesto is the best!Favoloso in every possible waaaaaay. One can not find a better Pizza menu, quality, super by the glass wine available, superior desserts with everything made in house.I like this place- i dont like the cost, or the tables. Be prepared to be elbow to elbow with strangers and broke after words. The pizza is really effing good though.Yummy, we went on a busy weekend night and the service was great, the waiter was a sweet heart. The pizza was the star of the show,hands down. I loved their crusts mmmmmm yum!Fennel sausage pizza: awesome. They offered us a taste as we walked in, and we were sold. Irregular, puffy crust, a little burned in places but not overwhelming. Though thick at the edges, the crust was pretty thin throughout, but not soggy. Sauce was flavorful, with spices apparent, but not overpowering. Cheese was minimal, but just enough. We took our pie to go, since it was a fairly long wait (not unusual). Cost for one pie and a beer = $21, and mostly worth it.pizza pizza pizza....there was a bit of a wait at night so we walked next door and had a drink at dahlia. but when our time came. the mushroom truffle cheese w/sausage was delish. washed down with a whisteling pig hefeweizen. need need to come back...Great Pizza, original offerings, and laid back atmosphere.  Can be quite difficult to get a table though, so plan ahead.The best pizza I've ever had.We had the egg and sausage pizza and washed it down with a couple of their house made seasonal sodas (cranberry). It was amazing! The pizza is perfectly tender, crisp and charred. Loved the sodas...almost something like an italian cream soda.Pricey, but excellent quality crust and toppings. The seasonal mushroom & truffle cheese is pretty great if you can catch it while the chanterelles are in season. Otherwise, the sweet fennel sausage is a solid bet. Communal seating makes for a fun experience if you're up for it, but not necessarily the best if you're looking for a private, intimate dinner.Interesting pizzas and definitely good ingredients, but I've never been here and not ended up waiting 40+ minutes for food. Some of their pizzas certainly aren't for everyone, but they've got a basic enough cheese pizza for the less adventurous.Cant go to Seattle without stopping here. He has changed our expectations of a delicious pizza.I went to Serious Pie with my fiancé and her father this afternoon; based on the name I thought I was going to get a thick, cheesy pie, as in serious pie; instead I got thin, cheese-less, over priced pizza and a confrontational waitress named Kary with a chip on her shoulder who had a sharp tone and a glare in her eye who referred to me curtly as "sir" when I asked for something. This juvenile behavior completely unprovoked and bewildering; it was topped off by caring for my fiancé who later puked out everything she ate there that evening. This was my first and last time here. Zeeks is a much better bang for the buck. I'm avoiding this place like the plague.Great pizza but overpriced at $17 for a medium sized pizza. The house fennel sausage also had a weirdly sweet taste from the marjoram. Tasted like someone with lotion on their hands had handled it. I couldn't get that feeling out of my mind sadly so I didn't really enjoy it.excellent pies.. thin crust, fresh ingredients and creative toppings.. we had potato rosemary pizza and tomato mozeralla basil pizza, both were hit with us and our 2 year old kid.. we are from San Francisco and thought they were very comparable to Delfina pizzas.. the kale salad was excellent too.. And the dark chocolate boudino was cheery on the cake.. a must have to complete your meal!!!I'm not a big fan of pizza. But these pies are just so much more than pizza. It is a little pricey, but definitely worth it for the inventive pies and fresh fancy ingredients. I also love the communal-ish feel of the space with an open view into the kitchen and the backroom.Great pizza, good service. Try to stop whenever we're in the area.The food is fantastic!! My friend and I were planning to go to Lola across the street actually. But for some reason we ended up here and I'm happy about the decision! I really like the pizza. We picked the seasonal mushroom with truffle cheese. I am a huge fan of mushroom. The crust is cooked just right-- crispy but not too burned. The mushroom flavor is just awesome. I also had a dry cider from WA at dinner. Great night great night! The atmosphere here is good tooThis place is really good but I don't quite think of it as a traditional pizza. Definitely not cheap either but quality rarely is.It was ... okay. I prefer places like Pagliacci and Veraci. Veraci has the most amazing crust, and they keep it simple. Serious Pie is certainly unique, but not the best in my opinion.It's called Serious Pie for a reason, IT'S SERIOUSLY GOOD! Best pie I've ever had! I found out about Serious Pie while watching the Today Show, which they said that this place was one of the BEST places for pizza in the country....they were sure right about that! We had three different types: Sweet Fennel Sausage, Penn Cove Calms, and Yard Duck Egg Pies. The sausage one was more on the safe side of the pies, it was good but very typical. The Pen Cove Calms Pie was very good...fresh calms on top of the pie was very different. Last but not least the Yard Duck Egg was the BEST! Anything that has an egg with it's yolk spilling all over is the best! This was the one place I made her I had to try on my visit back to Seattle and it lived up to my expectations. I just wish they had one down here in New Orleans! Can't wait to go back and indulge in that yummy goodness!I think ultimately this place is too beaucoup. $17 for a single person pizza is a bit much.  The crust is delicious however, and they have some unique toppings. At the end of the day better pizza can be found.PLEASE......try the chantrelle mushroom and truffle cheese pizza - it boasts a salty, truffley indulgent flavor on a soft pillow of dough...skip the yukon gold potatoe and rosemary pizza - its as heavy on the stomach as it is on the rosemary...make it to happy hour if you have a chance (3-5pm) - $6 mini pies, $5 wine, $4 pintsawesomemmmmmmm.Yumnever had better, fresher pizza!Serious Pie is SERIOUSLY delicious. Holy cow.Serious Pie= Serious Disappointment= Serious Lack of Proper Service We were at a Tom Douglas wine event ,and we wanted to try one of his restaurants after our numerous WA wine tastings. When we entered Serious Pie there was one group in front of our 4some seated in the tiny wait area. Given that the restaurant was small we were put on the wait-list. The host asked for a phone number to call us on- his idea- and stated the wait would be about 45 minutes. We proceeded to grab a beer at Icon Grill, and then headed back to Serious Pie after a little over 45 minutes- when we didn't get a call and our stomachs were grumbling. Sequence of events= we walked in the door- we were acknowledged- we noticed that there was a 4 top open- the host walked to a group that obviously came in after us and walked them to the 4 top. What? Upon his return we asked why we were not called ,and he stated he called twice- which was not true. There was no table at this point to seat us at. Why was the group of 4 seated before us when it was obvious he saw us come in? It had been close to an hour we were on the wait list. We stood in Serious Pie's tiny waiting area in awe. The host made no attempt at retribution, or letting us know a table would open, or why he seated the other group with us in plain sight. We were hungry, we needed to eat, and we had subjected ourselves to a long wait time to try Serious Pie. We were pushed aside with no explanation. The only thing he said was that he called us. OK- then why were we not seated as we walked it? We walked out hungry, shocked, and discouraged. I don't understand... Why attempt to eat here- ever?This place is fantastic. We were visiting Seattle and decided to stop by based on the reviews and it was well worth it. The Kale salad was fantastic and the sausage pizza was to die for. The only odd bit was the communal seating, which made it difficult to get in and out. Otherwise it's a can't miss spot.Loved the fennel sausage! Very delicious and lots of flavor. Loved the spiciness to it. Wasn't a fan of the soft egg/kale.. thought it was too cheesy and flavorless.Incredible. So out of the box with the choices but it was incredible! Clams on a Pizza!?!? Great idea! Will be going again and again!After 900+ reviews, what can I say that hasn't already been said about Serious Pie? Perché l'omino nel progettazione sono un corpo così piccolo? And hooray for birra Italia!i knew what i wanted as our first dinner in seattle even before our flight took off. i had been relentlessly talking about tom douglas's serious pie, the first thing hubby asked our hotel receptionist was "how far is serious pie from the hotel?". well, it was right in front of us! so off we went. the restaurant is a lot smaller than expected. we were put on a 45 minute wait list, so we studied the menu (along with other waiting patrons) and made up our minds even before getting seated. the concept of the restaurant was very simple; open kitchen with a wood burning oven, long communal tables with stools, lively casual environment, minimal menu consisted of appetizers, pizzas, desserts and drinks. the hubby ordered a chantrelle mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza and i opted for a penn cove clams and pancetta one. the pizza were good. in fact, their crust was amazing in texture and flavor. only 2-3 topping per pizza, ingredients used were some of the best i've seen on any pie, including the ones in italy. these unlikely fancy toppings meshed so well with each other that one didn't outshine another, except the overwhelming sensation of truffle in my mouth. however, an overall experience of a restaurant rarely just relies on food itself only. what serious pie did well had come with some shortcomings. they had no reservations policy, so as the waiting list grew longer, more patrons got impatient in that cramped space. the communal seating could get on some people's nerves especially when the stranger seating next to you would get up and down 77 thousand times. the pizza themselves were misleading in terms of size. at first glace, they looked big enough to be shared by a couple, but that delicious crusts were so thin they almost resembled flat breads. hence, the price tags could not be readily justified for the amount of food we got, even considering their top notch "gourmet" ingredients. overall, serious pie satisfied my dying desire to witness what the big deal was about tom douglas and his restaurants. whether it's a touristy trap or local residents' treasured, serious pie serves its purpose by providing a great piece of america's favorite italian dish.Yum!  We stopped at Serious Pie for our last meal in Seattle.  We just came from the Public Market so we were pretty full but decided to try two pizzas anyways, knowing we can probably eat it at the airport or on the airplane.  We went with the yukon, rosemary and pecorino... I can never say no to anything with potatoes... and the mushroom with truffled cheese... i can also never say no to anything with mushrooms or truffles.  The flavors were so good, the cheese was delicious as well.  You can tell all the ingredients were fresh.  The sizes of the pizza are perfect too.  They had a happy hour but we were too early for it and couldn't wait since we had a flight to catch but I think it's a great steal.  $6 for a smaller sized version for their pizzas Monday to Friday 3-5 PM!  I will definitely keep that in mind for the next time we are in Seattle!deviled egg, brioche, tomato - this is not the deviled egg you are thinking of. the egg is just sunny side up.vanilla panna cotta, rhubarb, pistachio - this is not the ordinary free standing custard. this is the kind that comes in a pot.$5 maritime old seattle lager - not impressedPIZZAShouse salumi, caramelized onions, sardegna - This was great because the different flavors of each ingredient really blended together. The melted cheese tied it together while the onions provided an undertone. The salumi was good to snack on its own, but I thought was pretty salty as a pizza topping.penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme - My first bite had some crunchy sand in it, but it was a great pizza nonetheless. The clams made the pizza pretty salty along with the pancetta. The cheese was nice and fluffy, unlike most cheese that is melted. That said, the toppings did not blend as well with the pizza, but it was nice to be able to pick out the distinct flavors that make this pizza what it is.In general, the pizzas were good. You can really taste the olive oil on it, but the toppings make for really salty pizzas. I do hope they skip out on salting the dough since there is already so much saltiness in the meat and seafood toppings.REGARDLESS. I am happy we came here for our first dinner in Seattle. We were pooped and hungry, but our tummies and spirits were cured by the gastronomic wonders that come out of this kitchen. I am also glad they open until late, but it's too bad we had to wait an hour for a table and another half hour for the food to arrive.Just okay.  Didn't knock my socks off, though.pretty good pizza.. horrible service.. I've decided that since it is such a small restaurant they put you side by side with other people eating with you...food wise.. I got their buffalo cheeze and basil... neopolitan known by some... thin crust.. burnt edges.. nina no likey.. but lots of sauce.. that was good!! :) delish.......but the service was horrible!!!!! - stop upselling me.. that's what you get when all of tom douglas's restaurants are side by side... only some can be good.....and the pizza was really small..... not so great for my 15 dollars...Et tu, Tom?  You were the last one standing - the last hope in Seattle's food scene.  The guy that cared about food.  The guy that cared about service.  The guy that actually knew how to properly run a restaurant.  What happened Tom?  Has your empire grown beyond your ability to keep any eye on each dark corner of your kingdom?So, let me backtrack a little.  I would like to tell you all how much I enjoyed the pizza at serious pie as so many of you have obviously enjoyed.  However, despite sitting in the restaurant for nearly an hour, the two pizzas that the my wife and I ordered failed to make their way the 20 feet from the kitchen to our communal table.  Let me draw you a word picture. We arrive at around 11:25 in the am.  Serious Pie is approximately 25% full.  We are seated at the far end of a communal table located directly adjacent to the walkway between the restaurant area and the back of the restaurant.  A pane of glass provides a view into to the workings of the mighty Tom Douglas bakery.  After a noticably long wait, our waiter arrives to take our order - we order a salad that is on the special list, the potato pizza, and a chantrelle and truffle pizza.  My wife notices a large line of hungry customers waiting to get in.  Boy, we say, aren't we lucky that we got our order in before this big crush of customers.  Yes.  Lucky.   A nice couple with their kids is seated beside us at our communal table.  The waiter arrives and takes their order.  We notice the absence of our salad, but my wife has spotted it sitting on the pass.  Our salad sits lonely and neglected.  I occasionally glance at it.  I can sense that it is waiting for someone, anyone to send it to its final destination.  Alas, it is not to be.  Our poor salad is doomed to rise to room temperature and wilt in the heat of the kitchen before it is dispatched to our table.  We partake of our forlorn salad and it is true - the salad is overdressed and the arugala is wilted and slightly slimy.  Oh well, we say.  We notice that it's now past noon and manners allow us to now  imbibe.  We gain the attention of our waiter and each ask if we might be so fortunate as to have a glass of the house prosecco brought to the table to keep us company since our pizzas have yet to arrive.  I can't help but notice the nice couple next to us have not only finished of their salads, but are now happily chowing down on their pizzas.  I can't help but notice that there are many other people in the now packed restaurant that arrived quite some time after us who are also eating pizza.  I look through the window in the bakery at the Tom Douglas bakers - even they are happily eating baked goods!  Yes, it seems, when it comes to our pizzas, they are saving the best for very, very last.  However, good news everyone!  Our waiter has assured us that our pizza will be *right out*.  Oh boy, we will be eating soon.  Yes sir.  Eating of pizza will happen.  10 more minutes pass, and it is now bordering on an absurd wait time.  Directly behind me, I hear a heated conversation underway between our waiter and the pizza cook.  Drama!  Excellent!  I wasn't expecting entertainment with my non-pizza, but what the hell.  It's almost like opera (imagine this sung by Plácido Domingo and José Carreras):Waiter:  Where is the pizza?  For table....24?Cook:  I didn't receive a ticket.  For table....24!Waiter:  Didn't you see them?  They have no food!Cook:  I saw the people beside them!  Eating food!I am the creative type, so I can't help but get involved.  I want Andrea Boccelli to sing my part.Me:  I've had enough of this, we are leaving!Waiter:  Yes, of course you are!  Sir!  Your lunch is!  On the house!Me:  What lunch?  You didn't bring it!Also, if Tom Douglas or any other local restauranteur is reading this and thinks they are going to be a grand innovator by instituting communal seating in the hopes of creating a more social atmoshere, can I just say that there are few things less humilitating as a restaurant patron than being completely ignored by the wait staff and your cooks before having them create a huge dramatic scene that inevitably draws you in while a crowd of complete strangers who are sitting literally less than five inches away from you stare on in either bemusement or bewilderment?  Got that?  Thanks.Anyway, my wife and I attempt to extricate ourselves from Serious Pie, and someone who I can only assume is the manager determines from my furrowed brow and snarling lip that I didn't have a pleasant dining experience at one of the Tom Douglas group of restaurants.  I give her the five second rundown - nearly an hour; no food.  She is genuinely apologetic and offers me a Tom Douglas group of restaurants gift card.  However, at this point I am so angry and hungry that there is really nothing she could have offered me to placate me. Finally I exit the door - I am free!  Curtains...down.Inside this very small space resides a rather large oven, and from that rather large oven emerges the most delightful pizza I have ever had. Morel mushrooms, you haunt my dreams.  Other things worth mentioning, yes, its busy, and sometimes crowded, but they will call your cellphone if you want to go for a walk or a drink while waiting. The service is prompt and lively, and  the other dishes on the menu that we've tried have been equally tasty- I would especially noteworthy was  the honey ice cream , that has If I remember correctly, a grapefruit glaze, and is served with halved minted grapes.....Nice wine selection, and interesting micro - soda collection.  Thank you Tom Douglas for a restaurant that celebrates the unique flavors of ingredients with out a $200 bill at the end!  Worthy Pie!Yup. Still got it.It was good, but it didn't blow my mind or anything.The service at Serious Pie was wonderful. The quality of the pizza was awesome. I wasn't too thrilled with one of our choices (pork belly, onions and some type of berry I think) but absolutely loved the other choice (buffalo mozz, red sauce & basil). It was just before lunch when we walked in and the restaurant quickly filled up. I think I'd like to go back at an off-peak time as it was pretty cramped once all the tables filled up..I thought it was delish. Pizza just the way i like it. The crust was cooked through and it wasn't too cheesy. A little on the pricey side but a nice treat every once in a while. Ill definitely be back next time I'm in Seattle.was really impressed here.  made me think of Pizzeria Mozza LA (which is my fave)600 deg stone encased applewood oven producing blistering light crust brushed with olive oil; it was deliciousonly had a chance to try the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone, wish I could have tried the others toogot devoured in like 2 seconds.back again for more.  if you're a pizza purist though, this is more like foccacia crust.  the most popular pizzas appeared to be the mushroom and the potato.  went with the fennel sausage again and this time tried the chanterelle mushroom with truffle -- a delicious white pizza.  also had the charcuterie plate with was excellent.  the apple tart dessert was more like one of those iced cereal bar flavors.Caveat.  My experience with Serious Pie was a very delayed night thanks to my wallet getting stolen, so the pizza was seriously cold by the time we enjoyed it,  HOWEVER.  This stuff truly is serious.  Perfectly sized, flatbread pizzas that were still the perfect balance of doughy-ness with flatness.  We had the prosciutto and mushroom pie as well as the margarita option.  Even cold, the flavors were great.  Margarita was as it should be -- simple, great flavors enhanced with fresh herbs and garlic, allowing the tomato flavor to come alive.  The earthy combo of prosciutto and mushroom was decadent.  Rich chunks of prosciutto, accompanied with quality mushrooms.  Oh - and I had no idea this was a Tom Douglas joint until doing this review!  Even cold, these pizzas were great!Really good pizza. They had a cool pizza happy hour which gave us a chance to get multiple personal pizzas so we could try more flavors. It's a very thin crust and is good:) nice place to eat!Great pizza.  We shared a buffalo mozzarella and a few beers. Perfect amount.. Would recommend..Delicious!  The pizzas are petite, so we ended up ordering a second.The pies are really good, but its not worth waiting for an hour to eat there. we were a party of 4 and they said 1 hr wait time which ended up being 1.5. So be prepared to wait. The pie I had was excellent, sausage and peppers. The pie with squash and the one with potatoes is not as goodThis SERIOUSLY sucks, as do all Tom Douglas restaurants. How this guy became a "famed chef", I have no idea. Honestly, when I heard the name of this place and it being next to the bakery, I thought...GREAT IDEA, a place for pie and coffee! No such luck. This is Tom's attempt at stupid, west coast pizza ala California Pizza Kitchen. Small, over-priced pizza with toppings that are supposed to be inventive, but really don't taste good together and the crust is too doughy. I believe there is a $150 bottle of wine on the menu...kind of reminds me of the Dom Perignon on the Hooters menu. Serious Hooters.I had been looking forward to this much hyped restaurant for months. My wife and I brought two friends and we each ordered different pizzas. I went with the sausage and cherry bomb pepper pie, we also had the potato, the buffalo mozz and tomato, and the special of the night with salumi and caramelized onions. The first bite I took reminded me of a microwave pizza I used to eat as a kid, one my dad bought frequently from Costco. Needless to say, this is not good. I was expecting pizza heaven, not the taste of mass produced microwaveable "food." I think it may have had a lot to do with the sauce which was on the sweet side. The other pizzas were marginally better than mine, but none came close to our standard, Pagliacci. The potato was best, but it was also the least like pizza. It was more like flatbread.One other problem with all our pies: they were overly salted. None of us will go back. There are plenty of great pizza places in Seattle.I wasn't expecting much when I was told I should check this place out, but I'm so glad I did!  Serious Pie is seriously yummy.  The crust was perfectly crisp and soft (not chewy), the topping choices on their pizzas mesh really well together.Serious Pie, the best pizza I've ever had!!! There are maybe 10 places in the world that you have to eat at before you die, this is one of them. If you ever get to Afghanistan, RC East FOB Shank the pizza there is close.not very serious. honestly, its NOT the best pizza I have ate in Seattle. Sorry Tom.I'm a bit torn here between three and four stars. It was tasty but parts of one of the pies (clams and pancetta) was way too salty and the salad was nice but a bit underwhelming. $15 per pie and another $15 total for the two appetizers wasn't outrageous but on the high side I thought. The wine (Rosso di Montalcino) was fine and reasonably priced at $35. The service was friendly and reasonably fast. We'll probably give this place another chance some day but for now I'll be harsh and stay with three stars.I'm not really sure about the health benefits of a gluten-free diet, but after eating here, the idea is difficult to consider. Their crisp, yet chewy crust is fantastic. As I ate, I was reminded of the reason by the sacks of high gluten flour and the wheat table centerpieces. Their crust is what sets serious pie apart from other pizza restaurants. They have an interesting selection of toppings from potatoes to unusual cheeses and fruit. The ones that I tried were really good. My only complaint is that the pizzas are somewhat small. I really needed two pizzas to feel satisfied. But, I guess you are really paying for the quality ingredients and their expertise in baking it perfectly.I love their pizza.  We usually get take out.  They give an estimate on pick-up time based on how busy they are and almost always guess spot-on.We always order the potato pizza and the sausage pizza.  Amazing crust.Friendly and efficient, even though they are always jam packed.  Be warned if you plan to eat there, the waiting space is non-existent and the restaurant small.  Be prepared to put your name on the list then go grab a drink.  They'll call you when they're getting close.SERIOUS COW PIE is what this place should be called. Seriously, no joke... I do want to say the hostess was HORRIBLE! So rude and disrespectful that it's not worth my time and money.  We went in this place for the first time to have dinner w/ a few friends, and kind of celebrate our 15 yr anniversary along w/ going to see a show at the Moore Theater.  Anyhow, we were at the restaurant early and I was feeling dizzy/ill and had to eat asap.  We asked if it was okay to be seated (for 2) then when the rest of our party (additional 2) arrives to be seated together, and they agreed, so we ordered and ate.  However, when the time came (45 min later) one of our friends arrived and we wanted to finally sit together, or maybe our friend could sit across the way because seating for 2 was open there and one other friend would have been in but was looking for parking.  The hostess gave us this dog and pony show saying that she couldn't seat us together because she has 2  areas where a total of 4 can be seated but  these so called customers weren't there to be seated in a spot. Nobody but just my friend in their tight waiting area sat.  So we patiently waited and accomodated our situation, my husband left the restaurant to get a latte around the corner so that I could at least talk to my friend,  I figured he would be back in time to have the dessert we ordered.   Well 15 min go by and no one is still sitting at those seats, and the seats next to you mind you were empty however, the hostess did manage to leave 2 menus there to save for the 2 guests a seat over from the both o us (but yet our friends couldn't sit there even though we were there 45 min before this couple).  We asked her again, and again we got the dog and pony show saying that the seats are saved for customers, and I told her that we are paying customers and that we would much appreciate to be seated together since we had been there awhile and she agreed to seating us together.  Again, she pushed back and was trying to give me the schpeel that this is a communcal seating restaurant, which I totally understand and told her "I know but you have these open spots that could totally accomodate" and then she offered to give them to us for just 15 minutes.  I told her "never the f*ck mind, you just ruined our night... just give me a box for my dessert that I ordered because I'm not going to waste my time argueing with a unhelpful bitch!"  I just lost it... I called my husband to come back and pay for this mediocre food because I was not willing to sit in this establishment one more minute to argue with this person acting like a c*nt.  So really I'm not going to pay for mediocre pizza at a mediocre restaurant and bad service. Mind you, all things were not bad, their waitstaff was nice and was very accomodating and attentive but it didn't matter because the host ruined our entire experience that I will NEVER ever go to/or buy a Tom Douglass ANYTHING... All because of such a rude, hostess.  So very sad because we are such big fans of  the Dahlia lounge bakery & Lola... In fact, we named our white boxer Lola,after one of my favorite restaurants :(  Note: If you decide to venture out to this establishment beware of the bitchy, tall, thin, blonde in her early 60s, who wore the most ridiculous looking plaid pants... She's bound to have an attitude with you too!First place we hit up in town, crowded and tight seating but we started with a delicious, a bit spicy kale salad and we were debating on which pie to get and went with buffalo mozzarella one-light sauce and delicious, crust seemed to be a bit salted-enjoyed the meal.This place would have been 3 or 4 stars, but the price and the seating (crowded on long tables with random strangers) bumped it down. It is you typical Tom Douglas restaurant: overpriced, overrated, overcrowded. It was just more than I wanted to pay and the portions aren't that big. It was also super-crowded so not a great experience. I won't be back...Simply awesome. This was our second time today and we had visitors from  Toronto and they were fascinated. Our party of six ordered different pizzas from the menu and all were great. Coconut pie is a must have !Stopped in to try after I'd been hearing about this place for years, and was not disappointed  in any way. Went with a few others, which allowed us to try a bit more than if I was solo. The pies we ordered turned out awesome. So many ingredients one would never expect to see on a pie, but seriously.....that 'ish was amazing! Tom, you did it again, and maybe next time I wont wait so long to sample one of your restaurant creations!  Wait staff was friendly, attentive, involved and entertaining as well. Good times all around.Serious Pie is great when there is less crust around instead of 1/3 being the crust, but it's good pizza even coming from NYC, it reminds me of the L'asso pizza (Located on Mott Street, FORGET Lombardi's that is tourist junk- local go to L'asso in Nolita)!!However, one thing about two of Tom Douglas restaurants - including LOLA - way too salty - so I wont go to LOLA again and that is not a great greek/Mediterranean food for sure.  Yes I have been to Mediterranean many times.Cozy, but great menu and good service.Serious Pie indeed.  I am rarely satisfied with a meal that follows over an hour's wait, but I would come back to this place again and again.  And they do take-out - what a boon for the pizza-loving universe.I came for a Saturday dinner with three friends and we put our name down at 7 and sat down a little after 8.  The place was packed, but the estimated wait time given was fairly accurate.  We left a phone number and wandered around downtown.  Painless.The space was very small and tables were close together yet didn't feel cramped.  We sat in tall, comfortable chairs and sipped on sangiovese and brown ale.  The meal was long and relaxing with great service and excellent food.The four of us shared two starters and both were top notch.  The nduja sausage with oven-dried tomatoes and pascoli del chianti delivered thick, salty, pepperoni-like rounds of sausage with juicy bursting morsels of tomato.  Peaches, burrata, and pine nuts was a simple appetizer that made the most of great ingredients - the peaches were at peak ripeness and the little ball of cheese oozed with cream.But oh, the pie!  I know my fellow Angelenos like Seattle, and take it from me - Serious Pie is the Mozza of the Pacific Northwest.  Matt B. liked it better, Michael K. preferred Mozza, and I couldn't choose, so let's just say it's comparable.  That's saying a lot.Each pizza was sized for one hungry person, presented on a flat black cutting board.  The pizzas were slightly ovular and sliced into eight uneven pieces.  I favored the pieces with more stuff and less crust - though the crust was fantastic, thin in the middle and chewy and charred with a little bit of bubble on the edges, the toppings carried more excitement.Not one of the four pies we ordered was anything less than impressive.  The simplest of the bunch was made with buffalo mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes, and it was salty, cheesy, and acidic, with some killer red sauce and flavorful ribbons of basil.  The chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese was a powerful argument to give up meat forever - it was the most decadent of our pizzas, smothered in gooey, aromatic cheese with a plentiful dose of chewy mushrooms and a sprinkling of herbs.  This was the saltiest of our pizzas, but the salt was heavenly.  Of course, the fennel sausage pizza was a generous reminder of the glory of meat.  The sweet sausage made for an irresistible, savory pie, amped up by gypsy peppers, provolone, and herbs.  Last but not least was a pizza with Penn Cove clams, house pancetta, and lemon thyme.  This was unlike any clam pizza I've had before, in that it did not depend on garlic to deliver some deep flavor and spice.  The clams were fresh, chewy, and juicy, and the pancetta added the always welcome salt and fat of pork to the equation.I know that a lot of people don't seek out fancy ingredients or a trendy environment and a long wait to go with their pizza.  I understand the appeal of pepperoni and cheese, believe me I do.  But Serious Pie is just what it purports to be - a casual pizza joint with a thoughtful, effective dose of gourmet.  It may be a bit more precious than your average neighborhood pizzeria, but when that delicious, steaming pizza hits the table, you don't go for fork and knife.  You put that Serious Pie in your drooling, grinning face.Happy Hour. Cramped. We got the last two seats in the restaurant! Wow, that smells amazing. Did I mention it's cramped? The "lady" next to us is discussing her recent plastic surgery and she and her dining companion are now comparing scars. We order beers and pizza with eggs, mushrooms, arugula, clams - these things belong on a pizza? I can't imagine. Now they're discussing what they want to do with their lives. They're in their late 40s. Pizza's here! Ooooooh yes, this was worth the wait. Truffle cheese you just made my day. Crust is crusty, cheese is cheesy, egg is....surprisingly good on a pizza! Parking sucks, but we'll return and try to snag a non-communal table, plastic surgery-free table next time.It is good, but doesn't live up to the hype. Being a big fan of Via Trib, the bar is set high. The pizza is good, but usually when I have pizza I can't get enough. This was not an issue on my visit. We tried a few different pies, the truffle and cheese one, the sweet potato and a margharita style. The simplest one was the best. I had high expectations of the sweet potato one, and it was pretty good but after only one small piece I was ready to move onto the next one. Same with the truffle pie. I'm not in a hurry to go back but if I end up there again maybe they'll win me over and earn another star or two :) The communal style seating wasn't so bad. I was skeptical at first but if you're with company you enjoy, you'll forget that you're sitting next to strangers.Went here for a company Christmas party and it was great! Good food, great staff, definitely recommend it!Went for a walk today and my friend said let's get Serious Pie!  I was game- never been before but heard it was good.  We were going to eat in but the wait for a table was long so we ended up ordering our pies to go.  We ordered one regular margherita and one with sausage.  It's fun watching the open kitchen.  We felt bad for the talented lady in front of the oven.  It looks HAWT!  But she was a pro- and the pies turned out beautiful.  The crust was both crispy yet chewy and there was just the right amount of cheese and sausage.  Delicious!  The hostess told us happy hour from 3-5pm where you get get smaller pizzas for $5.  Sounds like a good time to me!  It's a little pricey but you are eating in downtown afterall...  so enjoy the pizza!The pizzas here are delicious and expensive.  I can't easily categorize this type of pizza into my broad divisions (NY, Chicago, Neapolitan and cheap college take out style), but if you like pizza (in general) and are in Seattle, you should try this place.All the times I've went, the lines were really long so take out might be a better option.I must also add to this review that the Fennel sausage pizza made me a sausage on my pizza convert. Normally, I refuse to eat sausage. Here, I can't WAIT to put it in my mouth. Yes, I just said I can't wait to put sausage in my mouth. Deal with it. Order the sausage pie AND the standard cheese pie. THEY ARE RIDICULOUSLY GOOD.I had to eat here after seeing the mouthwatering picture of the Penn Cove clam pizza in the recent Seattle magazine.  Two of us were able to sit alone in one of the back tables (not always the case, as the large tables sometimes require sharing with other guests).  The hand painted art gave the place a certain whimsical charm.  The pizza, cut into into 8 slices, was on the small side and disappeared in less than 5 minutes.  Burnt perfectly the way I like it, the pizza was perfect.  I think it was one of the best pizza's I've ever eaten!Tom Douglas is an institution in Seattle, and Serious Pie does not disappoint.  If you're looking for a classic, get the buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, and fresh basil.  It's a thin crust with a touch of sea salt that gives it a delicious crunch.  Tom is not kidding around with those pies...Atypical but yummy.I had really high expectations for Serious Pie, and was sadly completely underwhelmed by the food. The staff and servce? Great, and my dislike of the food is not in any way a reflection of the great people who work there.I went with three friends, and we each tried a different pizza. Not a single one of the pizzas was remarkable, and the crust was overly salty. I think that the concept of the place, to make gourmet and unusual pizzas, is really interesting but the execution just isn't my favorite.Getting a table is also relatively challenging, since they don't take reservations. We waited for about 40 minutes to get a table for what was ultimately not worth the wait.Went to Serious Pie on Sunday and was blown away by how delicious their pizza was. Thanks to our wonderful server  and her spot on recommendations! We started with the fava beans, local radishes, miner's lettuce salad. We then had the house salumi, caramelized onions, cacio cavallo pizza...which was SO good that we had to order another pizza, the buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato pizza. The crust is p-e-r-f-e-c-t~ Thanks for a great early Sunday dinner!I've never used recreational drugs, but I think we can consider the pizza at Serious Pie a gateway drug into the bad bad world of delicious.  I'm about a fleck of coarse salt away from needing an intervention (I'm thinking of asking Tom Douglas to run it).  I can literally hear the deluge of endorphins rush through my central nervous system as I bite into the guanciale+soft egg+dandelion.  The lemon-and-salt tossed bitter greens add a perfect edge to the unctuous guanciale (cured pigs' cheeks), and the wonderful egg rounds everything out as you finish with the luxurious olive-oil scented, wood-fired crust.  And I can feel my veins tingle as I bring the house-made fennel sausage closer and closer to my pulsating lips, nestled ever so carefully in the embrace of a sweet pepper or two.  I'm sure my pupils were the size of a black truffle by this point, and I'm sure I can stop when I want to.  But that's just it, I don't WANT YOUR $##*! HELP, JUST LEAVE ME ALONE, I WILL NOT GO TO REHAB.  I KNOW WHAT I'M @@!!)$&#@ DOING WITH MY MOTHER&$#&$ LIFE.PS - I also ate at Pizzeria Mozza and had a pie similar to the egg/dandelion/guanciale flavor, and Serious Pie FAR outdid Mozza.  I know Mozza's got the Batali/Silverton dream team backing it, but Serious Pie seriously schooled them IMHO.  Werd...expect a wait because this place is tiny and their pizzas are sort of amazing. the host will take your name and phone number and give you a call a few minutes before your table is ready. and since you're in downtown, there are lots of things you can do or see while you wait for your phone to ring. we took the opportunity to take some night shots of the Pikes Place Market signs.we got the chantrelle mushroom with truffle pizza and the clams with panchetta and lemon and thyme. by far the winner was the chantrelle pizza. the dough was really light and airy but still crisp with a slight chew. and the toppings were just perfect. i would recommend this place to anybody going to Seattle.While three stars might be a little harsh given the local pizza scene, I am an East Coaster currently living in New Haven, which in my mind invented North American pizza. You won't find such a concentration of amazing pizza joints anywhere else in America - throw a stone and it will likely land on a delicious pie in the town.This being said, Serious Pie put in a good effort. The topping combos - including exciting non-traditional additions such as soft egg, truffle cheese, and penn cove clams in some pies - are inventive and mouth-watering.  We ordered the traditional margherita-style pie and were satisfied with the generous, tangy pizza sauce that smothered the paper-thin crust.  The fresh buffalo mozzarella was melted perfectly and the local fresh basil added the right amount of freshness to the pizza.  We were very happy with it - until we got to the crust. Now the crust really distinguishes the good pizza and the great. And frankly, the crust lost us at Serious.  We've had amazing Neopolitan-style pies that have the airiest, fluffiest crust that just crumbles and then melts in our mouth when you take a bite (try Two Amy's in Washington, DC if you're ever in town on a visit) - so we know it's possible.  This is where Serious just fell flat ... literally.  I was also disappointed with the guanciale, soft egg, and local frisee pizza.  As my dining companion said, "It's just not pizza." It was more like a salad-bread, and I'm a sucker with anything with a soft egg on it.  While the individual components were all very tasty - the guanciale had a nice cheesy bite to it, the frissee was dressed in a nice, light citrus, and the soft egg was okay (although a bit overdone) - it just didn't come together to taste like a pizza. Two Amy's in DC does an amazing egg pizza with green tomato, guanciale, with a soft egg in the middle. Perhaps I was trying to conjure that pie when I ordered this one, but was sad when it didn't measure up.I also agree with the previous reviewers that talk about the serious price of these pies - it seems a bit much given you know there must be better out there for less.First time last night.  Great company and just about perfect pizza and vino.Great food, servers are helpful.  Table sharing is an acquired taste.  Love the food!I saw this place on food network and decided that I needed to try it. The pizzas were to die for. The truffle cheese pizza is by far my favorite but the fresh mozzarella and potato pizza is just as good.  Its worth the long waits to get a table. Everyone should try this place at least once.Great pizza.  Great service. Consistent on every visit.  Who could ask for more?Seriously awesome. Had a GREAT meal here along with excellent service. We were on our way to the airport with two huge bags and no where to store them and the staff was so cool about grabbing them for us and taking them to stow in the back without me even needing to ask - super nice because I always feel awkward asking for favors like that... anyhow, the food was fantabulous, the wine went down easy and it was a good night ;)Variety of pizzas with unique toppings. Kinda spendy ($11-$15 per pizza) for a personal pizza, but tasty nonetheless. The prosciutto wrapped melon was delicious and refreshing appetizer, though I'm fairly certain it's a seasonal item as it was on the menu the first time we were there, but not the second time about 8 months later.There can be a really long wait for a table (or a spot at a table). Drop your name and number and walk west a block to 2nd & Virginia and take in a couple drinks at the Whiskey Bar(cash only) while you wait.I'm still deciding whether or not to give this place a 3 or a 4 star rating. For gourmet pizza, it was good but it really pales in comparison to Pizzeria Mozza in West Hollywood. They didn't have as large a selection as Mozza and it wasn't as super tasty. They were bigger even though priced equally the same. We got the penn cove clam, house pancetta, and lemon thyme pizza as well as the chanterelle mushroom, truffle cheese pizza. The clam one was ok but I wish more pancetta was on there. The clams seemed a little too salty for me. But the truffle cheese was delish! I want more, and the mushrooms were so yummmmm! That pizza alone has now bu,ped this rating up to a 4. :)This is not traditional pizza. It is frou-frou pizza but it is tasty as are the salads and desserts. The atmosphere at the restaurant is cozy and laid-back. Waits can be long.imho, i'm gonna have to say that serious pie is, figuratively and literally, the weak sauce. when i heard about it, i was stoked because i generally like tom douglas restaurants and i heart me some pizza!  so my friends and i went down for lunch one day.we had to wait like 30 minutes to sit in bar stools.  enough said.i ordered the cherry bomb pizza.  the crust is, meh.  i usually love pizza from wood fired ovens, but it tastes like a burnt matzah cracker.  the toppings weren't nearly as flavorful as i thought they were going to be.  most importantly, the sauce was rather bland.then i thought to myself, maybe it's just this one pizza, so i tried some of my friends' pizzas.  one was like a prosciutto with olive oil and the other a margarita style pizza.  they were both sub-par.  i felt like yelling, like "hello!?!? taste!?!?"one thing that really bugged me to the fullest extent of the law...no coca-cola.  oof!  that's like the ultimate faux-pas for a pizza place.  for pop, you can only get these weird $4 fruit sodas.  i had one, it was garbage.  i'm dumbfounded.  they have coke next door at the dahlia lounge.so, overall i had a crappy experience and my friends think i am completely retarded.  they like it.  maybe i am just too institutionalized when it comes to pizza, but i think that serious pie is trying to be different just for the sake of being different.There was a line out the door when we arrived, which maybe isn't so tough with such a small place. However, we were able to leave a cell phone number with the front desk and wonder a few blocks away window shopping. When we got the call we walked back and were promptly seated and served a meal that justifies this little restaurants reputation. It's nice to eat a pizza that is so simple yet towers above other pizza joints in sophisticated originality. Extra points for serving Izze. cheers!Deep in the slums of Tom Douglas Restaurantland, a $14 small (10") pizza made of dough, some peppers and sausage awoke one evening to find itself melting apart in my small intestine. It gurgled something about costing too much for only containing four ingredients, but was drowned out by a glass of wine costing just as much. Its final death knell, sounding like a supermodel sinking into cesspit: "You can't afford me!, not with the economy in shamb-- --" but by then it was too late, and the six drunk tourists sharing our table toasted, "To apathy!" We have been fair weather friends ever since.OMG!  I'm amazed that this place doesn't have better reviews!  Now to begin the opposite trend that I started when I first got here...bringing places up instead of dragging them down.This is not a pizza and beer joint...by no means whatsoever.  Actually, I had a glass of wine with my food...not a common occurance for a beer snob such as myself.  Yes, there was a wait, but it gave us a chance to circle around the "Tom Douglas" block and check out the quaint market on the corner (they don't have cat food, btw).  Arriving back to Serious Pie, we were seated almost immediately.The ambiance is great, it seemed a little loud when we first arrived to put our names on the list, but it was quiter when we went back.  The lighting is very subtle, creating a glow.  The artwork is relatively simple and well placed.  Would be a not too bad place for a date.The waitron was quirky, funny, and not completely knowlegeable about the menu...but his interestingness made up for it.  We shared a "salad" as an appetizer.  It was slices of seedless watermelon with crushed red pepper, onions, and a tasty cheese I've never heard of.  After slight hesitation on both of our parts, my friend and I decided that it was the perfect palate cleanser and would consider ordering it again.  Then we shared the mushroom pizza with truffle cheese...delicious!  And I'm not a huge fan of fungi.  Something about the saltiness of the crust and the texture of it just worked out perfectly.  The meal amounted to the perfect amount of food for us to share, as well.  Had to get dessert, too.  Ordered a buttermilk pannacotta with raspberries.  So tasty!  The only issue I had with it was that the pannacotta was in a pool of balsalmic vinegar.  Doesn't quite go together in my head.  But it sure did in my belly!I'll be back with out of town guests!  Or maybe before!seriously, i took katie b.'s serious recommendation and came here for some serious pie. seriously, that's a lie; i ended up here thanks to a search for a kale salad within walking distance of my hotel, but then later i realized katie had been here too!so kale salad didn't end up happening (boo hoo) because our sweet waitress dani informed of the prevalence of cheese already mixed in. i did, though, thoroughly enjoy the organic mixed greens with the flavorful vinaigrette, and dani did guide me to a pizza sans cheese but with lots of veggies, along with a little bowl of sliced jalapenos to satisfy my ever present need for heat. ms. kim ordered the mushroom pizza and was beyond happy. as for my pizza, the flavors were great, but i'm not super into flatbread pizza.definitely recommended for people without dietary restrictions. you'll all be happy chompers here. :)Delicious!! You can tell this place uses high quality ingredients, which means even their simplest dishes are amazing. I went with friends and we shared two pizzas: the mushroom and cheese pizza and the fennel sausage pizza. Both were fabulous! I recommend ordering a side of their red pizza sauce. The sauce is so delicious- it is great for dipping your crust, adding extra to your pizza (they go light on the sauce), or just eating it with a spoon. The only reason I gave it a 4 star is their "communal table" seating (aka, you will have to sit next to another party if your group is less than 6 people) and we had over an hour wait (we went at 6:30 on a Saturday). However, both are understandable as this is a very small and very popular restaurant. I will say, if you come here and face this wait time, it is worth it!Came back for happy hour. Such a good deal! I tried four of the pizzas. As well as the house made italian soda... black currant with gelato! Amazing. Service was kind of whack during happy hour. But I also came back that weekend for a pickup and the people behind the counter were nice.Truffle pizza.  Two of my favorite things in one.  This place did not disappoint.High class pizza with reasonable prices.  Good date spot with a good selection of Italian wines.  For you bay area types, it reminded me of Rustica in the east bay.  I am backing it and will be back.Serious.Awesome fresh ingredients and good size portions. There was a half hour wait so they let us go next door for a drink and they called us when our table was ready!What a great place to go for dinner on a cold, drizzly Seattle Saturday night.  Even though my friend and I waited about 40 min to be seated, the cozy atmosphere along with the great smells wafting out of the pizza oven only helped to heighten our anticipation for a great meal.  My vegetarian friend had the bread soup for a starter and raved about it the whole time she was slurping it up.  I started dinner out with the brussel sprouts  with pork belly.  This was a great dish with the addition of small bread bits and what I think were tiny cubes of apple.   I loved how they have non-traditional pizza joint appetizers on their menu; however, I guess this is to be expected from a Tom Douglas restaurant.  We then split the chanterelle and truffle pizza which was fantastic.  There pizza is more of like a focaccia style crust, more spongey than your usual style pizzas.  For dessert we had the cannoli, which was a prefect shareable dessert since it comes with two cannoli.  They were accompanied with poached quince and pine nuts and had the lightest filling to them.  The whole meal was delicious and was the perfect amount of food for two people without either one of us feeling heavy or hungry when we left.Delicious.  Thank you for a wonderful meal with nice service as well!My boyfriend and I saw this place featured on the food network, on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The food topic was pizza, and at the beginning of the show I was sure there wouldn't be any restaurants in our area and that everything would be located New York or Chicago or something. We decided to watch it for fun anyway. My ears suddenly perked up when I heard one of the chefs mention Seattle, Washington. I memorized the name of the place, Serious Pie, of course, and googled it. I was planning a Seattle visit in the next few days to see my cousin, so I figured this would be a good place to have lunch. And boy, was I right. If you go there between 3 and 5 on Monday-Friday, you can get half sized pizzas for $5 a pop. This is what we did when I went there with my boyfriend and cousin. I was first expecting to order one half sized pizza for each of us until I saw some come out. They're quite small, I'm not even a very big eater and I would want two for myself, so we decided to order a couple different pizzas; one with buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomato, one with yukon gold potato, rosemary and olive oil, one with cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage, one with roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese, and one with house salumi, walla walla onions, and cacio cavallo. Odd ingredients, I know. I had to ask our waitress what quite a few of the items were. Every single pizza was delicious, though. I absolutely loved it. My favorites were the buffalo mozzarella one and the house salumi one, they're heaven on earth. We even ordered a few extra to bring home. Technically they're not allowed to do to go happy hour pizzas, so don't mention that you plan to take them home when ordering. I went to on my second visit to Serious Pie a few weeks ago and tried yet another amazing pizza which I was VERY skeptical about. It has guanciale, soft egg, and arugula and it's SO GOOD. I never even knew that pizzas were made with eggs as toppings, but I'm oh so glad that I now know. I've still yet to try their penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme pizza. I'm not big on clams but my boyfriend desperately wants to try it. God, my mouth is watering just thinking about their eggy pizza.Another Tom Douglas joint, a pizza place with a minimal menu. I do have to say the pizza ingredients are well comprised. I had the sausage and it was phenomenal. The crust was a bit too crispy, but I'd rather have it like that than the droopy crustThere wine recommendations was good as well. The pizzas are not huge. ...I definitely recommend getting a salad to complement it. Service was very friendly and knowledgeable about which ingredients were more seasonal.Overpriced, tiny pizzas.  I've been here maybe 3  times, thinking that they could possibly redeem themselves from the last time.  Wrong. I just couldn't get over the lack of flavor and how ridiculously pricey it was.  Even the dessert was mediocre.  Not returning here.This is my kind of pizza!  Incredible crust, quality toppings and not a lot of cheese.  Serious Pie pizza has just the right amount of char and is a perfect single person size.  My only compliant (besides being crowded all the time) is the seating.  They cram a lot of people into those community tables so if you are looking for someplace  to whisper sweet nothings...this isn't it.Like the name suggests, this is serious. Pizzas are unique and tasty and like nothing I had ever had before. Also enjoyed a salad that was easily enough for two persons. Believe it or not, Tom Douglas sat down right next to us!There must be something in the Serious Pie atmosphere.  That has to be the reason why we went in on Saturday afternoon on the Savor Seattle Food Tour, tried to go back for dinner (no luck, two-hour wait), and again Sunday (called in for takeout, back to the hotel room we go).We had everything on the pizza menu.  You name it, we ate it.  More like devoured.  It's like eating with a young Monica Geller: if you didn't eat fast, you didn't eat at all.Drum roll, please.  The list below, in order of my favorite to something I don't quite want to eat again.  Goes to show that not everything pleases my palate.1) roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese.  Like heaven, only with melted cheese, and mushrooms, and in your mouth.2) cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage.  Perfect amount of spice and meat.  Flavor explosion.  In your mouth.3) penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme.  Clams!  On a pizza!  With pancetta!4) house salumi, saracena olives, sole di sardegna.  Normal.  And I picked out the olives.  Me + olives = gross face.5) delicata squash, roasted garlic, gorgozola.  I know, squash on a pizza?!  But it actually mixed pretty well, so give it a go!6) guanciale, soft egg, dandelion greens.  Right, there was actually two fried eggs on the pizza dough.  Kind of hard to eat since they don't come pre-cut (so the egg yolks don't break), but still mighty tasty.7) buffalo mozzarella, san marzano tomato.  Once again, normal.  Nothing special, just your run-of-the-mill cheese and tomato pizza.8) yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil.  Nice try, but no dice.Like Marti L. said, 45 minutes to wait for takeout pizza.  Only to finish it within 15.  Worth it?  You tell me.Very good but also seriously expensive, I did a carryout and brought it back to the hotel. We had the Margherita good, and sausage with roasted red peppers great! It's not much on decor or dining in, but the oven is seriously sexy!Really good, interesting pizzas with a great atmosphere.  Communal tables in the SLU location is a great place to bring out-of-towners for a relaxed, no stress but super tasty meal.  Definitely order something with their in-house cured meats.  They are fantastic!Yummy pizza and great service. I would recommend getting an appetizer if there are 2 of you sharing the pizza...the pizzas are thin and delicious, but not very filling.I was hoping for a lot when it came to Serious Pie- my sister and her boyfriend had had the pizza (the clam pizza?) the day before and declared it something I had to try before leaving Seattle.  I didn't quite have the time to go in and have a sit down meal, but I did have time for a little late-night pizza party for one back at our hotel (the Westin was conveniently located about two blocks away).I decided to order the cherry bomb pepper and sausage pizza to go- it took about a half hour before it was ready and by then, I was salivating and my tummy was rumbling.  The pizza smelled delicious on my walk back to the hotel and the anticipation of taking a bite of that pizza almost overwhelmed me.  Good thing I didn't stop in the middle of the street and start digging into it.  In any case, once safely back at the hotel, the box was opened and the delicious aroma of sausage and pizza filled the room.  I was a bit disappointed though- the oblong pie was cut into 8 pieces and there was a grand total of 1 small sausage ball on each piece.  It was good sausage, but I really wish that they had given just a little more, considering the $15 price-tag.  There were times where you'd get a good mouthful of sausage, pepper and dough, while there were times when you'd get nothing but dough.  The cherry bomb peppers were also a disappointment- I thought they'd be spicier and they weren't- I didn't think they added much to the overall taste of the pizza.  The crust was very good- a little cornmeal kept the whole thing from getting soggy on my walk back, so it stayed fairly crisp.  Overall, Serious Pie makes a good pizza, just not as great as I'd thought it'd be.  I might be back were I back in the Seattle area, especially if I were to stay at the Westin again, to try some of their other variations- namely the clam and potato pizzas.Perfect Name for a great restaurant! Serious Pie has some serious pizzas...This place is definitely worth checking out.. One of Tom Douglas's reknown restaurants and it definitely lives up to its name. I went here with a group of friends and ordered some beer to go with our pizzas, great wine list btw. I ordered the Cherry bomb pizza and it was fabulous. The atmosphere was great and the service was superb! We had to wait a little for a table but good thing a group of people were on their way out or else we'd get split up to different tables. They have cafeteria style seating where you sit next to a group of others that you don't know which is probably the only negative.I agree with Hao. This place is overrated. While the atmosphere is great and the desserts tasty, the pizzas are only okay and way overpriced. That's not a good thing if you open a pizza place.Sorry Lily R.  It was I that was late and made her wait but it was only 2 hours which was nice for them so they can explore Seattle a lil bit.  I didn't eat here with them but they had a couple slices left over and since I got off the plane starving like marvin, I devoured their left overs.  The mushroom truffle oil pizza was my fave...they weren't button mushrooms but more like shitake mushrooms or some kind of long stemmed mushroom.  While Lily R liked the margherite, I didn't like it too much.  I usually do tho!  The sausage pizza was good but nothing exiting.  Reviewers, don't take my opinion too seriously because I ate cold pizza which equals cold cheese.  I would have to try it again.  I gave them 4 stars because of their crust.  It was perfect for my taste.Came in for the happy hour deal. There are definitely some unique creations on the menu but I'm not sure I'd pay for regular prices. I had a pizza that had an egg and kale as toppings and a nice dark beer to go with it. Can't remember what my friend got but I liked her pizza better. Definitely worth a try.Serious Pie indeed. Great atmosphere. Cozy, comfortable, feels like being home with friends. Great pizza, and for those of us who love to try different tastes of the pacific northwest the clam pizza is a must try. I loved it. super fresh ingredients. can't wait to go backHuge fan of this place. I love all the creative pizzas and recommend it to anyone visiting the city. It falls short of a 5th star for value. For the price, I'd like to see slightly large appetizers and pies.This is by far some of the best "pizza" i have ever had! It is small and always busy but worth the wait!Oh man, this pie is lovely! It can be a little packed at prime time, we waited for about 40 minutes for a table. Seating is close and cozy, but great ambiance. My favorite pie was the truffle cheese pizza, and I think it had mushrooms on it as well. YUM! YUM!Way overpriced. I'd think $11 would be more fair for the pizza I paid $17 for. I got prosciutto, onion, olives. One of my friends got the soft egg, kale and another got fennel sausage. Each pizza is very thin, and about 11''x6'' if I had to guess. We divided up the pieces and shared them.  They were just.. OK. I would expect amazing flavors because of the way this place is pumped up but I found the menu options, while original, were not so great. If you are craving pizza, don't go here. If you are up for some random flavors and a flat bread then you might like this more than I did.Way overpriced. I'd think $11 would be more fair for the pizza I paid $17 for. I got prosciutto, onion, olives. One of my friends got the soft egg, kale and another got fennel sausage. Each pizza is very thin, and about 11''x6'' if I had to guess. We divided up the pieces and shared them.  They were just.. OK. I would expect amazing flavors because of the way this place is pumped up but I found the menu options, while original, were not so great. If you are craving pizza, don't go here. If you are up for some random flavors and a flat bread then you might like this more than I did.Goodbye Sacramento.  I'm moving to Seattle so I can feast on Serious Pie on a daily basis.  This place is ridiculous!  We came on a Saturday afternoon, so there was no wait.  However, I hear that it can get pretty backed up at night.  With views into the open kitchen watching the chefs feverishly pull pizzas in/out of the wood burning oven is worth the trip itself.  Sit down at one of the bistro style rectangular tables and suck it all in.  FYI, this place gets crackin' so don't come if you are not a fan of communal seating.  Must haves, Russet Potato with Rosemary, and the Cherry Bomb with Fennel Sausage.  P.S. I think this is a great place to take a date, and I'm glad my friends could experience it for one of their first dating experiences.Serious Pie doesn't need advertising because it seems people already know about this little joint but my pizza was so freaking delicious I just had to throw another 5 stars its way. The communal seating means you might have to listen to a guy over analyze Halloween (I dress up as Freddy Kruger because he taught me how to dream) but just tune him out and enjoy the grub. Also, it ain't cheap, so save up your dough and then get some pizza dough. ahahahahahahPizza was bland, not a lot of flavor, and highly over-rated. I think I make better pizza at home.I can't rate Serious Pie for their food because after waiting fifteen minutes for our server to take our order, we left.  And I noticed our server lollygagging.  Come on, do your job!  What a waste of fifteen minutes.  I was really disappointed as I have heard good reviews on their food.  Too bad their service is awful.We waited in a non-busy restaurant over 15 minutes before we left without being served.  What a disappointing experience for a "Douglas" restaurant. 2-15-2011Must try for pizza lovers!  I'm not into pizzas that much and the very rare occasions that I dig them, I always opt for thick crust.  Pizzas in Serious Pie are served on thin crust but I enjoyed them.  I tried the sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza and the roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza, and I loved them both.  You can taste the freshness of the ingredients and be amazed by the unique flavors they offer.  Gourmet pizzas on a modern bar atmosphere!This place doesn't need anymore good reviews to pad its rating but it's honestly the ONLY pizza I want to eat now. Literally every single time I'm in Seattle, Serious Pie is a MUST. I know we should really try some other varieties, but the sweet fennel sausage + fennel + provolone pizza is just mindblowingly delicious and is our go-to choice every time. The flavours combine to create one magnificent experience and everything from the crust to the cheese to that sexy sausage is divine. If you order take-out, usually the wait is not ridiculous. Otherwise we also dined in on a Friday around 5pm and were seated immediately. You go Tom Douglas!I love you yelpers for guiding me to this pizza heaven. But while cruising the city, I discovered that almost everyone is clued-in to the greatness of this place - everywhere I went people were talking about this place so I was kind of leery...you know when people tell you something is so great and when you finally try it, it doesn't live up to your expectations?  Serious pie did not disappoint.  I can honestly say this is the best pizza i've ever had.  I didn't want it to end.  At the recommendation of the friendly staff, we tried the mushroom & truffle cheese pie.  TO. DIE. FOR.  We paired that with the kale and pinenut salad and some pinot - wow.  Believe the hype people.This place is unique and cute. The pizza is great but like many others have said the price is a bit high for the size of the portions. Overall it was a good experience just wish I got a little more for my money.Ok, so, this pizza is badass. It is called Serious Pie for a reason--they mean business. Some people might be frightened of the gourmet toppings, but SP can do no wrong in my book. The downside of their awesomeness is that everyone and their mom knows about it, and it is always slammed. I would opt for takeout whenever possible to avoid the wait. Their weeknight happy hour is great! From 3-5pm, there are $5 pies and $3 pints--a steal, in my opinion. Now, one of these happy hour pies won't fill you up, but it is a great way to try their pizza or have a quick after work snack. This place FILLS UP for happy hour, so be punctual and prepared for a little bit of a wait. My recent happy hour pizza choice was the guanciale, soft egg, and dandelion green pizza. I died and went to pizza heaven.Why would I give this place 5 stars, let me begin the ways......awesome hostess at the door, fresh.cool water offered to guest if they want. We started with the heirloom tomato, corn and anchovy salad that was a miss. The dressing did nothing for the  tomatoes. And $10?? go back to the drawing board on that one, simple salt & pepper would have enhanced the flavors, putting the corn in the pizza oven would help excite the dish as well, The oblong crispy crust pizzas, made for one but enough to share, make up for the miss, I ordered the potato, yes Dorothy, potato pizza is Italian, and the last one I had was so long ago from Healdsburg bakery in, you guessed it Healdsburg, Ca. This one is just about perfect with thin slices of Yukon potato & lite rosemary and olive oil, only wish that they would drizzle some extra olive oil on top before serving, my BF ordered the tomato & sausage & that paired well with the not as salty potato pizza I ordered. Since they make you share tables, ala community style you can't help but make friends with your neighbor, our Portland neighbors were great....Offering us a piece of pizza & a taste of their wine. We stuffed ourselves, yet stopped as not to ruin the experience. I felt guilty not giving away my coveted leftovers to the homeless people we saw on our way back to the hotel, forgive me Lord. And another thing the guys making the pizza were working hard and fast for the constant customers arriving at Serious Pie. Keep doing what you are doing but work on the presentations & dressings of the salads or starters. They also offer a short & sweet wine list.good placeFavorite Tom Douglas restaurant. I ordered the Yukon Gold Potato pizza (where else could you get a pizza with potatoes on it?) My meal was fantastic and the server was polite. Would recommend this place to anyone.i love serious pie, seriously. hah, all cheesiness aside, let me start by saying i think tom douglas is pretty overrated, so i groan hearing about yet another one of his restaurants in seattle. blah blah blah. however i was impressed with this place. it's small, quaint, and cute. i came for happy hour, and my bf and i ordered 3 mini pies, a salad, and beers. pies were a true thin and crispy crust -- my fave way to eat pizza. -yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino-sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone-3rd pie that i can't remember... maybe it was a special that day.-honeycrisp apple salad: which was really just strips of apple, reminiscent of elementary school snacks-elliott bay brewing ale: good compliment to the pies, although i would normally not drink such a light beer. conveniently it was $3.14 at happy hour. (get it? any math nerds out there?)i like how happy hr allowed us to try several pies for the price of one regular. it was plenty of food to fill us up and we left seriously hapPIE. hah.can't wait to visit seattle again to try the other pizzas!for a group of 6, we seriously lucked out by being able to get a table to ourselves the moment we walked in for sunday lunch. the place is very small, but quaint. can see through the kitchen and the chef's table which I would love to dine at in the future. now onto the food:- marinated lacinato kale, chilis, pine nuts  - full of flavor that even those who do not like kale loved this dish- oven roasted mussels with wine, artichokes and capers- the mussels and broth were flavorful. almost wish we had bread to dip in the broth. felt a bit odd to eat mussels and pizza though- sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone - flatbread pizza - flavorful sausage with cheese. thought it was ok but rest of the table loved it. - roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese - truffle makes everything taste 10x better! this was my fav dish which is evident because I ate multiple pieces!they have a wide selection of beer and even local beer and cider. great place to hang out with friends and share a meal.The biscuits are ridiculous! I bring some home every time I'm near there.Bummer, this was my third time eating here and it was a big disappointment. I had the pizza with roasted mushrooms & truffle cheese as well as the sauce-less special with "baby roasted peaches," coppa ham, and buffalo mozzarella. In the first instance the cheese was kind of hardened and gummy and the second one was too bland. Both pizzas really lacked a balance between crust and toppings. The crust was good as always but I just expect more at their prices.Didn't expect the 1 hour wait during Happy Hour on a Wednesday, but it was worth it! Can't beat the $5 mini pies and glasses of wine. My cousin and I each had a glass of the Montepulciano and shared the yukon gold potato, chanterelle/truffle cheese, and house salumi pies. All were excellent and delicious. Ingredients were fresh and the crust was crispy. Service was good. The communal seating made for a refreshing and new experience. It's not bad, but you probably shouldn't talk about any family secrets. :) That said, you really can't go wrong with a Tom Douglas restaurant.Obsessed with the wild mushroom and truffle pizza. Every time I'm in Seattle, I get my pizza fix at least once, if not twice during my trip. The wait can be crazy, but you can give them your number to call you when you're up. Never disappointed!Great pizza!  Fun to watch the Dahlia Bakery at work below.  A little pricey, though.Over the course of our two dining experiences while on vacation (yes I made a point of going back) we consumed the following amazing pies: buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomato, cherry bomb peppers and sweet fennel sausage, roasted squash, garlic, and gorgonzola, and finally my favorite: roasted chanterelles with truffled cheese. I could have eaten there every single day. The restaurant is very relaxed and cozy, the service is exceptional, and the unique pizza left such a positive impression on me that it will definitely rank in my top five pizza pie list.I've been here a few times and will keep going back. The crust is thin which is a must in my opinion. The selection reflects fresh local products and the taste is amazing. I think it's my favorite pizza in Seattle. Be prepared to share a table if you're a party of two.We were excited to try this place out since we love pizza (also we have been to Italy so we know really good pizza).  Well we quickly learned that you sit  with other people.  This place is tiny; we have sat with other people before but here you sit super close and hear everyones conversations.  Well our pizza comes and my husband's is really greasy; it was some clam pizza that had 3 tiny clams, boo to hardly any clams.  Mine was okay (pizza margarita or something like that) but it wasn't worth the price they charge.  Now reading the reviews now I see this place has been hyped up because of the owner.   So overall you get okay pizza that is over priced and you get to sit  with other people.  I guess if you really want to try their pizza get it to go.Very pricey pizza pies, but it was good. The pies were baked to get a crispy crunch. You can taste the freshness of the dough and the sauces. I tried the sausage and the yukon potatoes pie. The panna cotta was a great dessert to end with.Our second "Serious" spot on our food adventure, yup two in the same day. Delicious!! Don't forget the coconut pie...oh, my goodness!Awesome!I am not a gourmet yuppie pizza person.  I grew up in the Bronx.  However, I am a fan.  Excellent idea Tom.  Great flavors, and never thought to combine ingredients like they do.Went twice in two days. Salty goodness with perfect crust! We waited 2 hours to be seated the first evening (Saturday night) and about 30 minutes the second (Sunday night). But the wait was worth it and we had cocktails at Lola across the street. For serious pizza people, you'll find this a good bet.  If there is a complaint, I'd use a pinch less salt and less oil. Otherwise, perfection.OMG...This pizza is comparable to pizza in NYC which is quite the compliment!  I saw a profile of this restaurant on the Food Network, which is why I came.  I have driven past this place quite a few times but have never been inclined to stop by.  I had the Roasted Yellowfoot Mushroom pizza that the Food Network raved about, DELICIOUS!  The oil and salt that they finish the pizza with is exceptional.  I also had the Black Kale salad which was also very tasty.  I will be back to try their other pies!This is some of the best pizza I think I've had. Gourmet ingredients add a unique artisan flair to the traditional brick oven pie. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Seattle. This place is great for groups and even meeting new people with the community table layout.The pizza is very good.  It was a delicious touch there was truffle oil on the pizza and the ingredients are good quality.  However due to the wait and crowdedness was a drawback and I wouldn't go out of my way for it.SOO YUMMY! I love all the fresh and unique ingredients that they put on the pizzas.  The place is very cozy, and small.  It's very dim-lit, makes it feel very romantic. Good date place. The pizzas are thin and delicious. I've been here twice, and I will definitely keep going back.pros...as this was our farewell lunch before leaving the city, it was a perfect ending to our seattle taster trip.  the pizza here is really good.  you wait a bit but it's good.  we started with a nice cucumber salad, which was very fresh and a perfect start before the pizza came.  the pizzas here are really down to h-earth, nothing too crazy, but twists on basic pizzas.  ours was just a plain sauce and cheese.  but it was great, the cheese was super stringy, and the italians have a phrase for this type of cheese texture of endless stringy-ness, "tagliotele" which is telephone wires for the rest of us.  and that is just what you can do with the cheese, it so elastic and makes wonderful long lines.  the crust was nice as it had an appropriate amount of char on it, but this left the inside nice and doughy, but crisp on the outside.you can also get a lot to drink as well.   i settled with some "mexican" coke, and water.  but they do have wine and beer there as well.  all delicious i presume.cons...like i mentioned before, we did wait quite a while for the actual pizza.  but the servers are very kind and check up on you a lot.  but not intrusively.  all in all a great way to end our trip up to seattle. oh, parking still sucks.The roasted mushroom truffle cheese pizza was heavenly.  I can't believe I liked it so much and there is no meat in it.  Tutta Bella used to be my favorite pizza place in Seattle - but not anymore :o)I was dragged in for lunch by coworkers. It stuns me to say this but it was good. Had three different pizzas, all good. Had salad special of the day, really good. It was green beans, tomatoes and a bunch of nicely prepared stuff. Had Burrata cheese, really good. Had Italian soda of the day, again, good. Server good. Bathroom clean. Shuts me the fuck up, for sure.I love this place period! Yes there is a wait, most places in town that are any good have one. Yes its small, get over it. If you want a big place where you can sit down right away and have pizza go to Chucky Cheese.  If you want fresh, hot, inventive pie. With the best crust in the city. Go here, leave your name at the door. Walk around and come back when they call you. And get ready for simply damn good pizzaLove at first bite, yum... sweet fennel sausage, peppers, provolone pizza!!The ingredients were fresh, the toppings very tasty. But I do not like the crust. It is not really pizza, as far as I'm concerned. And it is too expensive. Not a hit, for me. No comparison to any of the great pizza I know from the east coast.Ooh a 'Tom Douglas, ooh a 'Tom Douglas'. Honestly, who cares. The pizza is good, overpriced, "...but it's a Tom Douglas", I don't care. The atmosphere is nice, and I like the communal aspect that tables are shared. The beer is consistent with all bars in the area.With a name like that, you know you are in for some good pizza... or is it pie? In this case, it's pizza and it's exceptional. The place is fun - a small bar like area with cool counter height seating and modern minimalist décor. I have eaten here several times, and every pizza has been great - I am a huge fan of the cherry bomb peppers and fennel sausage, as well as the roasted chanterelles and truffle cheese pizza, but everything, and I mean everything is very good. Be adventurous and try the pizza served with an egg on top. Desserts are also excellent as is the wine list. The prices are pretty reasonable but costs can add up quickly if you throw in a bottle of wine and dessert. Expect to spend about $80 for two. Also expect a wait on the weekends.I was initially excited to try another one of Tom Douglas' restaurants.  All of his others are fabulous. When we walked in to make a reservation, my nose experienced a whiff of a malodorous old meat-like scent.   Regardless of being put off by this scent, we decided to still give it a shot.  Our server was very pleasant (in time turning out to be the best part of our meal).  He suggested the appetizer of cold scallops on a bed of fresh peas.  We were not impressed by this.  The peas were good, the scallops were so so.  Our server did take it off our tab after we expressed how under impressed we were.  Then there was the "serious pie".  The mushroom and cheese pie w/ truffle oil was good but, not really worth the price.  Needless to say, Serious Pie needs to get a little more serious about their menu and that odor!Too expensive. The portions are small and the pizzas aren't even good. It was definitely weird sharing a table with a group of girls...talking about motor-boating... Serious pie wasn't anything we expected that's for sure.With no cleverness intended, my dad said that this had some "Seriously" well considered flavor profiles.  He was right and his pizza was incredible.  Ham, onion, fontina and Huckleberries it also had provolone and was wonderful.  I had the penn cove clam and pancetta pizza.  It was also really good, but not mind blowing.  Very good service.  Wonderful crust on the pizza.  Will definitely go back.Excellent pizza. Yes a little pricey, yes crowed. But excellent pizza. It also has nice dim lighting. I was thinking about taking a star off for the crowd and the wait but I can't blame other people for liking good pizza.Listen I don't want to sound like an east coast jackass but I have to ...I am only going to speak about the pizza's and burratta antipasto I had..The Pizza ehhhhh.... The quality of the ingredients is incredible they have wonderful produce in WA State! Amazing really made me wish i had somewhere to cook while i visited Seattle.The pizza itself was boring, soft with no crunch and dusted with cornmeal..wha tha!  Listen pizza presents itself in many styles but this was plain generic and boring aside from the fact the pizza combinations were very well conceived again nothing that new here for  moi..The Burratta and those amazing peaches with pine nuts and spritz of olive oil not to exciting other than the fact the peaches were unreal .. I will leave it at that.Overall I was really disappointed.Your whole concept of enjoying pizza will change after going though their menu and enjoy the amazing combinations over a decadent perfectly baked crispy and soft crust. Anything I said will be not enough to give the credit this place deserve. Laid back, smart, grungy, tree huger paradise. This place blew my taste buds!!!I've been to Serious Pie twice, and would definately go back. Tasty pizzas with unique toppings (think guanciale and penn cove clams). Forget Hawaiian or Meat Lovers; "soft-cooked duck egg and asparagus" has become my new favorite topping combo. I would recommend going during the much more affordable (and roomier) happy hour (3-5pm, M-F) since the restaurant can get extremely crowded and seating felt cramped during dinner, as the majority of tables are shared seating.Sometimes the simplest toppings make for the best pizzas. Wait, did I just make an ad copy? Or did I still it from an existing ad; or, better yet, was it incepted into my brain while I was in a dream, within a dream, within a dream (OK, in a year that joke will be so outdated)? Eh, I cheerfully digress. Serious Pie has some really delicious pizzas. First of all, this particular branch is a cozy restaurant tucked next to a U-stop parking lot. BTW, for all y'all tourists (and/or ignorami like us) out there, make sure you're paying the correct machine when you're parking at the U-Stop Parking lot, it's the one with the big giant finger saying "Pay Here." Just a friendly reminder. That is all. The interior is wonderful. It's warm and wooden, with oversized paintings and soft wall colors. I think the kitchen's twice as big as the dining area, and people are seated in communal tables. We decided to go for three pizzas: buffalo mozarella and roma tomatoes, clam/pancetta/thyme, and chanterelles/truffle cheese. Sounds simple, but the tastes are explosive. It reminds me of that plain-sounding prosciutto/cheese pizza that I inhaled @ Pizza Nea in Minneapolis. The clam pizza was a little sweet and briny from the tiny clams, but also has pops of saltiness from the pancetta. The cheese pizza is unadulterated and scarfable down. Or is it scarf down-able? But my favorite was the mushroom pizza. Holy gawd, that pizza was epic. The mushrooms were earthy and the cheese was unctuous but not too much, just the right amount of grease to make you feel like you're eating comfort food, not food coma food. And, of course, all these pizzas come from a wood burning oven, so you know that crust is money. Maybe not money, because if money tasted this good, I would have to eat all of it and die a penniless, albeit satisfied, fool.I enjoyed the food at this place but not the overall experience.  I'm not sure when the low key hours are or what the dimensions of the space are like at the other location, but for here I think you're better off ordering to go.The experience of eating here during prime time is really annoying.  If I'm going to wait an hour plus to get seated next to six of my not-so-closest friends, the food had better be life-changing.  Sadly, while the pizza and other dishes here are pretty good they in no way make up for the claustrophobic, cacophonous dining area you've got to eat them in.  As most of the seating is at communal tables you will be generally packed in like sardines with other people which is only preferable if you're sitting next to other patrons who are semi-conscious of this problem; the last time I was here I was seated next to a very loud family of four who drowned out my own conversation at all times and ordered enough food that their plates and elbows were always encroaching on what little room I had (I also got to enjoy intimate details on the current fat/not fat conditions of all of their Facebook buddies!)  I suspect some of this is by design in order to make the mood more lively but if you're like me and enjoy luxurious amenities like personal space and room for your drinks to be placed, I think you'll find it more irritating than fun.The food itself is pretty good.  Last time I had the pizza with fennel sausage and peppers, and it was certainly one of the better specialty pizzas I've had.  Each pizza seems to be prepared with a light dusting of sea salt that is just the right amount of enhancement for the meal.  Also really good is the appetizer of cured meats and toasted almonds; the salami was especially tasty.My experience with the staff was very pleasant as well given the overall conditions of the place.  If they could double the size of the restaurant and give people some breathing room to enjoy the good food...Yum.  We shared the salami platter and the duck egg, fennel sausage, and chanterelle/truffle pizzas.  Everything was delicious.  I loved the picked cauliflower on the appetizer platter.  The pizza crusts are amazing.  They are light, crispy and the perfect base for yummy pizzas.  I think the fennel sausage was the best, followed by the duck egg and chanterelle/truffle.  I think the chanterelle/truffle was a bit bland - it needed some black pepper or other spice, but it was still very good.  Had a nice glass of Montepulciano to go with dinner.  Overall a great dining experience.My husband loves pizza and I just love food in general, so of course we had to check this place out while we were visiting Seattle. We were not disappointed in the slightest. Customer service was good and the ambiance of the restaurant was cool without pretension. And the food? Ohhh the food. We shared the dry-cured meat plate with olives & almonds; roasted hedgehog mushrooms & truffle cheese pizza; salami, roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes & green onion pizza (special for the day); and the chocolate budino and biscotti. I can see why this place is so popular and highly rated.After hearing such great things about serious pie, seeing that its almost always packed, and reading about the awesome ingredients and toppings, i had been anticipating "seriously" great from my first experience at Serious Pie.  I seriously had a very average experience at Serious Pie, service was lacking and the pie was average.  I went back a second time with friends expecting better, but confirmed the hype.  Its a nice space with average pie and subpar service.  You can definitely get some better artisan pizza in Seattle.Really good pizza.  You'll probably have to wait though.He's a pizza person, I'm not. Ordered 1 fennel sausage, 1 soft duck egg, and 1 seasonal mushroom. My favorite was the soft egg, his was the sausage of course because he's a pig and always needs meat. He thought the egg one tasted like soap haha so he ate all the sausage. We got lucky and they accidently made 2 sausage and still gave us both. So we had 4 mini pizzas in total. They don't have ranch or any creamy sauce, so I didn't eat my crust so it ended up being enough food for us two. Place is tiny, servers are attentive and quick.Not the place I'd go if I had a major pizza craving as the offerings here are rarely traditional, but great pizzas nonetheless.  I enjoy new experiences like truffle cheese and a soft boiled egg on pizza.  Also the crust is so good I'd eat it plain.  No reservations and a small space so during prime eating hours don't come starving because you might be in for a wait.  I also really enjoy being able to see all the baking going on for the rest of Tom Douglas's restaurants.Serious pie, I seriously love you. We went here for their HH and it was the best, I tell you. We ordered the 3 of their veggie mini pizza and it was absolutely fantastic. The pizza is more like a naan bread - thin, light and fluffy, drizzled with cheese and very flavorful .The crust is browned and crispy, but not the sharp edged kind that literally bruises your mouth like some thin crust pizza that i have eaten. The service was also excellent. For the pictures of what we ate, chk out ma blog!Great pizzas and ingredients!  Did have to wait a bit because it's popular, but the wait was worth it.Holy crap, this pizza is good! Who would've thought slapping some potatoes, rosemary, and olive oil on pizza dough would be so freakin awesome? Not knowing that it was a restaurant around the corner, I laughed at the name when I saw a guy wearing their shirt in front of Dahlia Bakery, but they aren't kidding, it really is some serious pie.Their peach and mozzarella starter was also surprisingly tasty, and I like the holed-in, underground-like space.Man, I want some right now. Anyone want to ship one down to me?great crust!!!  i mean it.  i'm from chicago and i usually don't like crust when i leave my home turf.  this was, hands down, the best crust i've ever tasted.  i went with a big group and tried every single pie, appetizer, salad and beer on the menu.  the big winners were:starters:*speck (think prosciutto) w/ blue cheese and green figs!!!*roasted bing cherries w/ burrata (think fresh mozzarella) & pine nutspies:*roasted porcini, soft egg, wood violet*fennel sausage & cherry bomb peppers*bufala mozzarella, san marzano tomato*penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thymebeer:*kilt lifter (great with the pizza!)*local esb (forgot the name)wine:macalan rose (perfect with speck appetizer!!!)This is my favorite pizza joint in Seattle.  It's also my favorite Tom Douglas' place!  The pizza with arugula and egg was very delicious.  It doesn't look like they have my favorite beef tongue appetizer any more.  How sad....  My boyfriend and I shared two appetizers, a pizza and a bottle wine and it came to around $70.  It's the most affordable Tom Douglas restaurant.Not my cup of tea, or I should say, slice of pizza. You can literally get the exact same thing at palomino HH for 5 dollars. This place is really nothing great. I think lot's of people just like to drink the Tom D. Kool-Aid.Second time here, second time impressed. I decided to go a little crazy and try the pizza with the soft boiled egg in it. It had prosciutto too. It is my new favorite dish here now. I also had there coconut creme pie and an espresso. It was the start of a great night in Seattle.This is another great pizza made in the true Italian style. It might be a little too burned on the edges sometimes, but I appreciate it came from a wood-fired oven. I haven't been to the actual restaurant because I had the pizza at a catered party. The ingredients are always fresh and inventive. I'm not sure Seattle really needed another wood-fired pizza joint, but hey, it's working out for big ol' Tom. Good for him.Not that amazing.  My friend ordered Italian bread soup.  It was ok, but he ate all the bread out of it before giving it to me, so I can't know for sure (classy, I know).  We ordered two pizzas: "yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil", and "roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese".  The potato pizza was too dry and the mushroom pizza was a little tangy for my taste.  I'm torn on the atmosphere.  It's small and dark with tall cafeteria-style tables.  It was pretty cozy, but I was always conscious of the couple next to us, which makes for luke-warm conversation.  I will probably give this place another try.This place is always packed but their clam pizza is to die for. $18 is definitely pricey for a pizza but so worth it.It's a fresh take on pizza and gathering space. Don't expect anything italian (whatever that really means). Expensive for what you get, but original and to be tried.It seems like a couple years I have been walking past the steamy windows of this place on cold nights. Finally we walked into Serious Pie on a cold night when the windows were all steamy, and it was really good. We had to wait, which we kind of figured would be the case. We were surprised when the hostess offered to bring us a couple glasses of wine while we were waiting. That is a civilized little touch that started us off on the right foot. I bet people who show up here wanting a Domino's pizza are pretty pissed off. But I was really excited to have a pizza with arugula and soft egg on it - yeah, I'll admit that even I think that combination sounds kind of yuck but I gambled that it would be really good and it was. I've kind of been craving it ever since.The only place to go for pizza, as far as I'm concerned. They must put crack in the crust. Not the best for your budget, but go during happy hour for more reasonable prices.Posh pizzaGood wine selection and FANTASTIC pizza. The roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pizza is a heavenly experience and the buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomato pizza is just "classic pizza". It's a little expensive for a personal size pizza on a thin crust (ie, not going to leave stuffed). Follow it up with some of their cannoli with lemon ricotta and blueberries and a little espresso and you've got a great lunch while you're downtown shopping.loved this place. on our vacations, we shoot for at least one nice "dress up" dinner, but when it came down to it, we were exhausted and went with somewhere that wasn't so dressy but still classy. this was perfect for that occasion. the pizza was amazing and wait service was top notch.my only complaints were a lack of personalized pizza building and seating. be prepared to share a small space with up to four other people (depending on how many folks you have with you). past that... GO. you won't regret it.If you're craving a standard, greasy pepperoni pizza, Serious Pie is not your place. But if you want delicious pizza with unique toppings, you must eat here. I just ate the daily special pizza, which had pork belly, sauteed onions, and broccolini. It was amazing. Unfortunately, I arrived late so I didn't get to try the pizzas my family ordered during happy hour, but I was told at least 3 times during the meal that next time I eat at Serious Pie, I must try the pizza with the cherry bomb peppers and fennel sausage. The pizza I had was so great that I will be sure to eat there again soon.I can't say it's for everyone, but the pizza was amazing for me.  I like going there and ordering a pizza with a big carafe of white wine (the house wine)--pure heaven on a sunny day.The crust is simultaneously fluffy, light and crispy.  Flavors are bold and forward.  I've had the mushroom pizza (truffle cheese and chanterelle topping) and it had a delightful earthy flavor and aroma.  There are a few seasonal pies, but I can't remember the others I've had.  I will tell you to avoid the potato pizza--bland.  Then again, so are potatoes.The seating is strange with long tables.  I've usually gone alone or with someone so there are small tables in the back.Visited Seattle for the first time and our wonderful friends took us to Serious Pie for dinner. It's probably the best artisan pizza I've ever had. HOSTING and SERVICEWe arrived for dinner and the place was packed, but the hostess took our mobile # to give us a call when our table was ready. While we waited, we had cocktails at the Dahlia Lounge across the street.We were seated in about 20 minutes and from there service was quick and exceptional. The servers were courteous and friendly, and very accommodating. My friend ordered a chianti that was a little too warm, and the waiter graciously brought out a new bottle and had him try the glass it to make sure it was to his liking.FOODThe pizza was excellent! They are "personal" sized, so between the 4 of us, we had 3 different kinds of pizzas. Their pizzas are based on fresh ingredients that are in season. Two of us ordered the buffalo mozzarella with san marzano tomatoes, another had the chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese, and the other had the delicata squash, roasted garlic, gorgonzola lucifero. I tried a slice of each pizza and I can't say there was one that I didn't like! The ingredients were fresh, the crust, was light, the seasoning was just right! Each left me wanting more. All that said, it's not an inexpensive place - but you definitely get your money's worth.LOCATION and CROWDWe arrived for dinner on a Thursday night and it was pretty busy so I can only imagine what weekends are like. The crowd was a good mix of yuppies,  downtowners, mature couples, and even young families.If you are looking for gourmet pizza at a casual but hip place, check out Serious Pie.Damn good pizza, but DAMN EXPENSIVE! (For a student) 20 bucks for a tiny pizza that won't even fill you up! I guess rich people don't eat as much. In terms of the taste/price ratio, I can do better. But if you're just looking for taste, this place is good.We read about Serious Pie on the web before heading for a short vaca to Seattle and thought we'd give it a try. While we waited for our table we walked around the corner to Dahlia's Bakery...another place we'd ready about...and couldn't resist sampling the triple coconut cream pie (mini-bites). More about the pie further down.Serious is small and mostly has community tables so we had the opportunity to chat with three young men also vacationing and later a nice couple from Denmark who was actually living in Seattle for awhile. The intimate atmosphere and bustle of the waitresses slipping among the crowd made for an almost homey atmosphere and fostered an easy conversation among those at the table with us.We had the chanterelle flatbread, the cucumber salad and the chopped salad. The flatbread had a wonderful taste of garlic oil and the toasty nut-like flavor of the chanterelles. My wife, who doesn't care for mushrooms, is still talking about how good the mushrooms were and she may be leaning to trying again. The cucumbers were fresh and crisp (no doubt from Pikes Market) and the chopped salad would be a regular treat for me if I was local It was the perfect first meal in Seattle after the flight from Las Vegas.Now, back to the triple coconut cream pie. WOW! We love coconut and Dahlia's triple coconut cream pie was on the Serious menu. Well, we had to have more than the mini-bites we tried earlier so we dug into a healthy slice and it will remain among my list of 'best pies ever'...and may just be the single biggest reason I want to go back to Seattle. YUM!Serious Pie was definitely worth the trip and easy walking distance from Pike's Market. It wasn't overly expensive considering its popularity on the web. We'd definitely go again next time we make it up to Seattle.Pizzas were creative but selection was limited and crust was burnt on two of our three mini pies. The chilled apple cider w zesty orange was amazing - best apple cider I've ever had. Overall, though I've had better pizza in baltimore at iggy's.Love it. Wonderful ingredients, excellent service, great local beer and wine selection. I think this is one of the better spots to eat in the city if you want something casual, cool, but still appreciate the "finer things" in life even if it is just pizza. It's pizza at it's best. Note that there are only "family style" tables, this is not an intimate setting, and be nice and outgoing because you might have to sit close to a stranger.. its all part of the seattle experience.When my friend decided to take me to this place, I was thinking to myself hmm.... why do they call this place serious pie. So i ordered the salumi olive and cheese and  my friend ordered the cherry bomb. Mine came out, and to no behold it actually looked like a pie.... that was burnt.  With the whole crust bubbling about 2 inches high and 2 inches deep into the pizza it really did look a pie! Having been taken aback from this pie I decided to give it a taste. The salumi tasted of rotting flesh covered by overipened olives and my whole pie had a texture of a crisp cracker.  My experience with this place could be summarized as a disappointment. The decor and coziness of the place was definitely a plus, but the food was just bizarre. After having done a pizza tour in Italy, I can definitely say that this was nothing close to what i was expecting when i heard this place was wood-fired pizza joint. There are much better places in Seattle to eat ncluding my all time favorite Via Trib  and Tutta Bella or maybe even Marie Calendar's if you wanted some serious pie.Pizza-Making Class at Serious Pie - Fun, But Not As Advertised!Their website describes in detail the pizza class they offer at their downtown location, for $35.  It was fun, and the pizza was good, but the experience was lacking in many of the elements described:1) Not taught by their head chef - was taught by an employee with one year's experience and little teaching skill2) No "favorite breakfast treat" to start the morning3) No instruction about their "specialty ingredients" other than a brief description of four cheeses we were able to taste4) No "hands-on instruction preparing fine Italian ingredients" - there were about 8 items already prepped in bowls for our use, which he briefly identified5) No "mixing house-made sausage with your choice of seasonings"6) No observation or instruction about "the skill of baking and turning your own pies" - we handed them over and were shooed out of the kitchen7) No "wine tasting of 4 Italian varietals" with lunch - we got a glass of chianti.It was an enjoyable morning, and you do learn how to knead and shape the pizza dough and leave with a recipe (not exactly the same as what they sell, which takes 3 days to make!) - that's pretty much all you do, before topping your own pizza and having it baked for you to eat. It would have been outstanding if they had delivered anything close to what's advertised.UPDATE:  I actually got a response from the company on this, and apparently this description is outdated and should not be coming up on a search anymore.  The current page more accurately describes the current offering.  So, still a fun class, not as outstanding as what apparently they used to offer, and I'm adding a star for their concern about correcting the error.  And good pizza!Seriously awful.  I love pizza and gourmet ingredients and thought this would be the perfect place.  I ordered the chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza.  The pizza arrived and looked good enough.  However, it ended up being extremely over salted, drenched in olive oil, and with an overly yeasty crust.  I did not get a hint of truffle and the mushrooms were overpowered by the bad.    Definitely not worth $16.  In all honesty, Dominos would have been more enjoyable -- and that, I don't say lightly.   Good concept though.  The menu  was refined, simple and sounded tasty... too bad they could not deliver.We're huge fans of Tom Douglas' restaurants in Seattle and Serious Pie is one of them.  We frequent this pizza destination for their excellent crust and interesting pizza ingredients.  The menu changes every so often and is a small menu.  The appetizer are fairly good.  Have had the baby greens, salted ox tongue, and duck liver pate (not my favorite).  My favorite pizza so far is the sweet fennel sausage with cherry bomb peppers.  Their crust has a hint of garlic and is very thin.  I highly recommend this place for people who want more than just a pepperoni pizza.This restaurant is terrible. I can't conceive of how this place manages to keep a 4/5 star rating on Yelp. The food is mediocre, the service is rude, and the prices are outrageous for what you're actually getting. I have been twice and will not be going back. The worst of Tom Douglas' overrated restaurant franchise.Great pizza with thin crisp crust and interesting combinations of toppings. There is often a wait to get seated, though, and the place can get noisy and feel crowded, but when you want a superlative taste sensation of a pie, this place is at the top of the list.this place gets really packed so be prepared to share a table with another group of strangers.my friends and i shared the truffle sausage mushroom pizza and the soft egg arugula pizza substituted with sausage.both were really good!  the truffle one was pretty simple but really addicting. i wish there wasn't that much arugula one the second one though because it was all i could really taste.definitely recommend for all those that want pizza in seattle.Serious Pie is serious stuff! The pizza is amazing. The service was fantastic. We went with our 27 month old and never once felt out of place or pressed to give our table. We had the kale salad, beet salad and the best pizza ever. Definitely on our must revisit list!the ambiance is nice, the location is pretty good, the staff were friendly.... but the food was just ok. i still have yet to find a pizza that can compare to kens artisan in portland. the margherita was too salty. had chunks of salt that didn't blend it.the strawberry rhubarb orangeade was pretty good. 4 stars. but i wanted it a bit more "ade-y" (sweet). it was more tangy... but still good. my wife loved rootbeer! it's from a small brewery in lynnwood, washington. big e's brewery.Business lunch on 5/16. Server was very kind and attentive. Food is always outstanding ~ potato pizza, special salad and chocolate budino for dessert. The vinegar drink was a no go, it kind of reminded me of Easter egg dye, so I opted for something sparkly instead.Seriously simple and delicious thin crust wood fired pizza. My girlfriend and I shared the asparagus starter which was light and tasty. We also had the buffalo mozzarella, tomato sauce and basil pizza. It is simple yet delicious- with hints of drizzled olive oil and a slightly salted crust. The sauce was also incredible- slightly sweet and slightly salty- but very fresh. No reservations but it was fairly efficient as they cram you in there with communal seating at long tall tables. Very small and great atmosphere. Will definitely be back or would recommend when in Seattle.This place does very good pizza.   Had a pepperoni and pepper pizza that tasted good along with some yummy root beer.  Nothing blew me away, but nothing to complain about either.  If you're in the neighborhood and there's no line, it's worth a stop.Very different from what I have had before. The crust and the double baking just create a incredible pie. My favorite is the sausage. My family likes the mushroom pie. All of their pies are very good.Loved this place.  Fantastic pizza.Really amazing pizza.Get here early because the place gets packed. They don't take reservations and the wait can be quite long. This is my favorite place to come before heading to a movie at Cinerama (just a quick block away). The menu has some funky pizza combinations but don't shy away because they can be amazingly good. The only downside for me is that their desert selection could be a lot better. Considering that Dahlia bakery is just around the corner (heck, I think the kitchens are even connected), I don't undersand why they don't offer better desserts. But, that's a small quibble.One of my very favorite places!  Please don't come here and expect Pizza Hut or your everyday, run of the mill pizza.  It's gourmet!  And yes, you are going to pay a little more for it - seriously don't let that discourage you.  The simple and fresh ingredients are the very best and are paired with an expert palate.I had the chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza and it wasn't that great. Different, but ehhh. Don't have high expectations, that is all.I was originally going to only give this place 4 stars, but it's been about a year since I've last been here and I still kinda dream about the place.  We were fortunate enough to stay within walking distance to this place so we put an order for take out and quietly devoured the 2 pies in our room. Had we waited for the 45+ minutes I'm sure I would been writing a different type of review.  Haha!  Definitely a place to visit when you're in Seattle.Very good pizza and a good selection of beer. The menu is a little hard to read. Our pizza was a little over done, but you could still eat it. I would go back.Seriously best pizza ever- if you like the pizzas that have beautiful bubbly bread pockets, an amazing crust from a wood burning oven, and a rustic, Italian feel to it-- an  unsymmetrical not perfectly round shape-- not shredded cheese, but balls of melted mozzarella. I always get some version of a margarita pizza. Ill throw on some prousuitto for  an extra touch. It's simple pizza that's the very opposite of cookie cutter pizza you'll find at a national franchise. The hedgehog mushroom pizza is also a favorite. Or anything with truffle oil. Oh my.I'm from Chicago so I definitely have a love for deep dish, give me a heart attack because there's so much cheese pizza but I also have a love for light, thin-crust pizza.  Quality and eclectic ingredients make Serious Pie's thin-crust pizza's amazing and one of the best in Seattle!  The house red wine is also cheap and great.I had the yukon gold potato pizza, it was delicious - the hint of rosemary was excellent! Everyone in our party was very very happy with their pizza (others had the cherry bomb pepper/sausage, and the Cantrell mushroom). The house red wine is a great deal, the half carafe is only $10 and we had at least 4-5 glasses of wine. The wait was long, about 45 - 60 minutes but they will call you when your table is ready - head over to Lola for a drink while you wait!So this was my second time to Serious Pie. The first time I was pleased but not blown away. This time I was really not pleased with my experience.  My wife and I both had out own Pizza and each of ours were really salty. To the point that after each bit I had to take a drink. We both got Mexican Coke's with our dinner and they were room temp. The server brought glasses with ice along but really who wants to drink Mexican Coke out of a glass and not the bottle? Watered down coke isnt a good thing. The service was slow but the wait was not too bad to be seated. When we ordered dinner got to us after 10 min or so.  We did not see our server until we were both basically done with our meals and at that point she brought us water. We got cannoli's to finish our dinner and I was disappointed by the fact that frozen berry's were used. Its the season where Raspberrys are still found at the stores and are still good looking. So to be served frozen berrys on a $60 pizza dinner is bad taste. I normally really enjoy Tom Douglas's restaurants but this is one I will not be returning to. But on a positive note I really did enjoy being able to watch the bakers working through the window and the communion style seating. Both times I had fun dinner partners that I had not ever met before.Fantastic, innovative pizza with carefully selected, quality ingredients. Not NY Style or Chicago style...just fresh ingredients on a delicious, fresh, rustic, crispy-chewy crust. Great happy hour deals! Quick, attentive service. I visited this place on business in Seattle and will be back the next time I'm in the city...don't miss it!Delicious thin crust pizza! Crust is crispy (not soggy!) and there are lots of fun options on the menu.  My favorites are the margherita and the cherry bomb pepper/sausage one, but I'm partial to tomato sauce. There's usually a long wait for weekend dinners, but if you leave your number, it's easy to just get a drink nearby to pass the time.Can we say OVERRATED? 'Cause I can, with all the hype I expected better. First off this serious pie was SALTY! Dominoes or pizza hut would of been better than this dump. People all because it's salted meats (pepperoni, sausage, & etc.) does not mean your entire pizza should taste like salt! For waiting almost an hour I assumed it would be worth it. I was wrong! Let's list all the cons, because I honestly have no pros.-The wait was ridiculously long for 'pie' and a little unorganized-They make you sit family style with people who are not your family; example they sit 3 couples together in a small tight table together cramped in a table for 6. They don't even ask for your preference. It's not even a large table; it's 3 small tables put together that they don't separate because I assume the place is too tight to space out the tables.-When they sit you in family they do not tell the waiters, so they take one person's order assuming that one person is ordering for everyone; ignoring everyone else in the party and leaving you to starve until you-the customer, flag them down. That's NOT what I plan on doing after waiting almost an hour-They just about NEVER just on you to see if everything is okay or if you need a refill on beverages-This particular Tom Douglas location makes me claustrophobic; even the lobby is just about non-existing.- The pizza was not delectable. My yukon potato was oily, the other pizza filled with meat was salty. Both were not pleasing so we did not take it to-go. We only ate half of each pizza because we waited so long we were starving. Once our state of mind was back to normal we noticed that taste was not worth the wait. We should of gone somewhere else. Lesson learned. Not coming back anytime soon.If you're ever in my neck of the woods; los angeles CA, try petrillo, even with the tons of meat it doe not have the overwhelming taste of salt, which leaves you thirsty all night.Tom Douglas with so many delicious restaurants I was REALLY let down by this one. No return for me.Sweet fennel sausage with roasted red peppers. Nuff' saidLove this place. Cozy, warm and great food.I like the ambiance of this place - dim lighting and longish tables for almost communal dining.  Service was great although the house chianti was not (seemed too light for my tastes).  The pizza with buffalo mozzarella was good but the one with the clams missed - it tasted way too salty.  A good choice for a casual date or dinner.  There can be a long wait at night.I love this place!  You simply must go here for the roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pizza - WOW!  The restaurant is VERY tiny, so expect a wait.  Suggestion:  go here, get on the waiting list, then walk down to Lola for a drink and appetizer instead of waiting to get in.  Once inside, the smells and tastes are tantalizing.  I like the fact that people share tables. I also like that it is a fun place to talk.  Really though, I go there to make my tummy happy:)It's hard for me to mention serious pie w/o salivating a little. Tried the yukon gold potato, rosemary, & pecorino pizza and was hooked instantly. The more famous chanterelle mushroom & truffle cheese pizza got better, strangely enough, with each slice. Will be back again in the future!The pizza was really good but the portions were meager for $18.We had the clam pizza and the sausage pizza, both the same price and they were the size of small personal pizzas.The wait wasn't bad on a Saturday night but the service was just mediocre. Our server seemed to want to be elsewhere.The ambience was perfectly matched for the place.Would I visit again? Probably not.In my humble opinion the best pizza ever.  I would make excuses to visit Seattle so I can eat here.  In a great food town this is No. 1 on the list of places to visit.  The other T. Douglas establishments are great, but nothing else is like this.  Get the special & beer.  If you have to wait, wait, you'll thank me later.Tasty! Am a fan of their clam and mushroom pizzas, and I love that they're thin crust. Usually it's very loud and crowded though, so expect to have to shout at your friends.When he opened Serious Pie, Tom Douglas was swinging for the fences to earn a Seattle restaurant grand slam. Unfortunately, this one falls short. The flavor combinations are often inspired but not always craveable, and for the money, there are many better, more reliable choices in town. I've been to Serious Pie a couple of times now, and the crust repeatedly strikes me as overly dry and lacking flavor.We came here with friends since we had that awesome discount coupon from their April raffle. We ordered lots of food since it was probably the only time we'd have to try all this stuff out.  Appetizers were pretty good but SMALL.  We had 5 people sharing 3 appetizers and it was definitely not enough.  I didn't think it was worth the $ they charged for it.  Pizzas:  we had the 1) chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese; 2) penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme; 3) morels, green garlic pesto, sole di sardegna; 4) guanciale, soft egg, arugula.  All were very enjoyable, when we surveyed our table, everyone had a different combo of favorites.  We were trying to determine if each was suppose to be personal size, especially for the girls.  After taking a few bites, I quickly decided I could definitely eat a whole pizza by myself.  The crusts were very thin and light, if a little oily on some (watching them prepare them in the open kitchen, we saw that they were sometimes heavy handed with the olive oil bottle).  For dessert, we ordered 2 orders of cannoli (comes with 2 cannolis each) and the rhubarb hand pie.  The cannolis pairing is often changed (according to our server) but we really enjoyed the apricot sauce that came with ours.  The rhubarb pie was good too, tasty and flakey - just wish there was more filling!  If we ever go back, I'll probably just order a pizza and maybe a dessert.  It definitely can get pricey very easily.  Our bill would have been $40/person if we didn't have the coupon which is ridiculous for pizza, albeit really good gourmet pizza, and a couple of drinks.BTW, we came here on a Saturday night (nice weather).  5:30p - there was hardly anyone there.  6pm - restaurant full with at least a 20 min wait.  By 7pm, not much of a wait.  Not sure what the flow is later in the evening, but just what we observed.  Next time will either come before 6pm or after 7pm to avoid waiting too long.Not a fan of regular pizza, but I dont mind trying eclectic pizza, so this place fit the bill.  Highlights:-  Mexican Coke!-  Beet/anchovies salad.  I absolutely love beets, but wasnt sure about the anchovies part, so I was pleasantly surprised-  Forgot what the pizza was called, but it was topped with egg.  who thought of that?!?!  fregging brilliant!  Eggs over medium on a pizza!!That's it.  I'd come back.Maybe my expectations were too high coming in but I left Serious Pie majorly disappointed: the crust was too thick, the pies were too dry, and the prices were too high. Yelp community, you really let me down...The pizza is good, but I wouldn't say it's worth its price. Also, stay away from the meat plate appetizer, as it's wayyyy too overpriced and was wrongly advertised-- it promised two types of deli meat, but only came with one. Overall, I'd try it once, but wouldn't go back.Tom Douglas is a Seattle food legend so my wife and figured we'd try some of his pizzas.  We really likes our pizzas.  Anyhow, I wasn't too impressed with his pies.  Call me ghetto if you want, I prefer BJ's or CPK to his pizzas.  They weren't bad.  They just weren't as good as all the hype.This restaurant is talked up a lot due to the fact that it is the brainchild of Tom Douglas. I must say that my experience was rather disappointing considering how much hype I have heard. On first arrival, I was greeted with not even a glance by the staff who were standing less than five feet from me. After ten minutes of awkwardly standing at the doorway I was directed to a table in a grand total of two words, "this way".Thankfully, once we were tabled the service was rather good. We were promptly served glasses of water and left with our menus to make our decision.  We got two pizzas: the buffalo cheese and the soft egg. The buffalo cheese pizza was pretty good. The crust was soft and the fillings were evidently selected with care. The soft egg pizza was the polar opposite though. The crust was greasy and burnt making it crumble with the lightest touch. Again, the fillings were of good quality except for the sauce which was far too salty. The smoked cheese, sausage, and kale all were prepared well on their own. However, once it came together it the flavors simply did not join well.If I had to I might reluctantly visit this place again. But I much prefer the food, ambiance, and service of Flying Squirrel Pizza.I had my first date with my future husband at this location. They have the best pizza around!  Great cozy location.our first visit to serious pie was great.  great service, great food, we were happy.  we returned with our baby in tow (at 5:30pm!) and the hostess was a complete snatch.  she clearly didn't appreciate our presence and was essentially trying to talk us into leaving.  she kept telling us how long the wait would be, offering others drinks and not us...it was obvious baby discrimination.  and our baby was smiling and having a good time.  strange.  finally the other hostess (not sure why there were two but the bigger of the two is the one we don't appreciate and think should be canned) noticed we were being shat on and she offered us a drink and a smile for the baby.  finally we were seated and all was good.my favorite is the potato-rosemary pie.  i could eat two.  myself.I came here two times in two weeks because I loved it so much!! My favorites were the Russet Potato with Rosemary, and the Mushroom with White Truffle Cheese... yummm :P The wait the first night was about 40 min but we also went on a Friday night... not wonder. I love that the restaurant was small and intimate. I didn't think that the prices were bad especially considering that the quality of the ingredients were through the roof. They serve Mexican Coke in real Coke bottles... and they have PBR.. I loved it here and I recommend it to everyone.First a few negatives to explain 4 rather than 5 stars.  Tiny, somewhat slow service, and somewhat over-priced ($96, not including tip, for three people out for pizza is a bit much).  We ordered one each of the clam, chantrelle, and potato pizza.  Heavenly taste; clam has a spicy bite to it, chantrelle with truffle cheese is creamy, potato is a must-try.  I came specifically for the chantrelle and, though I loved it, I would be open to trying something else on the menu.  I'll be back but probably only as a treat.I came here with a friend and well I kind of thought it was going to be a a sit down restaurant joint and its not. You sit at the table with other people and this old man kept looking at my girlfriends breasts the whole time. Seattle this is not the best pizza. I can assure you that you have no clue because there is not that many good pizza joints in Seattle. This is just ok. More paid reviewsi'm never a big fan of pizza BUT serious pie is really gooooooooood!!!!we tried everything on their pizza menu, they all have their own unique flavor! the ingredient they choose just fit perfectly with each others. i love all of them but if you want something new to try, maybe the "guanciale, soft egg, prosser farm arugula" or "penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme" should do the trick. as for the dessert, i always order the "cannoli"-the cream is so fresh and doesn't over sweeten. in fact, they do change the dessert n starter seasonally.  the atmosphere always warm n crowed. HOWEVER 45mins+ waiting time is pretty normal. yet they do have one of the BEST happy hour M-F, 3-5. always worth the wait!!!!Awesome happy hour prices, but otherwise overpriced. As someone who loves salt like a best friend, i find this weird to say but...the pizza is really salty. I have been more than a handful of times and the saltiness is consistent. Going again today, but making sure i order it with no salt on the crust.Great pizza, very friendly wait staff, awesome atmosphere.Amazing! The chantrelle mushroom pie is the best!!!! Every time I've eaten there I am thoroughly satisfied! They'll get irritated if you reference the food network  and they don't serve ranch....Fantastic pizza. I suggest ordering at least 3 pizzasReally superb Indian food! We had the chicken tikka Marsala and lamb vindaloo, which were cooked to the perfect amount of spiciness that we requested. We highly recommend this place.I am not a pizza person, and it takes a REALLY good pizza to tempt me.And this place's pizza is unbelievably good. Red house wine was of a great quality as well. My only concern would be lack of space, we really had to sit elbow to elbow with other people, but it was well worth it for the taste of their pizze.We were visiting Seattle and came here on a recommendation from friends. So pleased we did!  The best  pizza pub we have been to.  We hit it at happy hour and they serve individual size pizzas with unique toppings for $6.00.  I recommend the Yukon gold potato pizza and the classic.  The crust is perfection!This place has good thin-crust pizzas with innovative toppings.  It doesn't take reservation, so expect to wait long.  (In our case, it was 1 hour wait on a Friday night.)  The biggest letdown was its tiramisu.  It did not have any rum taste, and the orange flavor totally ruined it IMO.Overall, it's a fun place to go with a group of friends so you can enjoy different kinds of starters and pizzas.Like:- Black lentils, pork belly, parsley puree (starter)- Roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese (pizza)- Porcini mushrooms, arugula, soft egg (pizza)- Warm pear crostada, currants, maple (dessert)Dislike:- Chicken liver bruschetta, fried capers (starter)- Penn cove clams, pancetta, lemon thyme (pizza)- Spiced tiramisu, roasted orange (dessert)My favorite pizza, ever.  I recommend this place to all of my visiting friends.  The con is that there is usually a long wait and not a great spot in the restaurant to wait, so you usually have to grab a cocktail at Dahlia Lounge while you wait.  The crust is scrumptious.  It's like nan, but not and better.  Go for the mushroom with truffle cheese and the sausage with peppers.From the crust to the toppings Serious Pie is very serious!We had a group of 8 and the staff went out of their way to seat us together on a busy Friday night. Other patrons were willing to switch tables allowing us to sit at a large table. Our group ordered one of each pie on the menu, my favorite was the nightly special featuring fiddleheads.We went here because it was walking distance from the hotel and we heard good things about it. When we went in we were seated at a table next to strangers, which I thought would be wierd, but it wasn't. The ambiance was great and you could watch them bake the pizzas right there in front of you... and yes, they use the brick ovens. My husband doesn't usually like pizza, but he loved this place. The pizza was crispy to perfection and there was enough sauce to make it good and just the right amount of cheese to not over power it. The waitress was very cut and dry, but whatever that doesn't stop this place from earning a 5 star rating. Go try it...its SO GOOD!Surprisingly underwhelming.  Pizza feeds one - maybe two if neither are very hungry.  Expensive and not worth it.  Pizza toppings lacked flavor.  More like a croissant than a pizza crust.   Great service, though.  Wonderful staff.  Cool set up inside - informal, shared long tables.The place filled up quick right after our order went in, I asked to sub an item on the pizza I ordered an the waitress gave me a look like I was crazy. Service was okay, she stopped by enough. The prices are ridiculous for the minimalist, gourmet fancy pizzas. They did taste good and were unique, crust is pretty good if u like a lot of it. I probably wouldn't go here again for the price, and they didn't recreate the wheel with anything special. We tried 3 different pies, best I thought was the sausage, the braised pork was bland, the mushroom truffle was alright, but I prefer some sauce and not oil.I was really hopping to love this place because of all the reviews that I've seen, but it was just an ehh type of place. Maybe its just because I'm not totally a pizza type of girl, but even the boyfriend, who is a pizza type of guy, didn't seem as amazed of it as I thought he would have been. We went for happy hour because of the $6 mini pies and the $4 beers. Happy we went during that time because the normal size pizzas can expensive, but I guess you are paying for the gourmet ingredients in it. It was just ok for me, don't think I would wait in line for this place though cause it does seem to get pretty crowded at times.You would think it's just pizza, but it's not...it's awesome! Of all the restaurants I ate at while visiting Seattle, this was by far my favorite. I had the buffalo mozzarella and san marzano tomoato pizza followed by the cannoli. Absolutely delicious!This was our first dining experience in Seattle while on vacation. Amazing....so delicious.We heard about this place from friends and various on line sites. We started out with an asparagus and sorrel salad in an anchovy vinaigrette. Our pizza was loaded with flavor without being heavy and bready....yummy spinach and onions with a creamy cheese sauce. The dessert was super decadent...rich chocolate cream with sea salt and olive oil. We had no complaints. No wait, great table by the window and friendly servers.I liked it. We went later around 9:30 and got a table in 10 minutes. First off, am I the only one who has a problem with the communal tables? My bf and I got placed in the middle of the table btwn a family of 4 and an older couple. Kind of awkward. Really hard to hold a conversation. When we saw a private table open up my bf asked to be seated there, which the waitress kindly did so. That was nice. I just dont get the appeal of that kind of design. Very impersonal. Anyway, the food was awesome. Great ingredients. My bf got the mushroom and truffle and I got the mozzarella and basil which we both agreed was the better between the two. Yes it is pricey but you get what you paid for. If you think it's too expensive for pizza, don't eat there. For serious foodies, it's a must try.Yelp needs to change their price to $$$, because it certainly isn't $$.My girlfriend and I shared a truffle cheese pizza. For a $17 pizza, I thought it would be enough to feed both of us -- but no. I would say it's about small to medium sized pizza. We both don't eat alot, but it was way too little.Taste was mediocre at best. It was recommended by many on 4square review. I recommend you NOT get this. There's nothing special about this pizza. Crust was good but the toppings were bland.We had almond and pear tart for dessert. This was probably the best dessert I had in a while! But again, it was really really tiny for $7. The taste makes up for its overly high price though.Overall, it's a good place if you want to chat in a decent mood at night. But we aware as sittings are very limited and you may have to sit next to a stranger just like us.Ask them if they have any coconut cream pie from the bakery next door! It is a great way to end such an amazing meal!I love this place.  The best pizza ever, almost as good as doughnuts.Meh, the "pies" aren't anymore than flat-bread with toppings.  The clam pizza was overwhelmingly briny and had a "canned-clam" flavor in every bite.  Wouldn't come back here for a second chance.coming from New York I will say this is the best pizza on earth! great place for family or first dates. Happy Hour monday to Friday 3-5 $ 5 pizzas.Also love the art on wall.Yum yum yum.Loved the atmosphere, the shared dining tables, the open kitchen, the pizza and the wine. My roasted chanterelles and truffle cheese pizza was de-lish and I wasn't hearing any complaints from my friend who ordered the yukon potato and rosemary 'za. Unfortunately our appetites weren't big so no apps for us. We did ask the server to recommend a red wine for us, which she did and was SPOT ON! Great meal and no wait for a table on a Saturday night. Not too bad. Pricey but what do you expect of a Tom Douglas restaurant?! $70= 2 pizzas + 2 glasses of wine + tip + a great meal experience.Seriously de-lish.  One of the best margherita pizzas I've probably ever had.  Proving that less is more, I'm pretty sure the only ingredients were tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, dough, basil, and olive oil.  Ohh, the olive oil...if you appreciate good olive oil, you will love this pizza!  Thank you, Japonessa, for not acknowledging my existence (see previous review) and leading me to this wonderful pizza. And it must have be fate or great timing, because there was no wait; in fact it was nearly empty.  Service was great, will be back!This is some of the tastiest pizza we've ever had. The pizzas we ordered were packed with flavor! So, so good!!!! We highly recommend visiting here. We were in town for a couple of days and went for the first time. It was amazing and cannot wait until our next visit to Seattle to enjoy again.I just don't get all the hype.  $17 for a personal size pizza.  I went to the bite of Seattle and we saw Tom Douglas cook and my friend wanted to try some of his restaurants.   Anyway if you like going to restaurants that get high reviews because the critics are afraid to give them a bad review because they will be accused of being unsophisticated then this is the place for you.  Seriously i would rather eat DIGIORNO out of my oven then go back to this place.  Zekes pizza is just 6 blocks north.Great, friendly atmosphere and service is always great.  I haven't had anything bad on the menu, but, recommend the Yukon potato pizza and the kale salad!  Enjoy!Normally, I'm not into the serious pie (i.e. pizza) and more into the more casual pie.  But, if you want to impress your girl this is where I scored serious points.  Nice semi-romantic atmosphere where you can easily have either beer or a bottle of wine.  Bring your friends, your family or your honey.  It seems you can't go wrong on who to bring or how you dress at serious pie.  My serious honey got the daily special pizza with some yummy mushroom + garlic + olive oil that made her ears hot and then we got serious after serious pie.I took my pizza-loving boyfriend there for the first time, concerned he'd not appreciate it. Was I wrong! He L-O-V-E-D it and proclaimed anyone who eats any other pizza in Seattle an idiot. I believe there was mention of God and that Serious Pie pizza is what God intended pizza to taste like (or something). It's seriously delicious.great thin crust pizzasDelicous! Try the potato pizzaSomehow I've been lucky enough to snag a table at Serious Pie on my last two visits to Seattle. This makes me extremely happy, as I think it might be the world's most perfect pizza place. Let's examine the evidence:1. Amazing service. On my last visit, Serious Pie had the most patient, professional, friendly hostess I've ever encountered. There were some obnoxious patrons waiting with us, and she handled them gracefully and with a smile. When our order took a little longer than normal, our server appeared with a free order of marinated olives. We hadn't even noticed the delay... that's how good the service was.2. Great beers on tap. You can't enjoy pizza without a draft beer. I'm pretty sure it's just impossible.3. Communal tables which are somehow not awkward. How does this work so well at Serious Pie but so poorly everywhere else? .4. Availability via room service to my home away from home, The Hotel Andra. I can't even tell you how excited I was when I first discovered this.5. Excellent value. The pizzas are large enough to share, and at under $20 per pie, this makes for a pretty cheap night out - especially given the quality.6. Do I even have to say it? The best... pizza... EVER. I love the wood fired crusts. I love all the toppings. The Penn Cove clam/pancetta pizza is probably my favorite but I don't know that it's possible for me to order something I don't like at Serious Pie.The world's most perfect pizza place? I rest my case. In fact, writing this review is giving me some serious cravings... I think I need to head back to Serious Pie immediately. Trust me, it's worth the wait.It's the most creative pizza place in the city. I can't rank it against other pizza joints because really, there are none like it. This is not meant to be some other-worldly praise, but more of a clarification of terms. The flavors and toppings that are used here are innovative as they are evocative, but the best part is they really do work well. For me, the most memorable part is the dough. Perfectly crisped and fluffy as a pillow.Fresh in from the airport and in need of a meal, we found this on Yelp and turns out we were apparently lucky enough to get in for happy hour.  We chose three mini pizzas and I tried a house-made Italian soda.  All were amazing.  The dough is my favorite part of any pizza and this one did not disappoint.  Surprisingly though, the sauce is what really struck me as extra delicious on these.  We finished up with an amazing cannoli.  I would have definitely enjoyed a return trip to sample the regular menu.Must go when you are in Seattle. Wait can be a bit long. Okay, the wait can be REALLYblong so be patience. Get the mushroom truffle pie. I can skip the other ones.On suggestion of a friend I went to Serious Pie during Happy Hour. Even at around 4pm, there were lotsa people! I ordered the Yukon gold potato rosemary pizza and penn cove clams, house pancetta pizza--only $5 each. OMG, so friggin' good. The bread is unlike any bread you see on pizza and can stand on its own. The clams and pancetta combined well together. I'm getting a bit misty eyed thinking about that eating experience.What the heck??? I cannot believe all the good reviews this place gets. It think its just the whole " ooh la la Tom Douglas" fanfare. Its totally not worth the price, the wait or even the pizza. We tried 4 pizza's and while the one I ordered I was happy- not blown away- with, I tried the other 3 and they were crap. The salads??? What a joke- dont even bother. I would not waste my time there for pizza we have many other good pizza places here is Seattle.This is the best pizza I have ever had. Yeah there is sometimes a wait and you need to eat with other people, but it is worth it. If they have the octopus salad then get that too.bubbly chewy crusttoppings are adventurouspairs with coke for joyAbsolutely phenomenal gourmet pizza.  Try the sausage and pepper.  Crowded, call ahead to pick up.Too expensive for quality as well as quantity, and sadly the service was a little "too cool for school".  The basis of my comments come from eating at equivalent dishes at modern pizza establishments in other cities.  I do want this place to work as the atmosphere is great, but everything else in my experience missed the mark.  If you want the specifics I'll be happy to expand.Epic!!! Totally worth the wait!The pizza crust was incredible but the rest of the pizza was par for any pizza, a bit lacking in flavor on the egg pizza, could have used a bit of salt. The barratta had an unusual flavor, it was a nice mixture of sweet and savory, it was not served with any bread so I asked for some. The server agreed that it could use some bread and that we were not the first customers to ask for bread with the barrata but the manager did not seem to want to make a move in the direction of the suggestions. The server went and got some bread for us from the bakery, which by the way is right there in serious pie. I will not be returning. However if I were to rate this on service from the staff it would have been higher.My favorite TD restaurant by far.  Serious pie dishes out some bada** pizza, along with creative salads, great wine and beer. We usually get the cherry bomb and fennel sausage pizza.  The crust is thin, crunchy and loaded with olive oil (i.e., flavor).  They also have a great ribolita soup with hunks of bread and a yummy broth spiked with tomato and parmesan cheese.  Another great spot for lunch with my sweet wife.  They are also curing their own meats which I applaud them for.Serious Pie is amazing. My favorite is the roasted chanterelles/mushrooms with truffle oil, which even my mushroom-hating friends loved. The pizza comes with thin and crispy edges with just enough chew to contrast, and you can taste each ingredient in every pie as you eat it.Their happy hour ($5 for half-pizzas, 3-5pm Monday-Friday) is amazing and a great deal with a group of friends ready to split all the half-pizzas on the menu, especially if you add a carafe of their very solid chianti. The wait staff is nice, the chef is cute, the atmosphere is cozy, and the music is wonderful. What else could you ask for?P.S. Next time the city shuts down from snow, if you live anywhere near Serious Pie, walk down! Laugh at the stuck buses, toss snowballs, and warm up with some toasty delicious pizza!There are a lot of reviews here, so this one really doesn't matter.  If price and wait time weren't an issue, I'd probably eat here every day of my life.Came for the pizza stayed for the chairsI know it might sound weird, but seriously, the pizza with Penn Cove Clams, Pancetta, and Lemon Thyme is the bomb. So so so good. I've tried quite a few different pies here - the Buffalo Mozz, the Cherry Bomb that everyone raves about, the Guanciale and Soft Egg - and all were good, but that clam pizza makes me sweat with salty anticipation just thinking about it - that, plus a Porter, and, well, maybe the dead clams aren't happy, but I sure am.(And btw, the communal tables are no big deal one way or the other. That is to say, if you're the type who likes your space, maybe you won't have as much physically, but don't worry - the other people won't talk to you, I mean not more than polite small talk. And if you're the type who likes the idea of a good surprise convo with others (I am), don't get your hopes up - I think the passive-aggressive Pacific Northwestern personality generally results in a clam-up. But, as I said, no biggie. Just focus on your very cute dinner date and the much more surprising clams on the pizza.)Wood fire pizza. Fresh ingredients. Warm and inviting ambiance. You cant go wrong with serious pie.Always excellent. Great crust and unique flavors.Excellent, no crazy stuff pizza pies. Lines are long so get a box to go and sit in the park or take it home. The Serious Pie at Westlake is always empty at night since it's in a business sector, and they have live music- Go there instead if you can.4 stars! Went here during Restaurant Week to try it out and after going I will definitely be heading back soon. We arrived just before 5 o'clock which was perfect because we got seated right away. Though once it was 5 there was already a line of people so I highly recommend getting there before 5. For the appetizer I had their pork-belly, which was not bad it just did not seem to have any flavor. For my entree I had the Yukon Gold Pizza which was delicious! This pizza sort of reminded me of scalloped potatoes with a sprinkle of cheese on pizza crust. For dessert I had the grape sorbet that was also delicious and my cousin had their Italian Drinking Chocolate which was extremely delicious (definitely save room for this dessert when you go).The service during dinner was good, our waitress was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. The reason I did not give 5 stars is because of the lack of flavor in the pork-belly and the prices  Looking over there regular menu a pizza can cost you over $15! Other than that I love this place.Serious Pie may not need another review but its my favorite pizza place, and one of my top 5 restaurants in Seattle, so I'm putting finger-to-keyboard.Serious Pie makes artisan pizzas in a wood-fire brick-oven that creates charred, thin crust dough that is light, crispy, and delicious. The toppings are simple, unexpected, and delightful. I've never had a pie I didn't like though some can be a bit saltier than others. My hands-down favorite is what old timers know as the 'Cherry Bomb', more popularly known as the Sweet Fennel Sausage. Light eaters can get away with one pizza for two with a side but most folks will want their own. Besides, multiple pies means sharing and there are lots of great flavors to try. Don't let the ingredients intimidate you. Never had clams on a pizza? Trust Tom. Just do it.Because the pizzas are are smaller and lighter than the typical doughy disaster, you won't find them too filling. The side dishes are always fresh and seasonal, and the desserts are flavorful without being too sweet or heavy. The downtown restaurant is small and provides a more European, communal dining experience. Large tables seat 8 people but are usually split among smaller parties. It isn't uncommon for one table to have group of four and two parties of two seated together. Its intimate and can get crowed but you can still have a comfortable and personal dining experience. Its also popular and they don't take reservations so be prepared to wait 30 minutes to an hour during the during rush. Arrive early or late for faster seating, or try a night other than Thu-Sat. No matter how crowded the restaurant though, the service is always friendly and efficient. I really appreciate that kind of consistency.Bottom line, Serious Pie is fantastic. Go now, go often.Worth every cent. Unique, local toppings and mouth-watering sauces on savory bread.I love anything by Tom Douglas. This is a great experience. The community dinning is fun, the pizza is fantastic, and the drinks are great. I encourage all Seattle visitors to experience Tom Douglas restaurants.love this place :) nomnomnom. wait is really long but its totally worth itVery very good pizza...authentically cooked with varying topping options. Very good. Will be a repeat customer.Serious Pie offered excellent food in a quality atmosphere. The menu was small but very interesting - and for picky eaters, there was a simple margarita pizza that turned out to be the most delicious one we ordered. The service was very kind. We asked for an ingredient to be omitted from one of our pizza orders, and when they forgot to do so they offered the pie to us for free. We didn't even have to ask. The atmosphere was trendy and pleasant, although the dining room is small. We went during off hours on a weekday, but it is easy to see how the dining room could fill up and the wait could get exorbitant. The prices are very high for a casual pizza place, but if you know that going in then it is no issue. Overall it comes absolutely recommended - just budget about $50 for two pies, two non-alcoholic drink, tax and tip.The pizza was delicious, but seriously guys...fix the seating arrangement. I really did not enjoy sitting next to strangers.Very nice place. Pizza was pretty good. It wasn't the best pizza I have ever eaten, but not the worst either. The beer was good. Expensive, but good.I wandered into this joint an hour before closing so didn't have any problem finding a place by myself.  If communal sitting isn't your thing (I actually don't mind it) then you might want to try to come at an odd hour as well.  I got the salad which was very fresh and given that it is one of the TD restaurants the ingredients all probably were gathered is someone's backyard recently.  The pizza's are, as you can imagine not your average tomato sauce, mozarella cheese and meat topping.  Small personal pizzas with fancy ingredients.  I decided to be snooty and get the chantrelle with truffle cheese pizza.    The pizzas have a very thin almost airy crust.  I was only moderately hungry and polished it off almost before my server could check in on how I was doing.   If I were absoulutely starving, I am not sure if the SP would be my go to place, but definitley tasty and good for a snack!I really didn't know what to expect. Pizza is so personal and you can never meet everyone's ridiculous needs about style, toppings, crust, sauce, temperature. But what I love about Serious Pie is the fact that I have never seen pizza done like this before - the toppings, the menu, the presentation. The menu is well-crafted and unique. Don't go if you are looking for something specific or if you have a craving for a certain type of crust, sauce, topping combination, etc. Go because you are in the mood to try something new and you are ready to just order something crazy that you've never thought about before. You will not be disappointed.Dandelion leaves, a fried egg, and some sort of ham on a delicious, delicious crust?  Awesome.  Had the chicken liver as a starter.  Hour wait on a Friday night.  Super reasonable prices, including nice house wine.This is seriously good pizza. I wouldn't say its authentic pizza, by any means, but the flavors are top notch. The crust is pure deliciousness. I could eat that alone every day. The seasonings and (especially) the salt bring out an amazing combination of chewiness and crunchiness. We tried the buffalo mozarella and tomato toppings -- prefer to keep it simple -- and we were not disappointed. The flavors were harmonious. Add to this some great house chianti, and a coconut creme pie from Dahlia's, and we had an amazing meal. On a side note, the salad was so-so (baby lettuce with vinaigrette) and the canolli was a bit soggy. But I wasn't here for the salads and canollis; I was here for the pizza. And they did not disappoint.I heart their happy hour! Pie for 5 is awesome!I'm a sucker for pizza and when famous people recommend pizza, I take them for their word.  Serious Pie hit all the right notes.  I had the truffle oil and mushroom pizza (best thing I ever ate) and it was salty, flavorful and the crust had just the right amount of chewiness.  My husband thought it lacked flavor, but I didn't think so.  He had the sweet fennel sausage with roasted bell peppers pizza which had just the right amount of spice for him.  A little too spicey for my taste, but I can appreciate good pie.  We went on a Sunday early afternoon and didn't encounter any lines.  I'd get there at odd hours, otherwise you may have to weather the unpredictable Seattle weather.I finally got a chance to try this place. The place is small, so the wait is quite long. They use a brick fire oven, so it's nice and toasty inside the restaurant. We split 4 pizzas and a beat salad. Let's start with the beet salad...I'm a bit of a beet snob, so it was good, but it wasn't anything special. We came here for the pizzas (ranking them in the order), the crust has the right amount of texture and flavor, tastes like the pizza hut ones without all that greasiness: 1. Chanterelle mushrooms and truffle cheese ($16): I really enjoyed the subtle flavors of this pizza. You can taste the freshness of the chanterelle mushrooms and with the truffle oil, it takes it to the next complexity of flavors. I have a simple/boring palate so that's probably why I like this the most.2. Prosser pumpkin, pork belly, pistachios ($17): This has a nice soft texture with the pumpkin (reminds me of sweet potatoes topping on pizza) and also brings lots of that good pumpkin flavor. The pork belly is a nice compliment, and it really adds to the pizza.3. Sweet fennel sausage and roasted red peppers ($17): The sausages were really good, in fact, most of my friends like this the best. High quality tasty sausages. The roasted red peppers took away more than it offered in highlighting the sausage. This was good but not my favorite.4. Penn cove clams, house pancetta, house thyme ($17): Sounds good on paper, but it was a somewhat of a sloppy mess. It didn't come out the way I imagined it. I thought this pizza was all over the place.This is a must try place! One of my top 5 pizza places.Good good pizza pie!  You can't go wrong coming here!For me, it is all about the pizza bread, the crust, the char and blister.  Forget New Yawk versus Chicago.  The pizza war debate just got a third city in Seattle!  Serious Pie: I hold up their thin crust as one of the Nation's best, on par with Keste and Co. in New Yawk, the best thin crusts there.  I am especially in love with the breakfast style pizza here, which sports lardons of bacon kissing the yellow yolks of eggy goodness.  Best of all, not crowded in the later hours of lunch, so a nice relaxing diversion away from work.what is similar to experiencing ecstasy in heaven?yellowfoot chanterelles, truffle cheese pizza at serious pie!I was out entertaining friends from Alaska (actually they were Alaskan natives) and since I've always wanted to try this place (and the company was going to pay for it) we thought we'd give it a try.I thought the best thing to do was to ask the server what she would order and try 3 different pies. She makes her recommendation and we go with them. To be honest, there are only a few toppings that I can remember, so sorry if I can't list the exact pies. In my opinion all three were very good but I'm not sure where pink lady apples belong on pizza.The bummer here was my out of towners. They come from small villages in or near the Arctic Circle and to be honest.... they are fine with their Digiorno pizza and some of the toppings were just too much for them. I on the other hand would love to go back and try some different pies. I also loved the crust! Service was great and the staff was very friendly!We lucked out with a wait of less than five minutes. The communal seating is less cramped than other establishments that offer this type of seating where you feel like you are literally on top of your neighbor. We ordered two appetizers to start, the grilled octopus, and the fava beans crostini. For pizzas, we chose the chantrelle mushroom pie with truffle cheese, and the sausage with carmelized onions and peppers. Paired with a hefeweizen, it was a very good meal. I'm probably not as much of a fan of this type of pizza as others, but the quality and blending of the ingredients (along with good service) makes for a very good dining experience.We came here on a Thursday night and luckily got seated right away. Most of the seating is communal (unless you have a bigger group) so we were pretty cozy next to the couple next to us ...the girl of the pair had a super super high voice. It was a little entertaining listening to what other people close to you talked about so we still enjoyed our evening. We ordered the mushroom and the sausage pizza along with a couple of drinks. The crust of the pizza is AMAZING. I believe there is sea salt on the bottom. If I didn't drink, I would have eaten the whole pie for myself. This style of pizza is one of my favorites...excellent crust, not soggy but slightly chewy and crusty in some parts. Too bad this is in Seattle and not New York!!! :(((The happy hour makes it worth trying...a small pie for $6, but even that's not all that great of a deal.  I've had better pizza...this doesn't even approach any random pizzeria on the street in NYC.  Again, I'm not sure why everyone is swooning over another average to mediocre Tom Douglas offering...Delicious pizza, great salads, cool atmosphere and friendly service.  Really like the concept and execution of this pizza place.I am QUITE honored to be the 1,158th reviewer for this fine establishment. I tried an array of pizzas the other day... four to be exact and they were all great. The ingredients used are high in quality and the crust is thin and made to perfection. There are all types of pizzas for anyone - pepperoni to squash and sausage. Pizza is obviously a staple in the American diet and finding a pizza joint that is leaps ahead of other pizzas is something for anyone to get excited about. Including over 1,000 people on Yelp. Cheers, Tom Douglas. You have yet to disappoint me.Excellent pizza. In the same league (but not quite as awesome as) Apizza Scholls. That's saying all that needs to be said based on what's already here.We came on a very cold, windy, and rainy day, so business was a little slow. We had a light lunch consisting of their kale salad and sausage pizza. Both were great! I'm a huge fan of kale, and their's was done perfectly. It consisted of pinenuts, roasted peppers, and parmesean cheese in a lemony vinaigrette. So simple and delicious; definitely something I'm inspired to try at home. The sausage and roasted peppers pizza was nicely done, although I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've ever had. I actually found it to be quite simple and ordinary, but just executed perfectly. A nice place for a causal lunch; I saw both business meals and family dining.nomnomnom.really enjoyed the fare. started with the apple salad -- which we mistakenly ordered thinking it had greens. no, it's all apple. it was delicious though. ended with the mozzarella and basil pizza which was masterfully prepared by artisan pizza dudes. crispy crust with a soft center, balanced with a sweet and modestly tart marinara sauce.the lighting and ambiance was nice. when it's crowded though, you're going to be table-sharing. if you've ever been to antico's in atlanta, you'll be used to this. if the price point was commensurate to quality, i would have given it five stars. it's a little on the high side for what you get.loved these pies! the kale salad was amazing, just a little heavy on the cheese. the pizzas were just delicious.. i normally dread the crust after eating all the good stuff, but i devoured these. the margherita had hearty melted globs of buffalo moz, fresh basil, and a killer sauce. got the egg&frisee salad to go - best train meal ever! love the frisee on top - it's a fresh, perfect complement to the egg & coppa. can't wait to come back!I walked by Serious Pie hundreds of times when I lived in Seattle and never bothered to stop, but for some reason today seemed like the perfect day to give it a try and I was not disappointed! It has a very warm feel; I liked the art work, the awesome light fixtures, and the windows make it feel very open. I enjoyed the giant pub tables and really didn't mind sitting with strangers (added bonus, the tables have hooks for your bags). It is also kinda cool that it is sunken into the street a bit, this makes it feel like a real hidden gem when your inside. We dined on the pizza of the day, it was an olive oil based pizza with english peas, caramelized onions, goat cheese, and basil. I had all intentions of trying the yukon pie, but after hearing that description I couldn't say no. The pizza is small but my husband and I split it and left content. The goat cheese was fluffy and delicious, but the onions were the highlight. Who says that about their meal? Let me reiterate, the onions were the highlight! I am not sure what they were caramelized in, but they were so flavorful I could have eaten them by the pound. The crust was thick and crisp on the outside, but soft on the inside. I'm not one to finish my crust, but there was no way I was leaving any remnants of this pizza. So good! They definitely earned bonus points when the waitress offered us some complimentary foccia bread to go...umm yes please. We ended up splitting it with a friend and it was fantastic. Crisp and salty on the outside and fluffy, light, and airy on the inside. I love that they step outside of the box with their pizza toppings and their creativity definitely pays off. Thank you Serious Pie for proving to me yet again that pizza is serious business.I'm neither a big fan of Pizza nor am I big fan of Tom Douglas (like his restaurants, but am not a TDoug worshipper). I do think Serious Pie is ridiculously good. I highly recommend the Buffalo Mozzarella: perfect thin crust - one of the best slices I've had anywhere. In addition to amazing food, I really liked the atmosphere, especially the large communal tables.Loved this place. The only downfall is you cannot make your own pizza. You choose from a list of what they have on the menu. We got the mushroom truffle cheese and the sausage basil and roasted peppers they were both good. The mushroom truffle cheese one was one of the better flavors I've ever tasted. The crust is good also. It's thin and crunchy. We went during happy hour the mini pizzas are only $6 each otherwise they were $16 but don't quote me on that not really 100% on that. Will definitely go back if I get a chance. I will probably remember the mushroom truffle cheese pizza till I die.The service here is friendly and unintrusive. I was there on a Monday night, so traffic was light, but they were quick to seat me, and get me to ordering, without rushing me.  I took their recommendation on the Elliot Bay 3.14 brew. Pi, get it?  It was light, but tasty.  I ordered the special salad had a generous slice of fresh mozz on it, grapes and Shallots.. Nice greens selection. lava salt made a difference.  It sounded pretentious when they say it's black lava salt, but the earthiness of the salt actually enhanced the dish.  I'm glad they were specific.Fun to watch the process of them making pizzas, since it's an open air kitchen. They initially made me the wrong pizza, but handled it perfectly. The waiter walked out, double checked that I had ordered the duck egg pizza, took responsibility for messing up the order, and asked if I wanted to nibble on the mistakenly made pizza while the right pizza was made.  If every place treated customers like this, it would be a wonderful world.  I know it sounds weird to say when someone screwed up, but to fess up to an error, offer a smart solution, and then just do it made me happy.  I saw them hand off the pizza to the crew that was taking a meal break. It works out.  I got my duck egg pizza a few minutes later.  This pizza makes me feel a little dirty inside, and I like it!  It was rich, a total mess, but the crust was excellent, and the bitter greens really balance out the richness of the egg. I was stuffed, and hated myself for having to pack some up, but I'll be back when I'm in Seattle next!ExcellentBest Pizza in Seattle. Try the pizza making classesReally enjoyed the delicious pizza here on a recent visit to Seattle. Crispy thin crust with flavor packed toppings - what's not to love? It is a pretty tiny place, but there was no wait on a Wednesday night and we were seated right away when we arrived around 9. Service was friendly and efficient. It was an easy walk from our downtown hotel too. Would definitely return when in the area.Most of the pizzas here have an olive oil based sauce. That being said we ordered one of the pizzas that had clams and pancetta. Never thought clams on a pizza would go well but man its pretty bomb here. Order another pizza with pizza sauce and was let down. The sauce here is pretty sour. I'm more used tot he sweet hearty sauce.The crust is totally awesome here. Very airy yet crunchy with a baked cookie texture. So many textures in one! Next time i go ere I will create my own pizza!My gal pal had Serious Pie for her rehearsal dinner.  She ordered almost 30 pies to go  and asked me to pick them up. They were prompt and the service was great. They brought everything out to my car for me.  There were several different pies but they were all incredible. My favorite was the one with the egg on it.  What a unique little place.Love the flatbread crust. Lots of great flavor combinations. Staff was super friendly. Ended up going back again for take out to our hotel."roasted chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese: DELICIOUS."I worked at a pizza parlor for the better part of a decade but had the best pizza of my life at this place on a trip to Seattle. Yellowfoot chanterelles with truffle cheese? Slices of heaven.Really tasty pie. Interesting toppings. But not the best I've ever had.Expensive ass pizza with pretty damn good crust.  Worth giving it a try if you are in the mood for $20 pies.Good spot to meet up with friends for happy hour or lunch. I like the buffalo mozzarella pizza and it's great at happy hour because the personal sized pizzas are just $5. Good beers on tap as wellExpensive ridiculously good pizza. In all honesty though, I don't care about the price, i'll still throw money at themreally, really good :)Seriously !  Really ?  I called the night before and was told it was an hour wait.  My girl and I decided to eat there the next day around 2 pm.  Luckily the wait wasn't long (15 minutes).  The host called us to our table (space), then realized his mistake and gave it to another group...fine.  We waited a few minutes when our actual space was open.  We ordered the cherrybomb peppers and sausage pizza and eagerly awaited for it.  While waiting, we were chatting away, but couldn't help also listening to our neighbors.  Ahh, nothing better than mushy young love served with your food.  I have nothing against communal space , but that was when I was in grade school !  Soooo close, no elbow space !      We noticed our food was taking longer than usual, because we observed other people that had ordered after us get their pizza , wtf !  Our waiter, realizing this, finally came by and said our order was coming soon ... what ?  did he forget to put it in ?        The $16 pizza , sad to say is terrible .  It is similar to the frozen Totino's pizza that I used to eat when I was a young snot-nosed kid.This midwestern girl is IN LOVE with this place.  Chantrelle and truffle pizza is to DIE for!  Crust is spectacular!  I really wish I was having one here in Wisconsin tonight!Got the roasted chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese and it was awesome! The only thing is it was a little pricy for a pizza that thin and small.Damn good pie. Got the margarita pizza. Next time I come back to Seattle I'm coming here!  Definitely a good place for pizza.OMG!  Why did we have to eat dinner already?!  Fiance and I only found this place because it was a 5 minute walk from our hotel and we were craving a late-night snack!  It was cute, cozy, and intimate.  We sat at a table with four other people, ordered some drinks, and shared the Sweet Fennel Sausage pizza.  I love thin-crust, brick-oven pizza...and this one had sweet juicy sausage with oozing tomato sauce.  So delicious I can still taste it now!  Must come back!This place lives up to its name and delivers serious pizza pie. For some traditionalists, you may be disappointed if you order one without sauce in it, but it's still pretty good, gourmet-style. I recommend the yukon gold potato pie, or the margarita style one. Also somewhat pricey for a pizza place. Arrive a few minutes early to hunt street parking, or the lot eastward on the block, and be ready to wait if it's a busy night (small space).Great, flavorful pizza.  No reservations and simple dining area are a little bit of a pain.  Get there early or order take-out.I had such high hopes, people, but it was all just...okay. The wait was about 20 minutes on a Friday afternoon, and I was glad they offered to call us when the table was ready because the place is tiny. The pizza menu has a lot of obscure ingredients, so I'm pulling this info off the website. We had one pizza with clams, pancetta, and lemon thyme. It was really dry and I couldn't taste anything but bread and cheese. I didn't like that there was zero sauce of any kind and the cheese was shredded on after baking. Because it was only partially melted, that made it taste even drier. The other pizza had peppers and sausage, and that was a little better. Still, very scarce on the toppings. It was like all crust and a few toppings scattered in the middle. I mean, it was good and you can tell it's high quality stuff, but it's not worth the hype, the prices, or the wait.the best damned pizza i have ever had! not to be missed. i can't even begin to describe this. eat here!now!Great pizza!! Friends from Seattle took us here for our first dinner in Seattle. It was great!! Apparently the chef owns several restaurants in Seattle that are very popular. I would go back and eat their pizza again. Its sort of warm in their, feels like you're in the pizza oven. Dress accordingly or go on one of those cold rainy days (everyday in seattle)Went here on the Savor Seattle tour and look foreword to returning on future visits to Seattle. Both pizzas we sampled were excellent, with awesome crisp crust.I've eaten a lot of pizza during my trip around the Pacific Northwest, but all of it was sub-standard until Serious Pie.  This is a tiny spot, with communal seating, which I enjoy.  Instead of high chairs they do have little seats that hook on the edge of the table, so don't hesitate to bring your wee ones in.  The pizzas are incredible from the crust on up.  It's clear they know a thing or two about bread, since they're busy making loaves right next to the restaurant (you can watch while you eat).  We ordered two pies, one with delicata squash, roasted garlic and gorgonzola, and one with fancy mushrooms and truffle cheese.  The squash pizza was amazingly flavorful, with no one flavor overpowering the others.  I didn't enjoy the mushroom pie as much, the mushrooms were quite chewy and the truffle cheese was incredibly rich.  I'm not generally a fan of fancy mushrooms, though.Service was quick and helpful, and they let us keep our soaking wet stroller behind the counter.Now I know what it feels like to be a man. I took my brother here our first night in Seattle. I don't particularly like pizza, but he does and I thought the fresh take on pizza would appease my sensitive stomach.  $50 was a bit much to spend on a sibling outing, but if he put out at the end it would have been worth it. Wait. What?San Marzano tomatoes, basil, buttery mozzarella all on top an amazing crust.  The crust is almost "Naan-like"  so good.  My partner in crime go here a lot and have never had to wait more than 20 min for a table.  Love it!!Good -- not even close to great.   Got the clam, lemon, and prosciutto pie.  Had so much pepper on it you couldn't taste anything else!  Server said "that's the way we make it" which we took to mean our palates are either not refined enough for such "fancy" pizza or he didn't want to do anything about it.  For $50 for two people (appetizer, drinks and pizza)  we expected a lot better -- you should too.Amazingly yummy stuff!!!!!   Lines can be rediculos on weekends though.Nice place, good pizza, good wine, nice staff, quiet and nice.  I enjoyed.Solid pizza option in Seattle.  Ate here with Brandon Bible in June 2009.  The anchovy and pesto pizza was very good.  Decent beer selection.Don't go if you are claustrophobic.. or impatient. They don't take reservations, but will gladly take your name and call you when you can be seated. We just walked in, put in our name and went down the street for some wine. Perfect start to an evening at Serious Pie. Let me start by saying I NEVER eat pizza. I also rarely go to a semi-pricey restaurant where you are sitting at communal bench tables. This was so worth it. Worth the chaos, the wait, the carbs. The pizza is so good, I have no idea how the crust is so light, so tasty. I could have eaten that crust by itself. We shared the arugula, egg, and porchini pizza, and the truffle pizza. Both very good, I loved the spice of the arugula with the egg. What a great combination I would have never thought of. Thank you Tom Douglas for giving me so many great dining options in Seattle. Next I'm going to Dahlia Lounge.i'd give 5 stars, but a pizza joint w/ a 75min wait? hmmm. good thing Macys was around the corner. I came back after 60min (and 3 pairs of shoes later) and waited for another 15min  until our party of 3 were seated. it is a small place, but it's packed. really pretty dim lighting with bar height communal tables. gave it a very nice rustic yet a modern 'homey' feel. we were starving at that point and ordered 3 pizzas for us to share. (which was a perfect amount)yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil penn cove clams, house pancetta, lemon thyme the special: baby arugula over roasted garlic and some yummy sauceHANDS DOWN the best pizza ever!! it is thin crust which i love and it's sooooo tasty.. i kept eating even though i was full. could not let it go to waste. fairly good wine/beer list. MUST GO AGAIN!We were visiting Seattle from Portland and stopped in for lunch.   The pizza was really excellent.  The the crust is thin and crunchy but tender and soft inside. Most of of topping comprised fresh ingredients such as wild mushrooms,squash, tomatoes etc.  Everything we saw around us looked good.  We also had a starter of roasted pumpkin, arugula pesto and hazelnuts also excellent.  All the  long tables are counter high and are arranged in two rows. Each table has stools so if there is only 1-4 in your group you will probably have to sit with some other folks. I would definitely come back on my next trip to Seattle.There is something so comforting about a simple modern pizzeria with gourmet pies, fresh veggies and communal seating. The dough is perfectly chewy and crispy and the variety of ingredients offers some great options for vegetarians and carnivores.THE GOOD:Pizza - especially the crust!THE BAD:Ours was saltyTHE LOWDOWN:Visiting a Tom Douglas establishment on a Sunday afternoon has treated us well 2 weeks in a row.  We walked in and were seated instantly.  (I would not expect this again) The place is very small, the tables are communal & seating was comfortable given the set up.  The waitress was fast, friendly and knowledgeable.  We got 2 pizzas and beer, thank god they serve good beer, on tap was Maritime Old Seattle Lager.  That was a refreshing(since the Jolly Roger has delayed it opening yet again to late January)  The pizzas are hoity toity, but the place and the people are not. The pizzas we got were chanterelle mushrooms with a truffle cheese, the other was Salumi & sweet onions with a sheeps milk cheese.  Both were simply delicious.  The only caveat, the pies we got were super salty, not so salty to ruin them, but salty enough to knock this place down one star.  In my opinion great pizza starts with great crust, and this is no exception, the crust is actually the star and boy does it shine.  It was cooked to perfection in the wood fired oven, crispity cruncity on the outside & light tender and chewy on the inside.  To make things even better the toppings were perfectly portioned to compliment the greatness of the crust.  A perfect balance was achieved.  I felt that this place was priced fair and could easily command a higher price.  Portions were fine, our pies were plenty big enough for one person, but not quite two.  My wife also said the bathrooms were clean.  I didn't make it there, but for all you ladies out there, that a good thing to know.What drew us to Serious Pie was Tyler Florence on the show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate".  He claimed the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza here was in fact the best pizza he ever ate.  While I found this hard to believe, it was still worth a shot during our recent trip to Seatlle.We went with a group of 4.  From the outstide, the place looked small, dark and stuffy, but when we got in and sat down I actually kind of enjoyed the setting.  The restaurant is dimly lit with high wood tables and you end up sitting right next to other parties present.  It was actually a fun atmosphere in my opinion.  First we got some appetizers, the greens, the peach dish and the bruschetta.  All 3 were great, no complaints there at all.  Next we each got one of the pizzas: the Buffalo Mozarella, the above mentioned mushroom and truffle cheese pizza, the special (which was like an Arugula and ham salad on bread, and the fennel sausage and pepper pizza.  All 4 were good.  While the truffle cheese and mushroom pizza was quite good, it certainly was not "the best pizza I ever ate" (those 2 items are also not necessarily high on my most-liked ingredients list either).  However, I could now at least grasp how someone could think so.  The Buffalo Monzarella and tomato pizza was my favorite of the night.  That absolutely classic combination was done so right and left me very satisfied.  The special was good, but had too much arugula on it and the sausage pizza was absolutely delicious.I'd recommend Serious Pie to all the pizza lovers out there.This place has SERIOUSLY good pizza. There is a bit of a wait but they are willing to call your cell when your table is available. I loved that they had purse hooks under the tables, especially since the place is tiny. I got the clam pizza, different but nevertheless delicious. The only draw back is that it is rather warm inside because of the pizza ovens and the loads of people in a tiny place. Two thumbs up and would definitely recommend trying :)Well, I've wanted to eat here since they opened . . . we got a table right away, although it was crowded with trendy folks.  We ordered a beet and "caramelized anchovy" salad, a margherita pizza, a clam and pancetta, and a mushroom and truffle oil pizza.  First, the beet salad was sprinkled with the most overpowering mixture of herbs, and only had one anchovy in it that was rock hard; the margherita was the best pizza but was lukewarm at best; the clam, overwrought with herbs, and the mushroom had, again, one extra herb.  Honestly, this is pizza for people who do not like pizza.  The dough was oily, and salty; the pizza was all lukewarm!!!!; and overall costly--$70, no drinks, for lunch.  Easily the most disappointing pizza experience in Seattle.Maybe the best pizza I've ever had and I've had all the big city pizzas, and know how to make my own really well. The crust is bubbly black like Lombardi's in NYC and the thin crust is crispy but chewy on the inside, which can only be done by a really hot, wood-fired oven. The meyer lemon, mozzarella and kalamata olive pizza was ridculous and only 15 bucks. Wife's sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone was salty but top quality ingredients. This is the best gourmet pizza joint I've ever been to.Good pizza with a creative variety of toppings. The wait for lunch can be a bit long so come early.Not the best pizza I've ever had but definitely worth a try.  I had the clam, pancetta, and lemon thyme pie that was good. Has a great thin crust but the lemon thyme flavor with all the cheese they grated on top was a bit overwhelming after a while.  My boyfriend had the wild boar and green olive pie. I'm not a big fan of olives but they were great on the pie and the sausage was juicy and not overcooked. The downside was they told me the wait would be 20-30 minutes and ended up being a 50 minute wait. I didn't mind but my boyfriend was getting irritated. The staff was really friendly and due to the wait they gave us a dessert on the house! We choose the cannoli which was a nice end to our meal. I'm not big on cream fillings but the mascarpone filling was light and not overly sweet. They have good pies that definitely have quality ingredients but nothing I'd die over.I came here on a recommendation from a friend and it was written up in AAA magazine. We started off with the bruschetta. It had a lot of flavor, but was a bit oily. We ordered 3 pizzas, sausage, mushroom and clams. The chanterelle mushroom with truffle cheese was my favorite. It was very fragrant and flavorful. The sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers with provolone was also very good. This too was a bit on the oily side. I wanted to like the clam, but it just wasn't that great. The clams were a bit rubbery and it overall didn't have much taste to it. We were prepared to order dessert, but we were just handed our bill. I guess they wanted the table. It was a pretty pricy meal and we only got OK service.BF and I came here because it's one of yelp's top reviewed places in seattle.  It was a let down for us.  We had one with mushroom and truffle cheese and one with clams.  The crust was too thin and crunchy.  And the restaurant is too small, you have to sit intimately close to your neighbors and yell across the table to have  conversations.This place was awesome. I remember my girlfriend and I got the Fennel sausage.. It was pretty mind blowing. I would recommend it.Not a pizza person but this place was great.  Gourmet pizza that taste great and good size that you can share.  I order the basic maragherta pizza  butw my friends order the fancier ones and theirs was awesome.  Especially the one that has arugula and eggs. Yummy.This is one of my favorite places to eat and they're so close, talk about neighborhood eats! This place is always packed, so get your name down on the list ASAP and be prepared to wait. I love the thin crust, fresh ingredients and innovative toppings. The appetizers could be bigger, but I never really get anything except pizza here. The special changes daily, if you want something added (like meat) just ask and they can add this for you for a small fee. They also do take out!Serious Pie has the best pizza that I've ever had in my life. Yes, it is a little fancier than your typical pizza place, but definitely worth a try! They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait and wait, especially as it is not a large restaurant. If you take a Savor Seattle Tour, you can get 10-15% off here as they are on their partners list.I really enjoyed this place! Delicious pizza--their crust is to die for. We ordered the fennel sausage pizza but a potato pizza showed up first since our server missed entered our order so we got 2 for the price of 1! Sweet! We actually both liked the potato one better. Had a more delicate, appetizer feel and the sausage was heavier/greasier taste. We also ordered the apple salad with blue cheese and hazelnuts. YUM! Really tart and acidic but a perfect balance to a cheesy meal. Our server was really sweet and let us enjoy the experience. I would come back here happily. For a Sunday night, it was about a 10 minute wait to get seated.Pretty good pie I say so myself for the upper west. We were doing the Tom Douglas corner restaurant hopping during our vacation. Can't go wrong with the fennel sausage pizza. The only downside was common tables with pizza which was no bueno.I went there the other night on a date and had fun......We split the truffle pizza and a roasted beet salad....We also got a carafe of white wine and it came to $60..... You do have to sit very close to strangers, since all of the tables are pushed together.......I had fun and thought the food was tastey, however I think if I go back I will try their happy hour menu.....:-)Had an early weekday dinner here with a friend before a concert at Jazz Alley. Not particularly impressed with the Happy Hour specials, but the two wines I tried while waiting for my dining partner were excellent (franco serra barbera d'alba & stella montepulciano d'abruzzo). Service was adequate and friendly, but not especially attentive - but it was the tail end of Happy Hour and the beginning of the dinner crowd. Neither of us found the starters very appealing - and I thought most of them read more like side dishes. We ordered the sweet fennel sausage & the roasted mushroom pizzas, and they were wonderful. We would have each been able to take a meal home if we hadn't been speedwalking directly to a show. Crust was the perfect mix or crispy & chewy, and a little salty, which I'm partial to. All of the ingredients were fresh, perfectly cooked, and matched in a deliciously complementary way. Only wish they delivered to Ballard!the best pizza I have had in the jUS A.  I hate to say it, but the crust preparation rivals anything you can get in NaplesMoney pizza.  Decent size but would be more satisfied if they were a bit larger.  Lots of cool and tasty combos.  Happy hour pizza is a great deal if you can make itI love wood fired pizza and Serious Pie did not disappoint.  I will say that out of all of my favorites (which includes Tutta Bella and Via Tribunali) I think that serious pie has the best dough.  They achieve a flaky buttery crust that is not so typical in wood fired pizza.  I will say that the price is slightly high for what you get.  But I think that the community table setting (which I do not prefer) has some impact on my view.  If I am paying a premium for something, I would like to choose who is sitting at my table.  However, that being said, I love this place and will be going back.  They also have a really awesome root beer float.HH has  think 3 pies (mini ones) for $18 or something like that. Before heading back to SoCal we stopped by and had two beers with some pies- the truffle mushroom is out of this world. The wait staff is slow and not so friendly but the food made up for it.Like, seriously, you need to try to potato pizza.After hearing tons of good things about this place, my hubby and I wanted to try it for ourselves.  We walked in around 2pm which I would consider an off time and still had to wait for a table.  The place is much smaller than I had thought it would be, though it did have a nice ambiance.  We ordered the beets, anchovy, pistachio and mint starter which was surprisingly delicious.  I thought the anchovy would be overwhelming and salty but it was not at all.  It was delicately sprinkled on top of the beets and gave just enough salt to the dish.  We also ordered the penn cove clams, pancetta and thyme pizza, which was also delicious.  The flavors worked together beautifully.  And for the crust, let's just say I am not a crust kind of gal but the crust on the pizza was superb -- crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the pizzas.Happy hour here is awesome - 5 dollar mini-pies and cheap beer! It was great because it gives you the opportunity to try a whole bunch of different assortment of pies at once. I will DEFINITELY come back here when I am in the area.While I'd never say that we should all be spending $16 on a pizza for one, I will say that the $16 you spend on a pizza here is going to be worth it. Serious Pie is yet another awesome restaurant from Tom Douglas, has a nice neighborhoody / comfy feel (you'll typically be seated next to others unless you're a larger table), and is a place we've really started considering a dinner experience, rather than a place to go to when we want pizza. Definitely a neighborhood gem.I was so excited about this place! The pizzas look beautiful and so promising. However, I ended up disappointed. If you don't mind waiting an hour in line to get a table and then waiting another hour to get your food, then this place is for you. The pizza isn't NY style as I had hoped nor is it comparable to pizza in Italy. It is its own thing. Thin crust and mildly flavored but just average. If you want really good NY style pizza check out Via Tribulani in Queen Anne instead.This was on our pre-planned list of restaurants to hit on our 24-hour sprint through Seattle, and it definitely did not disappoint. The place was packed when arrived before 5pm--always a good sign, right?!  I started with a glass of pink prosecco, and we ordered....I had the Yukon potato pizza and boyfriend had the cured meat (the name escapes me), arugula & egg pizza.  Not only were both combinations delicious...the crust is out of this world!!  It's too bad we live in LA & can't visit regularly...actually, maybe that's a good thing for the diet!  Next visit to Seattle will definitely include another meal here!For happy hour, this place rocks.  Their wine selections the night we went were awesome.  But the pies are too small.  Too small!  Fine for the price we paid at happy hour, but like the other poster said, too expensive for a real dinner.  Go to Palace Kitchen instead if you want to show people Tom Douglas.This is seriously good pizza.  I had the clam pizza and sausage and fenel pizza.  Duck pate is very good.  As is the Coconut cream pie which you can get from the bakery right next to the place (not on the menu).  The atmosphere is a little cramped because it's shared seating, but I still liked it.  I'm also a big fan of Verace, but this place is up there.Great pizza with some creative toppings.  Atmosphere is great, another Tom Douglas hit.   Crust is great, although not as good as Delanceys crust.  Be prepared to wait.Excellent!!  Atmosphere was cozy. Fennel sausage was delicious. I would definitely eat here again if I ever go back to Seattle.Six words, chanterelle mushrooms with truffle cheese pizza....amazing!  Went to visit family and we headed to Serious Pie after a few recommendations.  The pizza was phenomenal, the deserts were seriously killer, even the raw kale salad tasted like it should be at your last meal.  The inside atmosphere was nice but not to high end where you feel out of place in jeans.  Make sure to make reservations or prepare to wait in line because this place is in demand and now I know why.Best crust anywhere except maybe Naples, Italy - wood fired crispiness and chewy tenderness at the same time. Olive oil flavors, perfect spices, never greasy, just the right amount of cheese. Nice to see someone take pizza seriously. Would like to see maybe more spectacular seasonal salads with heirlooms and greens and herbs and stuff like Toms other restaurants, but overall solid. Downside? Our kids won't eat pizza at friends b'day parties anymore!Fannnnnnntastic pizza!  Great combinations, squash and pork belly -- yum yum yum.  And I usually don't eat the end crusts (I know, I'm 12 yrs. old) but this pizza barely survived total decimation.  Service was great too -- very nice and solid recommendations.  Worth a wait!The best mushroom pizza I ever had.  Worth the wait. No reservation @ this place.came here for my bdaya bit of a wait on a friday night.  this place is good for the group!good selection of beers and the most memorable pizza we ordered was a simple sausage pizza, go figure!SERIOUSLY GREAT!  I can't believe I've only ever been here one time, but when we venture to the big Emerald city, we usually do so with a reservation (which Serious Pie does not take).  We happened to be downtown on a Monday afternoon so thought it would be the perfect time to try it, since it is usually so busy.  It still attracted a decent lunch crowd, but we secured out seats and ordered two pies: one special with my favorite castelverano olives and sausage and one with brussel sprouts and prociutto.  Both were amazing!Seriously Good Pie! Perfect thin cracker crust.  If I ever go to Seattle again, this is my first stop!Delicious but a little overrated.Rochelle, Rochelle! Wasn't that a Seinfeld episode? I dream of a world in which all the restaurants I visit will have a hostess like Rochelle. First off, this branch of Serious Pie is pretty small. It fits probably 10-15 tables in a very cozy space. We knew this ahead of time and figured that we should get there early to make sure we could get a table. We showed up and were pleasantly surprised to find the wait was only 15 minutes or so. Unfortunately, the rest of our table was not there, so we had to take our chances to see if they'd get there before our table was ready. No go. At just about that time, we find out there's a 70,000 person video gaming convention in town and we see the first gamers start drifting in. Luckily, Rochelle went way above and beyond to make sure that when our party was all there, she found us a table quickly. While we were waiting, she was fun to talk to and she even told us that when she gets solo diners, she'll try to hook them up with a friendly table where the diner can hopefully make some new friends. We started off with the baby lettuce and radishes. A healthy-sized salad to share that highlighted the fresh radishes. As you enjoy your appetizers or pre-meal drinks, you watch these amazing pizzas slide out of the brick oven. Nicely baked and crispy crusts puffed up with airy pockets. Pizza #1: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino. Don't get potatoes on pizza too often, but on this pizza, they were well cooked and well seasoned. Pizza #2: buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil. The classic margherita. Big slices of mozzarella melted over a tasty (not too acidic) red sauce. Could have done with a bit more basil, but still a great pie. Pizza #3: sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone. Love the sweet fennel sausage. Roasted peppers added good flavor to the pizza and it didn't get overpowered by the provolone cheese. The pizzas are also pretty big. We got 3 pizzas for 4 people and a kid and probably could have walked out with leftovers if we had somewhere to keep it. I suppose they are serious about their pies here. Waitstaff was cool and friendly, they have quite a few local microbrew beers to wash down your pizza with. The wait definitely dragged out to 1-1.5 hours as we saw more people arrive. It would be hard for me to recommend a 1.5 hour wait for any restaurant, so I would say just come early, put your name down and you can go somewhere and grab a drink and wait for them to call you when they got a table for you.Very good pizza - I had the mozzarella with its nicely burnt crust.  I thought the dressing on the cucumber salad could have used less oil.  Good wine selection and good service.  Kudos to the hostess for finding a spot for this solo diner to sit at right away!Oh Tommy D - how are you such a culinary genius? Serious Pie has some seriously amazing pie - if you can find a seat of course. We tried their rosemary, potato and pecorino pie. Potato on anything is the way to my heart so I was obviously sold the minute I saw it. It was perfectly salty and all the ingredients really came through. We also tried their roasted crimini mushroom and truffle cheese pizza... I feel like I don't need to elaborate on that one, DELICIOUS. What's with their HH being from 3-5pm though, are there people our there that really get out of work early enough to hit up a 3pm HH? Jealous.Great great pizza and crust. The toppings we had were superb and the crust was just right.Wow. I am blown away by this pizza. It seriously is by far the best I have ever had! This is my go to place for pizza in seattle! Try the truffle pizza, if you don't think it's the best pizza ever, I will pay for that meal! Simply the best!Looking for an awesome and unexpected pizza??  You found it!  Toppings are original and it is strange how the they go together, again very unexpected!  Wish I lived in Seattle so I could go back sooner than my next visit.Everything is way too salty, but the pizza is at least cooked just right. I really enjoyed their interesting flavour combinations.Same experience I always have at a Serious Pie.  I just walked home and I'm hungry already and thirsty.  They need to add more meat to the pizza or put some more meat options on the appetizer list.  I do realize that there is a cured meat place, but I'd rather not feel bloaty for a day or two.  It's a pizza place.  Throw a really good meatball pizza or meatball appetizer on there.  Let me at least feel full for a little while.exceptional service. great location. yumWe drove from Vancouver down to Seattle on our trip recently and were hungry by the time we got to Seattle.  My wife's friend had recommended to try Serious Pie for their thin crust wood oven baked pizzas.  The servers were friendly and helpful, and put my little one in  a clip on high chair so he could eat with us.  We ordered a Kale salad with pine nuts, and 2 pizzas. One was the cream of mushroom pizza, and the other was a salami, meatball pizza.  When the pizza came to our table, it was just at the right temperature to eat.... not so hot that the first bite burned my tongue or roof of my mouth.   The crust was crispy, and the toppings were just the right amount.  The pizza sauce was very flavorful, not too sour, and the mixture of herbs gave it a great kick.  We washed the pizzas down with a couple of local brews. I think the price was a little high for the size of pizza (about slightly larger than a football), especially for lunch.Great atmosphere and even better pizza. Toppings are creative and compliment each other well. Crust was prepared just right.I was surprised that I didn't like this more. The waiting area is ridiculously small and cramped. The hostess was really great though and said if we wanted to go grab a drink somewhere she would call us. So after a 45 minute wait we came back and were seated 5 minutes later after we fought our way through the crowd at the waving hostess on the other side. We had a nice table. The server was nice and the service was fine if not a bit blah. We had the bruschetta the topping was yummy but wasn't really impressed with the bread portion. It was too crunchy, like it was overcooked. We had the pen cove clams pizza which was overly chewy and the crust was not the amazing thing I read about. The chanterelle mushroom and truffle cheese one was better if still not a bit bland. I just felt the overall experience was a let down after the hype I have heard about this place.Just visited this place! It was recomended by many friends and co-workers.Very knowledgable staff that provided excellent customer services and explained the menu better than many fine dining locations! Staff was also pleasent and attentive. Food was delicious and the moscoto and IPA beer was perfect. I like the location and the environment and would havenever known about this jewel of a restaurant if it had not been for all thegreat reviews. If you are visiting Seattle this is one experience you want on the list. You don't have to worry about trying something different, because this will be nothing like you've had before. Hands down one of my new favorites.Yummy! Worth the wait!The best pizza I have had in years! I ordered the today's special: olive oil-based pizza with duck bacon, Roma tomatoes, grilled eggplant and crisped basil. The layers of flavor and texture made this pizza unique and unforgettably delicious!  Servers are friendly and attentive. Love it!I've been there once.  I didn't really care for it.  I am a Tom Douglas follower, but that's not my type of pizza.This place definitely has THE freshest ingredients on their pizza that I have ever been to. Although the pizza tastes fresh and the place is not touristy at all, I would not recommend it for families because it seems to be more of a pizza joint for the younger crowd. It is very expensive for personal size pizzas (but one has to account for the quality of the pizzas)."The crust on these pizzas are unbelievable good. I use "00" flour but my pizza does not taste this amazing. We had the special - broccoli rabe, pancetta, and rabiola cheese. If I lived in Seattle I would definitely take one of their pizza making classes."Seriously good pizza. Unique toppings and delicious crust. If you're going for dinner, try to get there early as this is a small joint that doesn't take reservations.I love this place.  The only reason that I am not giving it 5 stars is just because it's not very cozy and there is not a lot of room.  But the food is amazing.  Always fresh ingredients and interesting and unexpected combinations.  Do not go here expecting PIZZA.  It's just not.  And that will make the prices a little easier to swallow.  A pie is about $15 but feeds one person.  The crust is super crazy thin so it's not as ridiculous as it sounds.  I am always impressed by the interesting combinations of flavors.  Service can be a bit slow..but, it's Seattle.  That's just the name of the game.This pizza is delicious. I went here on Savor Seattle Food Tours, I cant wait to go back to this place. The pizza with the chantrelle mushrooms is amazing. Also, the crust on the pizza is delicious, it tasted very gourmet, like the care a pastry chef would take.What's Essential:A] Menu prices are not in line with portion sizes:I ordered: 1) the Penn Cove Clams, House Pancetta, Lemon Thyme pizza = $16.00 + $1.60 Tax + $3.00 Tip = $20.60; Tasty but not memorably so [not enough Pancetta or Clams! [Main ingredients - is that a place to skimp?] + an unfulfilling portion; also, the pizza crust is pretzel-salty [not to everyone's taste].Most pizzas here are priced between $15-$16; Look hard at the oval pie that you are served - what is it? the equivalent of two regular pizza slices?2) a thoroughly unremarkable slice of Spiced Olive Oil Cake = $8.00 + $.60 Tax + $1.50 Tip = $10.10 [I'd avoid this menu item - does it have to be this bland?]a) My view is that the price of every menu item needs to be reduced or portion sizes need to be enlarged to recommend this menu, Tom Douglas imprimatur or not. b] Unless you have a party of 5-6 and can fill a table, seats at the communal tables are far too close to one another; pray that your adjacent tablemate doesn't have a cold, eats with their elbows out or speaks loudly.c] Given the open kitchen format, the dining room can be uncomfortably warm in spring, summer and fall - the quality of your deodorant will be tested.d] Service is cordialAs is, Serious Pie oozes "tourist trap" - thus: a) don't go hungry; b) skip dessert; c) bring a germ mask; d) wear an outfit with removable layers.This is some seriously yummy pie!  I love the cherry bomb and sausage!  I think I have tried almost all the pizzas on the menu and this is my favorite.  The staff is friendly and food comes quick.  Tom Douglas, I don't think I have been to one of your restaurants and have been disappointed yet!  And you have to have that Mexican Coke with that pizza! Delish!This place lives up to its name. It makes a pie that is truly delicious, in fact is makes 7 pies, four of which I tried and loved. I got to try all these on two visits, one when I came for dinner and four when I went with someone to happy hour, the greatest darn deal you may ever see in your life, unless they sold them for four dollars instead of five. The first pizza I tried was the Yukon gold potato which was really great. Each ingredient shined through and the pairings were amazing. The thinly sliced potato balance great with the rosemary. This might have been my favorite pie, but the Cherry bomb peppers pie with fennel sausage was amazing too. It is without a doubt one of the best-est sausage pizzas you will ever eat, and it is the most popular pie at this place for a reason. I wasn't terribly impressed by the more modest and traditional san marzano and buffalo mozz pizza, it was good but not the best interpretation of the classic combination I have had and not the best pizza at Serious Pie.This might be a good time to say that the airiness of the crust is wonderful, and I do disagree with some comments that the crust had too much cornmeal. Now to the last pizza I tried on my second visit. The Penn Cove Clam pie is good, and I was rewarded for ignoring my continuing fear of seafood on a pizza with a pie that had a great balance of saltiness and sourness (from the lemon) which came together for a memorable flavor. I also tried a winter squash and pesto appetizer which I don't think is on the menu anymore, so I won't go into any deeper detail other than to say it was quite tasty. The cannoli dessert is the kind of dessert that will have you desperately trying to spoon out the last beads of cream and sauce from the bottom of the plate. The cannoli hits all the right notes and is accented by a few interesting toppings like pine nuts. It's a great way to finish off after some great pizza.The wait is very long on weekend nights, usually in excess of an hour, so go really late or find something to do in area (not much within walking distance on cold and very rainy night, so we just had some tea and read newspapers in the sitting area at Ralph's Grocer around the corner) as the restaurant will call your cell when your table is just about ready. There are some non-communal tables, only three of them actually and they only sit two each.Serious Pie was awesome.  My friend works for Tom Douglas, so we even got a few tasty treats that weren't on the menu.  Score.  Their toppings are so delicious and unique.  You gotta try it.very, very good brick oven pizza joint in seattle.  we at the crimini mushroom and the pesto pizza (special). both perfectly prepared from crust to cheese to sauce to toppings.place gets pretty packed.  would be nice if there was a bar in there to grab a drink while you wait for your table.Of all my years living in Seattle, this was the first time I went to a restaurant that was linked to Tom Douglas. And I actually didn't know he owned this place until I came here. Anyways, my friend and I grabbed a late dinner here on a weekday, and it was still packed! We had to wait for about 30 minutes or so. The space is small and cramped, and expect to share a communal table. But we were able to have our own conversations, and it wasn't too loud.Now comes the food. The menu itself isn't expansive, but they had some great options to choose from. I was really craving seafood, so I ordered the Penn Cove Clam pizza while my friend ordered the garlic sausage pizza (we split the pizza half and half). Wow... the first bite into the clam pizza, I could definitely taste the lemon juice and the clams had great texture and flavor. The crust and bread itself had a slightly salty flavor to it and had a nice crunch. The garlic sausage pizza, one of the more traditional flavors on the menu, was savory and rich. The rustico cheese with the red pepper flakes provided a nice spice kick to balance the sweetness of the sausage and eggplant. Sure the pizzas here range from $15-17, but it really is worth the price. I will definitely swing by whenever I am in town again, I would love to try their different specialties of the day and their other pizzas since they all sound so delicious!It was ok for me. My friends really enjoyed their pizza, but $17 for a small pizza.   It didn't do it for me. They did have good beer though and good service.Tasty food, good service. Sometimes there can be a long wait but it's worth it.I tried Serious Pie for the first time on my recent trip to Seattle to visit my daughter and OMG...can't wait for my  next trip out.  We must have hit it at the perfect time because we had no wait . We had the cherry bomb and sweet fennel sausage and it was fantastic!  The crust was perfectly thin and crispy without being overdone.  It had a really nice flavor to it.  It was the perfect pizza.  The cannoli was one of the best deserts I have ever eaten.  I can't even begin to do it justice by describing it.  Just get it!  It's great for sharing. I looove this place!This place is great! I've never had a bad experience here ever! The food is always good and consistent!The place is small so it can tend to get kinda crowded and packed but the pies are worth it! And the line of people waiting outside usually tells it all!Doesn't look like they need my stamp of approval - but they still got it. Some creative combinations with the pizza, like mussels on one, whole lemon wedges (thinly sliced) on another, and even some sauceless pizzas - but they make it all work. Also enjoyed the Schooner ale, i think it's called, and the ambiance&service was great too. Not a bad stop for 1st visit to SEAThe pizza is ridiculously good and not your standard pizza. I had one with an egg on top and it was awesome. I keep meaning to take my husband there but haven't gotten that far yet. But you can order it for pick up which is super nice if you want to have it but don't want to wait to eat there.Came on a Saturday night with a group of 7, had to wait a long time (as expected) - they don't take reservations. The benefit of having so many people was we got to try many pizzas - we ordered 6. The fiddlehead (a type of fern!) was the group's consensus on the best pizza. We all disliked the chantrelle mushroom w/truffle cheese the most.  The difference here is the crust! The crust is sooo good. After 6 pizzas and 2 pitchers of beer, the cost per person was $25, so it's definitely expensive for pizza.We had to wait about 20 mins on a Monday evening, but it was worth it. Great, unique and tasty pizzas. We tried the yukon gold, the penn clove clam and a special with a nice sausage and red sauce.  Thy were all tasty, light, and very fresh.  My fav was the yukon!  Seating is family style unless you are with a large party that takes up the entire table. Service was good but not memorable.It was very tasty but the price was pretty high for what it was.  Small location so you have to sit very close to others at the same table.  The appetizers were pretty small.Tyler Florance was right, the chanterelle mushroom, truffle cheese pizza was the the best pizza I ever ate.  Their penn cove calm, house pancetta, and lemon thyme pizza was pretty good too but be careful, it packs a spicy wallop.  The atmosphere is sultry yet casual and is perfect for a first or twenty-first date.  Mix in a couple glasses of wine or a pint of beer and your bill shouldn't be over $60.Best pizza I have ever had (and living in Chicago - I've had a lot!).  Great beer selection.  But the pizza - loved the chantrelle mushroom and the sausage.  So much flavor and perfectly cooked crust.Let me just say, I hate crowds!  I hate sitting close to strangers, and I hate waiting.  BUT, even though all of the above apply to Serious Pie, it is SO worth it.  I ate here three times on my 5-day vacation.  Yes, it's that good!  No, I have never frequented a restaurant that many times in such a short time span. The bread salad was worth moving to Seattle.  Come on, bread salad?  An oxymoron at its finest!  And ALL the pizzas I tried were amazing.  Just go.After a fiasco at an Italian place around the corner, we went straight to Serious Pie for dinner. It was the best pizza we've ever eaten. My husband had the lamb house special and I had the tomato, pesto, pine nuts pizza and a root beer. So so good, and very good service. Casual & friendly. Only drawback is the tiny seating, we ended up with people right next to us, literally touching shoulders because the place is so small. Hard to have a conversation because it's awkward with people that close listening. Lol!Good pizza, but for $18 a (smallish pie)? I will leave it for a special occasion or when I am (rarely) in Seattle. Also, not nearly as good as Ken's Artisan Pizza in Portland : )Lunch with the two kids. Loved the buffalo mozzarella pizza.  Very tasty. Great beer list (if small it is to the point). Nice pizza place.Service was good, ambience was fun, pizza was just okay. I'm not into the fancy pants crazy offerings they have, I'm more into Via Tribunali, or Tutta Bella. I might go back again with a group, but I wasn't crazy about the pizza.They have perfected the pie toppings, crust and the selection of beverages to complement.  This place is probably one of the best places for pie in Seattle if not anywhere.Five stars for the pizza.  The crust was amazing, the toppings were fresh and inventive, and the beer selection was solid.  It was also very affordable for a big group outing.  I can only give 4 stars though because they told us the wait would be one hour and 15 minutes and it was closer to 2 hours.  I would still wait that long for the pizza, but I would have preferred to have a more accurate wait time so I could have gone to a bar or happy hour and just come back when it was time to sit.Eh. That was pretty much my opinion of this restaurant. We went during happy hour to try the pizza and we were not impressed. For $10, I got a small, burnt-edged margherita pizza that wasn't all that special. Also, our waiter left a lot to be desired. He hardly ever came to check on us. He seemed much more interested in the group next to us that had a high bar tab. Don't waste your money here - Tom Douglas has some much better restaurants in the area.Pizza was great. A little crowded and I overate. Truly my own fault.Very nice server, really wonderful food - tasty, fresh, interesting twists on classic items. Nice atmosphere too - feels cozy and inviting.Amazing crust, crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside. Innovative toppings, although I usually just get the fennel sausage. I'm not a fan of the shared tables though.Had the soft egg pizza.  It tasted a little, well, soft.  It had kind of a blandly rich taste that I didn't really care for.  The egg seemed oddly unseasoned.  This was the only time I've eaten a pizza where I think it might benefit from more salt.The food is very nice here. Definitely a place I like to come back to from time to time.I had lunch at Serious Pie and it was AMAZING! The pizza was SO GOOD and service top-notch. I'll be going back every time I'm in Seattle.Still the best pizza around for me. It amazes me how they can make a crust so soft on the inside and yet so crispy of the outside. The bottom of the pizza is nice and dry and all the toppings are light and complimentary of one another. I ordered the egg pizza to go and had to stop half way to my car and eat a piece while it was super hot. I didn't care if strangers were staring at me while I wolf down the slice, it was so good. I'm heading back up to Seattle next week and that's the first place I will go when l land in Seattle. Thank you Serious Pie for satisfying my pizza fix.The pizza variety is good but I never understood why the lines are out the door.Just got back from visiting in Seattle, my bf's uncle had been wanting to try it out. I ordered the penn cove clams, house pancetta, chilies, lemon thyme pie. It was beyond incredible. Being from the Central Valley in CA, we don't get seafood too often, let alond, put it on our pizza. So it was definitely a treat.I also had a berry apricot spritzer. That too was very wonderful. I would love to come back and order them all.Overall, great pizza! I personally like the potato pizza (although it can be a bit too salty and oily at times) and they just took off the very tasty morel mushroom pizza. I've also had the margherita, which was really fantastic (though a bit too much on the oregano). I love the crisp, bubbly crust. The salads are great too. I will be back for more.This little place is so cute!!  Their pizzas are so light and flavorful.  We ordered a salad to share (the special of the day). I think it was watercress with pine nuts, blood oranges and freshly shaved parmesan cheese.  Absolutely delicious!  But the best part was the dessert, I am STILL dreaming of it.  My boyfriend and I do not share dessert well so we each requested our own order of the canoli. We were each served two canolis a piece and they were so divine.  They drizzled fresh made, real maple syrup on them.  This was not Log Cabin maple syrup.  There is a large window in the dining area looking into their bakery where you can see the bakers making fresh bread amongst other things.  This place is very quaint with amazing food.Yummy!! Just stopped in here for a late lunch and service was quick and friendly. It's a little hidden, but that's the nice part about it. If you really want to eat here, you'll look for it, so it's not a bustling tourist trap type place. Cozy and casual.Yummy! The crust is like butter and all of the ingredients are top notch. They have interesting toppings too! I do suggest getting one pizza for yourself if you are hungry but for a light meal you can share with a friend. Always busy so go before peak hours or their will be a line out the door.Very good pie and crust... mmm... can have another go again. We really enjoyed the cherry bomb and sausage pizza. However, I was a little disappointed with the truffle cheese and chanterelle mushroom pizza. Perhaps its an acquired taste I'm not quite used to yet. I enjoyed the appetizers very much. The pork belly and anchovy with beets apps were terrific! We used our Savor Seattle discount card and scored 10% off!The best pizza EVER. Try the Cherry Bomb!Ok, here's an update. The $5 happy hour pizza is a wonderful deal for the mouth and for the wallet. I usually can't stop with one order of the mushroom truffle though. Only problem is that the happy hour is just 4pm-5pm. Seen people sprinting in just before 5.The happy hour here is killer! You just can't go wrong with $5 pies! My husband and I shared two or three and felt like it was plenty. The toppings are so unique, the atmosphere is comfy and hip. The only negative is that the happy hour only lasts until 5, so don't wait until you're off work to go!I love the ambiance of this place. Their pies are amazing, the ingredients always very interesting ! Maybe a little too salty at times... Also prices could be a little better... Still I keep going back and going back ! ;) I am a fan !After hearing much about Tom Douglas' pizza joint, my fellow yelpers and I went for a late night taste test. We tried a delicious appetizer and sampled most of the pizza options. Instead of discussing Serious Pie in the traditional sense, I think it is more important to know that going in with an open mind is most important. The toppings go together so well and play off of one another in a harmonious way that only a true professional like Tom Douglas could do. Go with a group and order 4 different pizzas. The thin crust and fresh flavors as well as the group seating make for a fun and different dining experience. Highly recommended.My gf and I had anticipated coming here for awhile and expected great things. Not so. We were greeted promptly and told that the wait would be 25-30 minutes, so we decided to talk a walk downtown until our table was ready. 20 minutes later we got the call, showed up and sat for another good 30 minutes. Once we were seated they were nice enough to offer the happy hour menu after we had missed it by a few minutes because of the wait. Ordered 2 glasses of wine and yukon gold potato rosemary pecorino pizza, cherry bomb pepper sweet fennel sausage pizza, penn cove clams house pancetta lemon thyme pizza.My first thoughts were:1) wow this dough is super salty 2) this clam pizza is really fishy and not as great as ppl claim it to be3) I need more wineThe portions were reasonable for two ppl to share. Besides the long wait, the experience was ok. The staff was very accommodating since my gf brought her 2 yr old daughter but I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups or dates. It's small, cramped and you can't help but overhear conversations happening right next to you. It's annoying.My bf and I fought over the leftovers all the way home (to San Diego)!!This place has some seriously good pizza!!! We ordered the mozzarella and tomato for the girls, but also go the truffle cheese one and fennel sausage and pepper pizza as well. The crust was amazingly crunchy and soft on the mozzarella/tomato one and the fennel/pepper pizzas. You could taste they EVOO in it - yummmmerz! The crust was softer on the truffle one, which would have benefited from a sharper cheese. This place definitely wants to make me try the other Tom Douglas restaurants as well. Its kind of pricy, but again, high quality!Whatever!!! Plates were dirty. Pizza small & happy hour pizza is equal to one slice of a regular size pizza for $5. They burnt our pizza not once but twice! Our bills was high for what we got & my hubby was still hungry $33 later for tiny bread things called pizza! Me thinks not!!! (and an L to pie!)Wow. I can't say that I've ever really said that about a pizza, I mean, pizza is pizza, right? Well Serious Pie has some seriously mouthwatering selections, and my mind was actually blown. My two favorites being the guanciale (pig jowl), arugula, and egg pizza and the roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. The crust is tender but has just enough bite, and they must sprinkle a little sea salt on it because there's just enough to bring out the yeasty goodness of the dough. The guanciale is rich and salty and the farm fresh egg bursts with yolky goodness onto the rest of the pie, which is the best part.      You have to be a fan of truffles to appreciate the roasted mushroom and truffle cheese pie. Sometimes truffles can overpower the palate, but I found myself reaching for piece after piece because the flavor combination was so compelling and addictive!       My friends and I also ordered the cherry bomb pepper and sweet fennel sausage pie. If this were the only pie I ordered, I would have been perfectly satisfied, but in comparison to the other two pizzas, it just tasted strangely...normal. Except for bursts of fresh lemon-thyme and fennel, of course.    The miner's lettuce with spring onions and fava bean salad was particularly tasty. I love a place that knows how to dress their greens: not drowning it in dressing but using just enough to coax the various flavors of the ingredients to the surface. Bravo!Seriously the BEST pizza I have ever eaten!!!!  Waited an hour for a table but worth the wait!  Communal, family style tables which was awesome for meeting and talking to people about what they were eating.  We had the cheese pizza and the special.  A must go to in Seattle!Great pizza with a cool atmosphere. Seating is shared with strangers on raised tables and the small size of the restaurant makes for a cozy setting.  Dessert was delicious too (I had the panna cotta, yum!), but don't bother with the espresso (it was AWFUL). They cure all their own meats and use only the best ingredients. I would definitely go back!Great crust, awesome gormet toppings. It's pizza to satisfy the palate!Was here for happy hour last night-small pies for $5 each.  Great way to sample the variations and fun to share with friends.  We had the chanterelle mushroom/truffle cheese, the sweet fennel sausage and the Chef's current favorite, the pig cheek with arugula and a soft egg.  I liked all 3 but my favorite had to be the sweet fennel sausage, it has the bold flavors I love!.  They cure all their own sausages and meats, use local produce whenever possible, can the produce from the owner's farm, Prosser Farms, and have their own crust recipe that is unique and creates a delicious,chewy and airy crust that eats more like a fine bread. The staff is friendly and really view the customer as #1.This place is fantastic - the pizza is awesome - had a sausage pie and potato pie - both were great - pizza could have been a bit more crispy but overall the best pizza in Seattle that I have had. I am a NYker that loves pizza so I am a pretty tough judge of pie....Tom Douglas knows what he is doing with this place.Staff was friendly.  It is communal seating here.  Don't expect to come here and get a meat lovers or margarita pizza. Or get 2 medium's for 5 bucks. This is high end pizza fare.  I sat down with 2 other friends. We needed to order two pizzas. They are relatively thin crust but they were filling and tasty.  The sausage is gourmet and the clams are fresh.  I highly recommend this place. Interestingly, it was voted best pizza in Washington state in the USA today this year.This is the first time an establishment has successfully compelled me to write a review for them...so here goes: this is Seriously Awesome pizza; Well worth the 30-45 min wait. Tried two of their pies the Buffalo Mozzarella Margarita  and sweet fennel sausage & peppers both on lite artisan crust brushed with olive oil and sprinkled with a little bit of sea salt. Pure Awesomeness.It's a tight fit and you'll be eating with strangers at communal tables, but Serious Pie is the real deal.  Quite possibly the best pizza in Seattle.  The applewood smoked flat crust is to die for.  The perfectly mishapen dough is a springboard for Tom Douglas and company to rewrite the rules of topping pizzas.  None of the old pizzeria standards are here, yet are not missed.  The pies offered are distinctly Northwest using interesting combinations of high quality meats and fresh local produce.  It is a very satisfying and fun place to enjoy some real fine pizza pie.Chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza = to die for.  Kale appetizer was also a treat.  Good beer and wine,  On the pricey side, but worth it, and pizzas are big enough to share if enjoyed with an appetizer.Service was great. Of course there was an hour wait, but the host was nice to take our number and call when the table was ready. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. Loved the cotto app. Clam pizza was good, better with marinara on the side. I've had better potato pizza. The potato wasn't sliced thin enough so some of it was a bit al dente and just made the pizza too starchy. Should've had the mushroom pizza instead. Agreed it's a bit pricey...Came here for lunch since we saw this place on food network.  Quaint little place and, luckily, we had no wait. For a starter, we tried their salad of the day, which was a sausage salad with balsamic vinaigrette (it had green beans, pickled onions, copa de testa sausage). It was good.For pizza, we had the Chantrelle and white truffle pizza. It was good but not as flavorful as we expected. I would definitely come back here to try some of their other pizzas though.One menu item you cannot pass up: chanterelle and crimini mushroom, truffle cheese pizza. I feel a sense of heavenly bliss after each magnificent bite. The explosion of flavor is indescribable. I am originally from Chicago and it is EXTREMELY hard for me to give a review on a restaurant that is not deep dish pizza, but credit goes to you Serious Pie. The thin pizza allows you to really savor the flavors but yet when your finished, your not feeling like a total heffer when you walk out. I live in San Diego and come to Seattle to see family several times a year, I will not miss any trip to this establishment EVERY time i am in town. In case nobody has told you lately Tom Douglas, totally brilliant! I pray that you open a location here in SoCal. AHHHHMAZINGG.I read a lot of the reviews most were good to great so I thought I would give it a try. The pizza is awesome some of the best I have ever had. The only down side is $25  for a pizza and a beer is to much money. So Tom if you read these at that price it is the difference between coming back once more this year instead of once more this week. But looking at the crowd that was in there at 8:30 on a Tuesday I guess you don't need me to come back any time soon. If you are looking for a great pie this is your spot and it will be up to you how often you come back.We found this place on yelp and chose to go here since it was within walking distance to our hotel. The place is pretty small, but setup to be a trendy pizza bar with an open kitchen so you can watch them make your food. The menu was pretty small and bit more expensive than what I'm used to paying for the size of the pizza. But, I suppose they use premium ingredients since the taste was really good!We ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza and would go back again if we were in the area with a craving for pizza.Tried two pizzas during happy hour, one with pulled pork on it, the other with pepperoni and sausage. The pulled pork pizza was very mediocre, with a strange meat but sweet taste. It wasn't quite salty enough to get a good flavor, though. The pepperoni and sausage pie was fantastic on the other hand, I would definitely order it again.Great happy hour menuA great spin on pizza as only Tom Douglas could do it. The pizzas are varied and all good but you gotta try the yukon gold potato and rosemary, the fennel sausage and peppers and the mushroom and truffle cheese. Good seasonal salads and a great wine and beer selection. Communal tables make for good conversation and kid friendly. But the wait can be long so put your reservation in and head over to Lola or down to the Whiskey Bar for a beverage while you wait.This place has the best pizza outside of NYC.  The crust was done just right and the combination of toppings was great.  Their salad options were good also.I had just eaten pizza the night before so I was really reluctant to come here but it was not like any regular pizza I'd had before. Since they don't take reservations the wait is a little ridiculous but the food is that good. I'd wait again.We ordered the valley lettuce salad and the soft cooked duck egg pizza. The waitress told us that that was the best one and so we took the risk and we were well rewarded. The pizza was awesome and the greens on top perfectly complimented the  The couple next to us saw our pizza and asked what it was but they were a little put off by the duck egg ingredient. They ended up going safe and I think they didn't enjoy their meal as much as we did. Oh and the root beer was sooo good!Saw it on food network. Had to try it. Very gooood pizza, gourmet, slightly pricey but I think the price reflects the quality. Weird seating but is awesome for groups to all take up a table. Service is okay. Just all around a nice place with amazing pizza, it's literally art, culinary art. And you can't go wrong with local forged mushrooms.I visited this place with 3 others, and we tried all vegetarian pizzas, and I loved all of them. My (and in fact everyone in our group loved it) favorite was the 'roasted king trumpet mushrooms, truffle cheese'. The cheese makes all the difference. 'buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, fresh basil' is the closest to a traditional pizza. 'yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino' is simple, but you can still taste the different flavors on the pizza. In fact, that's the one thing that separates pizzas over here from other places - the taste is distinct, and you can tell the different flavors. I didn't try any desserts unfortunately. The place is not huge, and there's usually a long wait - we waited 45 mins on a Saturday evening. Service was fine - the waiter was not rude, but not extra-courteous either.LOVE THEIR PIZZAS! They are so good I crave for them.  My favorites are Penn Cove clams pizzas and mushrooms pizzas. I don't usually like to share table but the pizzas are so good it seems to be a small sacrifice.  We go to this place regularly and are pretty impressed with the consistency of their pizzas.  There were times when the line was way too long we ordered to-go.  The pizzas sill tasted good after reheat.  I highly recommend this place.Love the pie's great salads. Great toppings and sauces to create unusual and tasty pizza and salad.Its fine, not wonderful. The only pizza we really loved and found unique was the potato/rosemary one. Not good for kids.Best pizza I ever had,service nice low key but very accommodating .Was introduced to this place by Savor Seatlebest pizza in seattle, done and done.I'm not a fan of upscale restaurants serving what is usually blue-collar food, but Serious Pie has some truly outstanding pizza that is certainly worth coming here for.  My favorite is the Yukon gold potato.  The crust is perfect.  They have good beers on tap that go well with the pizzas.  Sometimes you have to wait a while to get a table, but it's always worth it.  The happy hour menu has reasonable prices.Delicious but quite expensive.Just over look the fact that this place is small and they want people to eat, and then leave to make room for more pizza lovers....This place is top notch, only to be rivaled by Delancey in Ballard.Cool atmosphere, excellent service, delicious thin crust pizza with an enormous amount of flavor and located in the heart of Downtown Seattle.  I would take away half a star because the server said the pie is a good serving for 1 to 2 people.  I think each person would need at least two pies -- I would be able to consume at least 3.  Yummy!!!!Love everything about it!!  Wood fired pizza with amazing toppings.Best pie in town. Hands downYesterday walking back to the hotel from Pike's Market, I decided to stop for lunch at Serious Pie. No lines, some empty communal tables and great service. Had the anchovy, beet green pizza and it was excellent. The thin crust is delicious and the cold draft beer matched the flavor perfectly. Since I am going to be here till next Friday ( Business trip) I will surely return. Tonight I will go to Etta's and the rest of the week to the other Douglass restaurants.Buffalo Moz (margarita pizza) is the best pizza ever. I always go here..numerous times whenever I'm in Seattle. To eat here is a must!I went during their happy hour. The pizzas come in small sample sizes for 5$ each. Having 2 was pretty sufficient. There pizza is different from your typical pizza. It's like a cross between a thin crust pizza and flat bread with toppings. The toppings are not generic and definitely high quality. I would recommend it and the environment is fun too.Best pizza ever! Fabulous Neapolitan style crust that's flavorful, crusty, and has a great chew.  There aren't enough of these in the world.Best pizza I had in Seattle. The cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage was the best. Very good crust and it tasted amazing.The only thing that they need to improve is the space, it gets really crowded at lunch time.Wow..thanks Yelp for this gem.  The downside is we had a 45 min wait on a wed evening @ 7:00pm..its small and crowded.  This also meant they were out of one of the pizza's I wanted to try..but man the pizza is fantastic and I would come back againHad the Miners salad and Mushroom and truffle cheese pizza. There are no words. Just eat it.This place is a small and cozy environment to put down some light and crisp "gourmet" pizza.  It is very good and the staff is friendly, however the price/value proposition is where this one gets to me.  Overall a very good experience, but I can't imagine coming here too often.  All of my out of town guests want to try this place, so that's really the only time when I go.For two of us, two pizzas, two bottled cokes, and tip the total came out to $50.  My favorite pizza of all time is still NY pizza! Serious Pie is good, but NY Pizza is the best!Had to wait 1.75 hours, but it was so worth it! The watermelon and ricotta salata was divine - salty, sweet, and tart all at the same time. And, I believe I will dream of the goodness that is their mushroom and truffled cheese pizza for many, many years. Truly the best and most unique pizza I've ever had!Was excited to try this place out - was not happy after doing so. Interesting and unique toppings, but too too greasy. And salty. Has potential, but the oil and dough has to go. For the price of a rather small pie, I'm serious-ly surprised people rave about this joint.I went here a year or so ago. If i remember right it was a little on the pricey side but welllll worth every penny! Great pizza and great service!Yummy, maybe the best pizza in town. Went there on Friday around 5:30 or 6pm, and it's raining. BF wanted to dine in, but it's packed, so we ordered for take out. We had the sweet fennel sausage and roasted pepper and it was perfect. The crust was delicious, usually always left it out and ate the meats, but I ate it all.The place was cute and nice. We didn't get the chance to dine in, but the servers were friendly, well at least the guy who took our order was.We had to wait 10 minutes to get our pizza ready, which was not bad for a busy evening. I wish they had more on their menu, cause I love meat and mushrooms together.i'm pretty serious when i say this is some good food.  ate here twice on two different trips for work.  great, great pizza, good wine, wonderful meal.super small place, but absolutely worth the wait.  and i don't say that about a lot of places.  this is truly somewhere everyone should dine at when they visit seattle!I can't believe I forgot to review this location before the new one opened.  We had been going all over town looking for pizza like the amazing ones we had in Italy.  Still haven't ventured to Delancey because of the wait.  At Serious Pie, when we bit into the Margherita we almost wept, as it transported us back to the Amalfi Coast.  That light, crispy, slightly charred, flavorful crust!  Simple, perfect  toppings. Pure heaven. I dream about it. The kale salad was good too.  It's just too hard to get in here!YUMMY!  The execution of the pizza was fabulous from the toppings to the crust! The appetizers were also great!  I don't live in Seattle, but wish that here was a Serious Pie in San Francisco!Great food.  I can't really refer to it as pizza... but it is really good fire baked toppings on bread.  A bit expensive, but the quality of ingredients is worth the money.  Friendly staff and always good.Fantastic wood fired pizza with some inspired recipes. You can play it safe and get your margherita or get adventurous and a cured pork cheek pie.Serious Pie is Seriously awesome!  We first found out about it at a food tour and it was fantastic!  My hubby  does not like  Mushrooms but the Chanterelles, Truffles and Cheese Pizza turned him around.  The crust is chewy and crisp and all the ingredients are fresh and blend well together.  It seems to be always crowded but worth the wait.Visited Serious Pie a couple of months ago and I was pleaseantly surprised. Their Yukon Gold pie is fantastic. The truffle chanterelle was promising, but I didn't love it as much as I expected to. The desserts were just ok. Service was good. Will be coming back for sure!Pizza is good, with unique toppings.  Fiddleheads pizza was good along with the fennel sausage pizza.  A bit overpriced, though.Yummy food! Though I don't like being forced to sit next to strangers at their semi-communal tables. Also, the wait can be horrendous on the weekends. Often be worth it though, the pizza is AWESOME. Definitely get the chanterelle mushroom one.Fantastic! This is a place to treat yourself to in Seattle. Some of the best pizza we've ever had.The menu is not extensive and the pizza choices are not pedestrian. Don't go looking for pepperoni, you won't find that here. But there are some "safe" choices for the less adventurous and it is all delicious. One pizza (about $17) is enough for three light eaters, two average appetites or one hungry person. They serve wine and beer, and bottled beverages including Mexican coca cola and Izzi.Serious Pie is seriously good!  Its a little pricey but worth it when you want something more than the marinara and mozzarella we're all used to (not that there's anything wrong with that!).  Everytime we go we get the Chantrelle pizza - soooo delicious!!  so light, great subtle flavor, just enough earthy, chantrelles and just enough amazing cheese to show off those amazing mushrooms!  the crust is more of a flat bread...woodfired, fresh, delicate flavor, not greasy or heavy or filling - just perfection on a plate.  I don't know of any other place in Seattle to get pizza like this.Great food, beautiful decor.I hyped myself up after reading the reviews, i ordered the chanterelle pizza and it was OK... loved the atmosphere and the customer service was great.  Pizza gets a 3 but service gets a 4.  Ill try another pizza sometime.Just "uptown" enough to make you recognize who's food you're eating (the brilliant Tom Douglas). Just accessible enough for me to regularly ask my wife "I know it's a pain, but would you please stop-in and get some Serious Pie on your way home from work." Just "downtown" enough to deter making the trip into the city to dine-in. Could be the master at work tho... if there was a strip-mall Serious Pie just down the street I would likely weigh 50 extra-pounds and think that all pizza could taste like this.We were visiting Seattle and were looking for something different.  This is it!!  Pizza with roasted chantrelle mushrooms was earthy and really delicious. Crust had a great chew. Salads were perfectly seasoned with bright flavors. The heirloom cucumber salad is a must try! I wish they were in Portland.Love this place!  The food is so good and uses unique combined flavors. Atmosphere is fun with nice dim lighting.  Beet salad is awesome, pizzas are creative and just the right size. Service is quick and very friendly. Always a wait - no reservations taken.  We put our name in, get a cocktail next door and they call cell when table is ready - works out perfect. Little pricey.Arrived 6pm on a Saturday night, only waited 25 min for a table for 3. Descent waiting area for up to 7 people to sit, after that you'll have to stand. Smells great, warm atmosphere, friendly staff. When seated we were at a table for 8 next to another party of 4 which I DIDN"T MIND :D. However, I know some may disagree. My opinion is we were seated and beer in hand faster than to wait for a semi-occupied table to finish eating. 1 pizza, an app, and a beer each came in under $50! Pizza was delicious, light, yet filling. Beer selection was a wide variety of less common beers which I appreciated. Also, I always like to see what the bathrooms are like and theirs was clean and stylish. I would recommend Serious Pie to anyone!Best thin crust pizza I've ever had in my life! Kind of pricey, but hey it's gourmet pizza. The atmosphere is very dark, warm, hip, casual, and cozy. When you walk in you can see the chefs throwing the dough around and putting pizzas in the oven, giving the place an authentic feel. We (family friends and I) ordered buffalo mozzarella, red sauce, & fresh basil pizza; their roasted chanterelle truffle cheese pizza; and sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, provolone pizza. My favorite was the most simple one--the mozzarella, basil and red sauce. Wish I lived in Seattle so I can go back again!Seriously the best pizza I have ever had. Its pretty pricey for being pizza and not a huge amount, but it was worth every penny! And the cannoli's are to die for!You get what you pay for - best pizza EVER!OMG, this was a surprise.  Phenomenal crust - light and flaky with crispy edges.  We had the penn cove clam, house made pancetta and lemon thyme pizza.  All the ingredients balanced each other.  Unlike a lot of places which confuse strength of flavor with character (and so overdose on garlic, or sauce, or cheese....), this pie stuck a good balance.  Even compared to the mecca of Manhattan, this place rules!  Dessert was the pear and almond tart with sweet thyme cream - fresh ingredients and excellent consistency to the tart.One other pump is the staff at this place.  We walked in about 10 pm and everyone from the reception area to our staff were friendly and attentive.  This exceptional combination of quality food and service merits the highest accolade of 5 stars.Nice upscale pizza joint. Good crust and inventive use of herbs (my pizza had lavender on it). Happy hour is a deal, and you can try multiple mini-pizzas.The beat pizza I've ever had period.One of my favorite pizza places ever...and I don't say that lightly. I make sure I stop here anytime I'm in Seattle! I love everything about this place--from the ambiance of the place (great in both of their locations!) to the amazing pizza smells when you walk in to the great pizza options. Their crust is the perfect balance of chewy and still thin...I'm guessing it has a lot of butter or oil in it to make it so delicious! Most recently I got the pea pesto pizza, their special of the day, and oohed and aahed over every piece. I even went home and tried to recreate it! Haven't had a bad pizza there!They are a little more expensive than your typical pizza place, but worth it in my opinion!Best pizza in Seattle... hands down!Pretty good. Unique pies a bit expensiveBest pizza!  Unbelievable combinations of pizza, real friendly. Get there early because its going to be a wait. Definitely worth it, if you are in downtown Seattle you must stop here!Not very easy to find great pizza places in Seattle.  This is not your typical pizzeria and it's more like a casual restaurant.  I usually go here for lunch and order a personal size pizza and eat the whole thing.  I like that their pizza is thin crusted and they don't try to put too many toppings on it.  Often times, putting too many toppings on the pie is what ruins the pizza.  I don't like their community seating with high bar stools but everything else is good.Phenomenal pizzas, great and knowledgeable staff and an overall wonderful experience. Tip to newcomers: They do not take reservations and the place is small. Factor in a long wait time for your visit (if you visit during busy dinner or lunch hours) Very much worth the wait. They take your number and will call you.This pizza is different and delicious. It shouldn't even be called pizza because the experience is so different.Been there multiple times, always had great food and consistently fine service. Wonderful ambiance!if I could rub the pie on my chest and lick it off myself I would..just saying... I had to deduct 1 star just because the shapes of it aren't perfectly geometic and that threw me for a loop for a second until I tasted its carby goodness...and then I was lost in taste...I get that I'm *supposed* to love this place, but I just don't.I came w/a friend for lunch in the middle of a conference on a Friday afternoon.  I hadn't closely read reviews, just knew this was a Tom Douglas "can't miss" in Seattle, so I was unprepared for the family style shared seating.   Just not my thing.  Thankfully, we saw another conference attendee and joined her so at least we were co-mingling w/someone we kind of knew.  The pizzas are a weird size....too big for one, yet not quite big enough for two, and are quite expensive at $16.  We each ordered a pie (the Yukon potato pie, the truffle pie, and the Bing cherry arugula pie) and decided to share.  Pies came quickly enough, but, not only is it shared seating, but there is NO ROOM for the huge pizzas, making the sitting w/strangers even more uncomfortable/intimate.  If this wasn't a "Tom Douglas" restaurant, people would not dig it...The pizzas were ok, but just ok.  I've had better, I've had worse.  Of the three we ordered, the Yukon potato was the best.  Would I go here again?  Nope, way better options in Seattle...verry good pizzaLove Serious Pie!  Awesome tastes and great service!I thought this place looked interesting and decided to give it a shot. I ordered a pizza with a friend topped with duck eggs, coppa, freshly grated Parmesan, and wilted greens; it sounded delicious to me. It was simply okay. The outside of the crust was inexplicably burnt. I understand the aesthetic appeal of this (it looked very "rustic" and homemade), but I despise it when restaurants sacrifice taste for aesthetics in their cooking. The rest of the pizza was fine, but nothing particularly great. I'd take Kylie's in Fremont over this any day.Ate here twice on recent visit to Seattle. Loved every aspect of Serious Pie - the food, the ambiance, communal tables - perfect. The pies are super fresh and hot. We had the mushroom/truffle cheese and the Fennel sausage. OMG - want this now. Also had the melon salad and the full lettuce salad (first one on the menu). Also fresh and wonderful. I love this place...Thank you Tom Douglas for putting it all together in the best way at Serious PieI went here on a recent visit to Seattle, and it was hands-down the best pizza I've ever had.  The crust was thin and crispy and somehow also flaky and airy.  We arrived, by chance, during happy hour, and were able to try three half-sized pies, all excellent.  I've had pizza I used to really like since then and now I only feel disappointment.This really is as good as it gets.  I've eaten lots of pizza in my life and this is far and away the best I've ever had.  While it's a bit expensive, and paying $20 for a medium-sized pizza might seem ridiculous, Serious Pie will teach you that some pizzas are worth paying that amount of money for, changing your worldview to one that can accept a $20 pizza.  Isn't a meal that changes the way you see the world a meal worth having?I thoroughly enjoyed Serious Pie.  Had the Toasted polenta With morel mushrooms and red sauce for starter, and thought it was delicious.  Then had the roasted king trumpet mushroom pizza with truffle cheese but got to sample the fennel sausage pizza that my friend had.  Loved the favors of both.  Different, not your ordinary boring pizza, and the crust was just divine!  Contrary to other reviews, my experience was sans burnt tastes.  I would go back again if I were going to be I town longer!  No regrets whatsoever about the decision to go there!Excellent Pizza.  Great, laid back environment in a trendy neighborhood.it's just pizza, so i tried to temper my critical nature just a bit for this one. even so, this was the best i could do...as far as pizzas go, serious pie is decent gourmet pizza. my friends and i got three kinds, and i will rate them separately: 1) yukon gold potato, rosemary, olive oil   - bland and too much oil. bad choice.2) cherry bomb peppers, sweet fennel sausage   - a little bit salty and also oily, but overall, pretty good3) roasted chanterelles, truffle cheese.   - in a word, spectacular! i have added to the list of things that "make everything taste better." first there was bacon, then there was truffle oil. this pizza was not just different from anything that i had had before, but it was actually a GOOD different. if you go here, get this!i only gave it three stars because i just didn't think the quality was there across the board. the crust tended to be on the burnt side and most pizzas were dripping with oil (which can only be a good thing if it is truffle oil). also, the wait to eat there can get REALLY long, and by the time we finally had a table, my patience had worn a bit thin and expectations run a little high. when  you do finally get a table and place your order, the pizzas come out in literally no time. but honestly, there are few places i can think of that a 90 minute wait is worth it... this place is not one of them.The best gourmet thin crust pizza in Seattle.We enjoy the fennel & cheese and the mushroom & cheese pies.Thin Pizza!I LOVE SERIOUS PIE!! Holy sh*t this place is good! If you want to know what pizza in Italy is like but cant afford the trip, go here. This place is just the bees knees. Food, service and atmosphere are all top notch!Weird food, more dough than toppings, but I love it just the same.  I always think I'll go away hungry, but what they serve is just enough, and the flavor combinations are exhilaratingly complex.I love the Pizza here, but the seating is kind of lame...a bit squished for two at the larger tables...very difficult to talk privately.  Wish there were more small tables.Amazing pizza! The wild board sausage pizza was awesome. You'll probably have to wait a little while to get in because it's small and popular.  That said...it's well worth the wait.2 words: happy hour. The happy hours are 3-5pm M-F, and it's 5 dollars for a half-pie, as well as 3 bucks for a beer. What we were expecting was a $50 lunch and it ended up with us being stuffed and spending half that after tip, even.THe nice thing about half pies is that you can try more of the different pizzas. I liked the chantrelle/truffle oil one, wish I could have tried the clam/arugula, but they were out. The salumi was ok, as was the cherry bomb tomato one. I suspect they may skimp on the toppings for happy hour half-pies, but I don't know that for sure.I'll definitely be back for happy hour - worth the 20 min wait for sure.OMG. So yummy. I loved this place. I loved almost everything about it, except the wait (for three people it was 30 minutes plus) and we weren't offered drinks (and the people waiting next to us were). Despite that seriously yummy. My brother and sister in law split the mushroom pizza, I had the potato. Tyler Florence was right. So good. The awesome potato pizza was so simple yet so amazingly yummy. I had their hot herbal tea, which was good except I wasn't offered sweetener. Still it was amazing.I've always been sad that Seattle has a shortage of good pizza places, despite how many of them there are -- until I tried Serious Pie.  It's a tiny, busy place, but if you can get lucky enough to get a seat, it's an experience well worth trying.  It tends to be what my girlfriend calls "frou-frou" pizza, with nontraditional toppings, so be ready to try something different.  (For example, our appetizer was melon wrapped in prosciutto -- yum!)The crust is wood-fired deliciousness, the toppings are fresh an interesting, and the prices are reasonable for a meal in downtown Seattle.  Check it out!Hands down this is the best pizza in Seattle. I have been going here since they open and it is still the best. They have the best crust in Seattle. They spent months working on the crust and it shows. They have best oven to make pies and it shows on your plate. I have tried the others and they don't compare. I don't like when a crust will bend and the toppings fall off at other local "gourmet" pizza places.My favorite pizza is the mushroom and truffle cheese. The salads are always changing with the seasons and usually are great. You will usually have to wait for a table but put you name on the list and go have a drink at a Lola's bar. They will call you when your table is ready. They only downside is the seating when you share a table with loud people. Try and ask for a table in the back. It's a small place and not good for groups.Ok so while the pizza is delicious.....they have an Italian Wedding Soup that is literally to die for!!  While my husband and daughter truly enjoyed their pizzas I had the soup and I must say that if I lived in or near Seattle I would have to stop in at least once a week and buy a quart of this soup!  The broth is fantastic with hints of fennel and then loads of kale, white beans, bread chunks (of course) and just the right amount of parmesan cheese. Yum!The pizza here is amazing.  I pretty much expected the pizza here to be the "high end, thin crust pie" instead of normal pizza haha..but I was surprised by the flavors, even though the toppings were so simple.   Me and a friend both shared a pizza, but it definitely felt like 1 was not enough.  I do agree the pies here are on the pricey end of the scale, but the atmosphere does make up for it.  Also, the deserts here was also amazing, which I find to be rare at places which only specialize in pizzas, so great job!It seems like a small, cramped space when you firstal walk in, and it is. But the food more than makes up for it. Try the pizza with potatoe slices on it. It sounds wierd, and I'll admit I was pretty skeptical, but it was AMAZING!Seriously awesome. Cell phone waiting allowed us to look around during our wait. Community tables worked surprisingly well (they've obviously done this for awhile).  Za is thin crusted and juicy. Toppings were well matched. The house Chianti was very good and all of the desserts passed muster (we tried them all).  Kids (10 & 12) were welcome among young crowd.Was great. Now they are throwing fistfulls of rock salt on everything, including the salads. Weird.First I understood that the place is small and the wait was going to be long. But my major complaint was that they gave a time estimate that was off by about 45 minutes! They quoted around an hour and it was MUCH closer to 2 hours. I just felt that they should have a better understanding of their restaurant.That said, once we sat the service was great and I felt like the server was helpful. We both really enjoyed our food. The potato rosemary pizza was really great as was the sausage that my husband had. It was a little pricey but we had leftovers. Also the cannoli was great!If you have lots of time to spare, I'd check it out.This place had a 45 minute wait on a Friday at 430 so that should give you an idea of how popular it is.  The restaurant has amazing pizza for sure.  Try the fennel sausage---it's fairly mind-blowing.  I also sampled a house-made Italian soda which was topped with a vanilla bean ice---wow. I'd give it 5 stars, but the cannoli fell flat for me.  Otherwise an amazing meal and great service.Great pizza. The wait was a little longer than I would prefer, but well worth it. Not a place to go if you're looking for the traditional pepperoni pizza though. Desserts were OK. The dining area was compact and two women was placed at the end of our table. Would definitely go back.I guess it's cool to dislike serious pie because it's Tom Douglas and what not, but holy crap - I love this pizza. I get plain. That's what I do. I've worked at tons of Pizza restaurants, and I know how you can hide bad crust or lax sauce under complex toppings, so whenever I go to a new pizza place, I get plain cheese - you just can't hide. Well, this was just about the best cheese pizza I've ever had. Ever. The crust was not what I expected, and in fact when it was brought to the table I was disappointed: I don't typically like un-round pizza with a lot of bubbles and char marks, but once I tasted it, I understood. It was amazing. The sauce was outstanding, as expected, and the cheese was clearly fresh and melty.I am not a huge fan of the tables (european seating), but the service was excellent, and the prices were right.The wait was 60 minutes, but we gave them our cell number and got a drink up the street, so it worked out great.Go.Why are you still reading this? if you want some really great, unique, pizza, go there now.Had the wild boar sausage pie and it was very good.  Thin light crust is more like a flat bread than traditional pie.  Salad was great.  The 3 star rating is probably a little light and has nothing to do with the food, service or atmosphere which were all in the 4 1/2 - 5 star range.  I just don't like waiting on the outside sidewalk for 45 minutes for a table to eat pizza.  Secondly, pizza, salads and soft drinks for 3 + tip was $110 which I thought was on the high side.Best Pizza I had ever. The crust is thin and non greasy.They have a variety of interesting toppings. I liked the thinly sliced potatoes.I went there 2 nights in a row.Flippin' deeeelicious pizza! Had two pizzas: sweet fennel sausage w/ roasted peppers, and the chanterelle mushroom w/ truffle cheese...they were so good I wished I had ordered a third one! If this is how good all the Tom Douglas restaurants are, I'm gonna have to hit 'em all up before I leave the area.The pizza w as tasty but expensive. Also, they have lots of great smelling breads that aren't available for order! :-/Came here on a Wednesday night at 7:30. The three of us had to wait 45 min for our 'table'. Our table is shared with two other groups. So the atmosphere is cozy since the place is so small. It can be a great way to meet new people. It's easy to be talking with your friends and end up talking to the stranger sitting next to you. Even after getting the table and ordering, food took 20 min. Throughout this time, the service was very good and helpful. Pizza turned out to be fantastic. Yes, I was very hungry by then, but the pizza was delicious. Crust was soft and thin. Loved the mix of exotic toppings. It's a bit pricey for a pizza but it's worth it. Would come here again.I absolutely love the chanterelle mushrooms, truffle cheese pizza!Serious Pie...indeed!   The simplicity of the pizza served here is what makes it phenomenal.  This pizza is not over sauced and over cheesed.  The crust is the star, baked to perfection and it has flavor!  So many pizzas are made with a  bland crust, which is shameful really, but not at Serious Pie.  Equally important is the crust's supporting cast, which are the simple, fresh and oh so delicious toppings.  I have been there on a few occasions and have had the buffalo mozzarella, the sweet fennel sausage and peppers, and the chantrelle mushroom truffle cheese pizzas.  All were divine.  I have had fairly good luck in terms of wait times each time I have been at serious pie.  3 out of the 4 times I didn't have to wait, but on the 4th visit the wait was 1.5 hours, a bit too long for me.Solid but not spectacular based on only one visit.  We had potato pizza and beet salad.I was just visiting Seattle this last weekend and ended up eating at Serious Pie twice!  It came with a very high recommendation from a friend so we thought we'd try it out.  Stopped by on a Saturday night around 7:45pm and was told the wait was about 45 mins.  Not too bad for a Saturday night so I gave my cell # to the hostess and went and had a cocktail at Dahlia Lounge while I waited.  Once we sat we couldn't decide what to order so asked for a recommendation from the server... She asked if we liked the taste of truffle to which we answered "who doesn't?!" so she suggested the mushroom pizza.  A staff member at the hotel we were staying at suggested we get the clam pizza so we tried that one as well.  The clam was not my fave, it was a little too oceany tasting for me but the bf loved it.  The mushroom pizza with the truffle cheese... OMG!!! I think I can say it's the best pizza I've ever had.  So truffley tasting with the right amount of saltiness... it was heaven.  I could have eaten the whole thing by myself!  The crust was incredible...just the right amount of crispiness and chewiness.Since it was so delish, we decided to go back on Monday before catching our 7pm flight home.  We showed up at about 3:30 to find out that it was happy hour.  $5 for mini versions of any pizza on the menu!!  We got 3 pizzas and 2 beers for less than $25... can't beat that!!  Next time I'm in Seattle I will absolutely be back and in the mean time I'll be dreaming of that mushroom pizza.So, I kept hearing about Serious Pie and how good the pizza was. Hmm..... if only I hadn't been to Delancey, I may have sung from the same hymn sheet. As it was though,  the pizza was just ok.But, first the appetizer - the kale salad was really good. No, really really really good! Perhaps it set the bar too high for the pizza that followed?We got the pizza with clams and the special with veal. Disappointing is the only word for it  - the clam overpowered everything else and the veal lumps (yes, that's what they were) could have been better seasoned. The crust was a little overdone for my taste and just a tad thicker than I like it.Still, the dessert made up for some of the disappointment. We had the chocolate budino with cookies. Mmm.... chocolate and sea salt just go together so well. Highly recommended!So, why the 3 stars - well, I didn't really go here for the salad or dessert, did I?Now, if someone could combine the salad and desert here with the pizza from Delancey, that would probably rate a 5 in my book!Long wait...  But they called our cell when our table was ready!  Had to sit with other people at our table.... Grrr.  And a wait for the little bathroom.   We ordered a couple different pizzas... The one with the sausage was heaven. (enough to give in 5 stars)   Great food....cold drinks....  Happy us!  We will return often!  YumDelicious! Really liked the lemon and olive!4 stars becuase it deserves it!  After a night of being sick to my stomach because of some bad seafood I had - or maybe too many cocktails - food was the last thing I had on my mind.  But some things are simply irresistable, and Serious Pie was that indeed!On our last day in Seattle, my boyfriend picked up a Pie and some soup for us before we bid the beautiful city adieu.  It was on his list of many things to do in Seattle.  And boy do I love having a foodie boyfriend because it was delicious!!  I started out light with the soup  - which was soooo goood - and once my appetite was ignited I dove into the pizza. Although San Diego has numerous competent pizzerias, Serious Pie can definitely compete!  Their flaky but chewy crust topped with  fresh ingredients and good cheese made for a very a perfect pizza/pie!  Comparable to Blue Ribbon (my favorite pizza spot in SD County) Thank you Serious Pie for saving a sick girl's life and making Seattle such a great city! :)The service was awesome! The ambience was comfortable. The food was phenomenal! The Tuscan kale is one of the yummiest dishes I have ever tasted. The pizza was excellent! Wish I had some right now!!!This is about as good as pizza can get as far as I'm concerned.  I highly recommend the sweet fennel sausage pizza.  Everything about this pizza is phenomenal.  Most, if not all of the ingredients are made in house.  They even make the sausage!  The whole thing is baked in a brick oven until the edges of the crust have small black blisters all over it.  Not very often with pizza do I find a perfect harmony of crust, sauce and toppings, but Serious Pie nails all three.I like coming here for happy hour for their $5 mini pies, otherwise its too pricey for me. The only downside is that the place is teenytiny, so it can get crowded fast and the wait can be long. I love the guanciale, soft egg, arugula pizza, since it has soft cooked eggs in the pizza! Put a runny yolk on anything, and I'll immediately love it!Serious Pie = SERIOUSLY AMAZING!!! We ordered the sweet fennel sausage, truffle cheese, and peppers. This is by far my new favorite pizza :D I don't usually like peppers on my pizza but I LOVED this pizza! I was kind of bummed we only ordered one! We had ice water to drink and the staff was continually making the rounds and filling our glasses. The crust was very thin which we both loved but my husband didn't feel there was enough sauce. He also felt that for $17 or $18 we should have gotten more pizza. I am definitely going to make it a point to visit this place again when we're in Seattle next month!!Deliciously crafted rustic pizzas. Every choice is a unique experience of well balanced flavors. I love the penn cove clam pizza and cherry bomb. Not the cheapest pizza in town, but I would go back anytime.Delicious.  Seriously awesome.  Highly recommended.  Wait was about an hour so we headed next door to Dahlia for a cocktail.  We came back to Serious Pie and waited 10 minutes then sat down.  It's communal seating, so if you come with just 2 people, you'll end up making new friends.  Had the chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza that was divine.  The micro brew beer was yum too.  I'm coming back here next time I go to Seattle.Meh. The pie is dry. Too restrained. Not luscious. Adequate if you fold it and think of it as a sandwich. We have tried four varieties in two locations. No real winners.i never heard of tom douglas before coming to seattle, but i know he's big cheese here and i can respect anyone who can take down morimoto on iron chef so maybe i set the bar too high.i got my truffle cheese and morel mushroom to go -- didn't feel like waiting in line and i just ate as i walked up pike.  honestly, as with most thin crust pizzas, you need to eat it there.  all the steaming in the box just doesn't do it justice.  and then, you might have a random person come up to you and ask you for a slice of your $18-not-very-big pizza like me and then you're out like $3 all of a sudden.but i digress.  the lady who helped was super nice and told me about the oven they had -- a wood-fired, stone inlaid behemoth that would make grown men tremble.  it did take like 20 minutes, which i can't understand since there wasn't that much of a line and a thin crust pizza takes like 4 minutes to cook in an oven that hot.as for the pizza itself, it was okay, but it wasn't exactly transcendent.  the crust is more chewy and pastry-ish than it is crispy, and it was awfully earthy tasting.  it was trufflish but tasted too much like forest, if you ask me.  of all the thin-crusts i've had, i would still tip my hat to pizzeria picco in larkspur, ca or lombardi's in nyc.  serious pie is good, but not 18 bucks good.i enjoyed the pizza here. Happy hour is a great dealHubby and I indulged in the fennel sausage pizza...which totally lived up to expectations. The crust was baked to perfection, nice and light. Ingredients were fresh and tasty. A five star pie. Dessert (cannoli) was a bit of a disappointment...the taste was just a bit off. Hence, 4 instead of 5 stars. But otherwise a great experience!Service was very good, came for Happy Hour. Pizza wasn't really anything to write home about...crust was so burnt on one of the pizzas it was nearly inedible. Cute atmosphere. If you're wanting to try pizza beyond the standard pepperoni and cheese, go for it. But know that it is a little pricey for what you get.One step away from having to change their name to "Pretentious Pie". I mean, it's pizza, don't take it so seriously. Gourmet pies only. Nothing mainstream here. Both the pies I had were very delicious. The portions... could be larger. but it is enough to fill you up. You won't feel like a glutton if you finish an entire pie to yourself. There is no parking that I noticed. Luckily we were on foot and had walked over from pike place. i enjoyed my pie here, but I think if they lightened up a bit it might help them. Also, I found it funny that they were using a stainless steel stirrer to pull the pies out of the oven. They even dropped one while I was there. Maybe they lost the proper tool? Every wood-fired oven pizza place I have been to uses a wide flat wooden tool that is wider than the pizza. just sayin'.You cannot quite pin point what style of pizza they serve, but if they are so darn delicious who cares right?  Personally I think this is Mr.Douglas's best creation in Seattle.  All the pies are totally original and they are all such pleasant surprises.  If you must pick something I suggest the chanterelle, or the pie with clams.Oh how I miss this place (it was always worth the wait in my opinion)!  The pizzas are indeed serious - never ordered one I didn't love - and I always agonized over which one of my "favorites" to order!  Yummy food (don't forget the to-die-for kale salad) coupled with solid wine choices and a cozy interior (yeah, you might have to share a table with strangers, but that was never a big deal to us) made this place a staple in our Seattle restaurant repertoire!I probably don't have much to add about Serious Pie that others haven't already said, but figured I should give them a rating anyway.  I've there three times and left happy all three. The first time I got the fennel sausage pizza and I left thinking it was the best I had ever had.  The next time I got the potato pizza, which was a little dry, but still pretty good.  The cool part about that visit was that we mentioned the dry pizza to the server so she brought us some olive oil (which helped) then gave us the pizza for free without us even asking.  I wasn't trying to get a free pizza but I really appreciated her doing that.  The last time I went I got a pork and squash pizza which had an great sweat/savory combo going and I again left thinking it was the best I'd ever had.So...great pizza.  Good staff.  Cool vibe.  The only slight downside is that you do have to wait usually, but I take care of that by putting my name and cell down, then heading down the street for a drink while I wait for them to call.I've been to Serious Pie twice for happy hour and once for a full-price meal. Waaay worth it either way. I prefer the happy hour because the mini-pies give you the perfect excuse to try them all! Very very tasty. The potato is a fabulous starter, especially because it is so light. The clam is my absolute favorite, it's salty and zesty and has this amazing kick that is so addictive. I get the clam every time I eat here. Seating can be communal or private. I've had both experiences. The coziness is perfect for a private conversation, but the long communal tables are really fun. You never know who you're eating with, whether it be a hot teacher from out of town or the uncle of your elementary-school classmate. Great memories are to be had at Serious Pie. It's definitely a keeper.Good artisan pizza. Small and cozy atmosphere. The pizza can be a little expensive but this is common for SLU.Serious Yum!  The place is pretty small, and you might end up having to share tables with other people.  Try the mushroom pizza, hands down one of the best pizzas around.  Gotta try their root beer and apple salad.went here to have a light-ish lunch that would allow us to satisfy lunch but not "ruin" our bellies for enjoying more Seattle food throughout the day...and Serious Pie was perfect!! We ordered a light salad to start...perfect for the two of us to start and had delish vinaigrette (however you spell that) and then shared the most classic of all pizzas:  tomato, basil and fresh mozz..  It was perfectly balanced with light toppings and lightly salty fresh crust, and our server dude was awesome.  Thanks, Tom Douglas.Great artisan pizza place with a cozy, intimate, pub-style dining room. We ordered the basic cheese and fresh basil pizza. The crust was thin and crispy, the mozzarella and sauce were excellent.  It was plenty for two people. The service was prompt and friendly. The prices were fair. Great place for a date and conversation.Great crust! We ordered two pies and shared. Community seating was a little tight, but we were glad to get right in (@ 8:30pm on a Monday?). The margarita pizza had a sweet tomato sauce and fresh buffalo mozzarella with perfect ratios of basil.  The special pie of the evening had pancetta, feta, roasted tomatoes, and parsley. Both were perfectly cooked and were enjoyed! The loacl beer is available on draft. The red ale had a great flavor. After this trip, and two successful meals at two restaurants, I would strongly recommended anything by Tom Douglas.Dinner for two (H2O & a beer): $52Really good pizza in a nice downtown setting. Good and friendly service.hands down, the best potato pizza I ever had. I saw this place on tv while watching food network and fell in love with it. They had happy hour special when we were there and that was lots of fun because we got to try out all kind of goodies. Give this place a try!I had THE BEST pizza experience here and I keep referring to it time and time again. It was part of a food tour I took with a larger group and we had the yukon gold potato pizza and a sample of the sausage/fennel one. We went back later before we left because we HAD to have it again. We tried the mushroom/truffle one and the yukon gold one, and split a salad. Was so good. I had it with a glass of pinot grigio. The crust is so flaky and tastes so good on its own. The atmosphere is busy all the time, but I really enjoyed my weekend lunch. I'm glad they don't take reservations so it's up to you to be there to wait. Seating is very intimate so you end up close to your neighbors or at the same table. So happy we had an opportunity to try Serious Pie, I always recommend to people who come to Seattle.Very good! A little pricey but worth it! If you can make HH, even better!Even before greeting us our unenthused server advised us that the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza was sold out.  After telling the server our order, her already not-overly-friendly attitude got worse. She seemed irked that we were ordering from the happy hour menu (during happy hour-the audacity!) Thank goodness the pizza was delicious, sort of making up for the poor service we received.  I may go here again because the pizza was so good; I just won't expect service with a smile...or a hello, or much courtesy at all.Honestly, I think you're paying for the Tom Douglas name and not for the pizza -- you can get better pizza at Tutta Bella or Pagliacci (assuming you're getting pizza made-to-order and not buying slices that have been sitting out for a while for the latter).Great food and atmosphere.  We found this restaurant by using Yelp and it was as good as everyone says.  We got there at about 12N on a Friday.  It was busy but we were seated right away.  We shared a table with another group.  Seems they seat people to optimize time/space but it works well.  Great food :)great view, but a bit crowdedGood pizza but not amazing. Kind of expensive for pizza.The smell gets you before you walk in the door.  A very tasty lunch spot in Belltown that has some of the best pizza dough on the planet.  A funky vibe and laid back decor, Serious Pie serves some seriously good pies.  It is thin like a neapolitan, but there is more to the crust.  It is a buttery sweet deliciousness that accentuates the flavor of whatever toppings you decided on.  We went with a mushroom and a sausage - both fantastic - the sausage had some bite but the mushroom held its own too. Add to that an amazing charcuterie plate as an app and our group of 4 was full.  A great local beer selection puts this place as a must try if you are in the area.Wonderful buffalo mozzarella, basil and tomato pizza. Perfectly cooked thin crust. Excellent seasoning as well. On a busy night, take out turned out to be the perfect choice.came here with Keziah. o-kay crepe but asparagus dishes are da bombWe had tried Serious Pie back before their restaurants had even opened, when they were just serving and testing pizzas at food festivals like the Bite. They blew me away then and I had been dying to try them again. I stopped in for HH on a Tuesday afternoon and had no wait getting seated at one of the communal tables since I was alone. I had a hard time deciding between the truffle mushroom pizza and the clam with pancetta (HH sized at $6 apiece), and my server suggested I get both. I did, and I was so thankful he said that, because they were both so delicious I would have been sad not trying each one. I ate half of one and half of the other, and then had the leftovers for breakfast the next morning. The wee tender clams, crunchy bites of pancetta and lemony herbs made that pie really good and unusual. The truffle pie was rich, savory, cheesy and just kind of luxurious! I enjoyed the HH beer selection which offered a couple of pilsners and an IPA for $4 and glasses of wine for $5. Best of all, I appreciated how I was treated as a lone diner, which sometimes can be awkward especially at a place with communal tables. But my server was really sweet and made awesome suggestions. He was all around awesome and I had a blast on my little solitary HH here with my perfect view of both the kitchen and the pizza oven! The spearmint water they have up front is delicious as well.Tasty, even if it was expectedly overpriced.innovative and interesting pizza - definitely a fun place.Atmosphere was casual, but hip.  The food was very tasty and unique.I don't care for pizza but this place is amazing! Love the thin crust and the fresh toppings. It was packed for a Tuesday night, so we ordered the pizza to go. It was a 20 minute wait, which we walked around the other Tom douglas restaurants. It was worth the wait! It is one of the best pizzas I have tried! I can't wait to go back to try the other pizzas!The name says it all!My friend and I flew all the way from California to Seattle just to eat. No serious. I"m not joking.  We flew out here to EAT! One of the places that someone recommended for me to try was Serious Pie.  Why be jealous of Anthony Bourdain? Just travel and eat right?!? I am seriously in love with this place! For starters we ordered their salad of the day.  It was served with arugula, persimmons, hazel nuts, and a light vinaigrette.  The salad was good but did not really blow my mind away.  However, the pizza was amazing.  My friend and I ordered their Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms, Truffle Cheese $17.  Each bite was decadent and the flavors were unapologetic.  Along with the pizza, we ordered their Araldica Barbera D' Asti 2010 $8 for a glass and $30 for the bottle.  The wine gives off a light finish to the palette. As for dessert we ordered their Chocolate Budino, Olive Oil, with Biscotti $8.  To be honest, I was not really impressed.  I expected an oomph or for my eyes to roll back with joy  but I did not find anything special about it.  All in all, if you're a pizza person then I highly recommend Serious Pie!Tom Douglas has the Seattle market cornered with his great restaurants. He definitely knows his food.Not your traditional pizza. I like saucy, greasy pizzas. This is very gourmet style. Not a fan. Sorry, different stroke for different folks I guess.An absolute nightmare experience.    We chose this as our last dinner in Seattle  after a long weekend visiting from Boston.   This was not only our worst dining experience ever- it was literally our worst experience with another human being ever.  My wife and I waited more than an hour to be seated- which we were totally cool with and expected- but like most people waiting to be seated at a casual restaurant (and most others present) we had our smart phones out and were surfing the web.   When we were seated there was also a long delay, and like others around us, we were again using our smartphones.    When the waiter arrived he knocked over glasses of ice water not only on our smartphones but *completely* drenching parts of our clothing as well.    Mistakes happen- we would have been totally cool with a simple "sorry", but the waiter took at as an opportunity to snap and cause a very public and humiliating scene- literally a "publicly shaming"  while the other diners gaped.  He snapped loudly that we shouldn't have had our phones out-- though they were on the far end of the table and were nowhere near or obstructing anything and had absolutely nothing to do with the ice water event.  We ended up having to leave after more than an hour and half sans food with ice water drenched on rather unfortunate parts of our clothing.   We've dined all over the world and have had many experiences good and bad (but mostly good- often excellent), but never have we had someone not only drench us in ice water but then proceed to verbally accost and publicly shame us.Serious Pie will come pretty close to meeting your unfulfilled desire for an east coast pizza or even that memorable pizza eaten on your last trip to Italy.  The set-up is somewhat unique to Seattle as it mixes your group with other patrons, typical in Italy.  You won't be disappointed with the pizza, it's as good as it gets in the area!  Price is comparable with other establishments in Seattle.  Unfortunately, the list of offered pies is limited,  Mr. Douglas has decided that he knows best with respect to what toppings will offered on any given pizza.  This seems to be true despite a wide range of available toppings offered on the 6 or so pies of the evening.  So, if you have a favorite combination of toppings that you always order when eating pizza be prepared to be flexible, then enjoy some seriously good pie. (a little pun intended)   I sure would like a shot  at ordering my two favorite toppings on my next visit.  Either way, it's worth another visit.This place truly does have serious pie, my friends and I ordered the guanciale and soft egg and an elk sausage and caramelized onion pie, both were superb, although being the meat eater I tended to lean more to the elk sausage which definitely had its own character. The crust was done perfect, crispy on the edges and just thin enough to not feel like all you are eating is bread. Only downside is the place is small so the waits can be quite long.Not impressed at all.  The service was ok, the place was beautiful, but the pizza was ok.  What is pizza without sauce? Isn't pizza supposed to have sauce and mine seemed to have none. A pepperoni pizza with no sauce???  Sometimes new and improved can mean all out stupid.  I love the neopolitan style stuff from Tutta Bella and Via Tribulani, but this just failed.   Not my thing.  I will say the location is nicely decorated.  The service was ok.     Maybe they need one more try from me just to be sure.Perhaps it was because it was near the end of a perfect day, but whatever...Serious Pie was seriously wonderful.  No, the pizza isn't loaded with toppings (a complaint of some reviewers), but  for me each bite had the right combination of topping to crust.  And the crust is a perfect combination of dough and air with lovely cornmeal flecks. It's the flavors that makes this such a delight to eat.  We also had the beet salad and the figs with blue cheese.  I will be ordering these again and again.  Each taste is a perfect burst of flavor.  Nice atmosphere - we had a small two top near the window - so didn't share a table, but either way would have been fine.  Enjoying a meal is a small place is nice, for a change.Best Pizza.  I ordered the Sausage with firecracker peppers.As a Seattelite on vacation in her own city (now living in the DC area), I was wowed by Serious Pie.  (We actually ended up here as we didn't have the proper winter atire to stand in line outside Salumi so we headed up the street to Serious Pie).  I had the cherry tomatoes and fennel sausage - excellent.  My husband had the clam with lemon thyme - amazing.  Lemon thyme is something I've never had so I was really surprised by the quiet sophistication of it.  The other great thing was the Coca-Cola from Mexico with sugar, as the waittress described.  Delicious - anything better?  I would agree that there is a wait as there aren't tons of tables but it is bustling so we didn't have to wait so long.  But by the time we left there was a Serious short line.  Just be careful when there are groups ahead of you.  Tom Douglas does it again with another great place - beautiful ambience, and of course, delicious food.  Bravo!Serious Pie makes neither pizza nor pie. What they make is flatbread with toppings. Overpriced flatbread with toppings. I went to Serious Pie under the mistaken impression that they were a pizza place after seeing an episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food Network. Serious Pie was the pick of Tyler Florence. Against my better judgement, I chose to follow the advice of someone who said the best pizza in the country, nay the world, was on the US west coast. Well, there's a reason my better judgement is against making such mistakes. Serious Pie is not bad, it's just not good, and at $15 for a personal size cheese, it better be amazing. You can tell the ingredients are high quality, and the crust is pretty good, if a bit thick at times (crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside). The problem is that the total is less than the sum of its parts. They do a great job of balancing flavors. So great in fact that the end product ends up tasting largely of nothing. It's not unpleasant the way some bland things are, it just... well, tastes of nothing. I don't really know how else to describe it. Being from NY, I have been accused of being a pizza snob, and I would grant that I probably am. I think the measure of a pizza place is the cheese pizza. The cheese pizza is the purest, most fundamental form of pizza, and if a place can't do that right, they may as well just give up. I ordered a cheese pizza and a cannoli at Serious Pie, and both exhibited the lack of any appreciable flavor mentioned above. The textural experience was nice, but the flavor profiles just fell completely flat. If they charged about 1/2 the prices they do, it would have been worthy as a reasonable hole in the wall quality pizza joint. But they charge what I would consider fine dining prices for product that doesn't even match the quality of the best frozen foods. If you want pizza in Seattle, I would send you to Post Alley Pizza downtown, A New York Pizza Place up in Montlake, Hot Momma's up on Cap Hill, or any of the Paggliacis around the city before even considering Serious Pie. I'd even suggest going to the IGA downtown to pick up a frozen A New York Pizza Place branded frozen pizza before going to this place.Walked in on a Sunday evening at 6pm--it was packed!  We gave our number and received a call 35 minutes later that a table was ready.Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  We ordered the roasted yellowfoot mushrooms with truffle cheese and buffalo mozzarella with san marzano tomato pizzas.  The latter was a bit salty--but overall, a satisfying meal.  The red 10-year anniversary wine they are serving at the moment is fantastic--complex yet still pair-able with veggie-based pizzas.I love Serious Pie. Seriously. I came here with with another couple and it was perfect. The restaurant is cozy and candlelit. We shared several pizzas and a bottle of wine. There was something satisfying for my carnivorous boyfriend, and something equally delectable for me, the vegetarian. We finished the meal off by walking down to Lola's to share those amazing little donuts.Man alive this is serious pizza!   We finally made it in and it was worth the trip and the wait.  We had the sweet fennel and cherry pepper bomb pizzas.  The crust is crisp and slightly charred, the sausauge and peppers add just the right kick and the sauce was perfect.  We agree it is more of a flat bread than a pizza but either way, it is still very good.  Community dinning limits intimate conversation but hey, we weren't talking that much anyway.  We chowed!I LOVE SERIOUS PIE!  I don't think that I've had pizza this good before.  The crust melts in your mouth, the sauce is tantalizing, and the cheese is perfect!  I had the Buffalo Mozza Pizza and it's to die for.Overpriced cracker with a dab of flavour.  I really don't understand the hype about this place. I know a thing or two about pizza, and where the crust was good, it was way to thin and had hardly any substance.  And not worth 17 bucks by far.  My salad was also 10 bucks and was super ridiculous small.However they did a good job with the combination of ingredients and the serive was great. Won't be back, sorry Tom.We were looking forward to this place but when we got there, the two hour wait almost deterred us from dining there.  Luckily, we bought time with drinks elsewhere and came back for our reservation.  Ordered three pies and were very happy with the selection.  dessert, on the other hand, was just so-so. Not sure if I'll come back, but glad I tried the place.Awesome pizza!  Friendly staff.  Make sure to either call ahead or be okay with waiting... this is a popular place and isn't very big.  Our service was great - very quick.  Make sure to try the Spumoni for dessert.  It was unbelievable.So I was curious to try this place since I saw it at the food network. I took my husband and two young children during lunch. The place is small and was crowded. We waited for a few minutes and got a table. The menu does not have your typical pizza toppings, so we were not too sure what the kids would eat.  We ordered the crimini mushroom with truffle cheese, which was featured at the food network, and the yukon gold potato pizza for the kids. They loved it! Surprisingly, I actually enjoyed the yukon pizza better than the mushroom truffle. We also loved the crust. These are gourmet pizzas and definitely worth trying it.I would definitely come back and try the clam pizza that others have been talking about.The pizza is amazingly tasty.  I usually go for the simple margarita, but the potato mushroom one was surprising, given the fact I dont like mushrooms.Interesting ingredients. Taste was ok, definitely nothing spectacular. Not worth the 40min wait in the cold on a Friday evening. Some one told me to go for the happy hour and that would be worth the experience.Love Love Love the Pizza at Serious Pie... just amazing..!!!We had come to this place a few  days ago for dinner, but didn't want  to wait for an hour and a half. We came back. Luckily and were seated right away (otherwise it would have been a 2 hour wait). We got a clam  & pancetta with lemon thyme pizza.  It was ready quickly &  was really good. The service was good as  well. The reason for the 3 star rating is because the hour and a half wait would not nearly be worth it.if you're looking for an east coast pizza this is the best pie in town. crispy crust, loads of flavor and not too filling. it seems like a lot of the pizza in seattle is heavy, bland, and in the end you want to take a nap. go enjoy a true italian pizza and feel like you got your moneys worth when leaving. seriously serious pie, i want to be with you. below is a chart of how the yelp rating system works. i think everyone should know how tough it is to be a five star company.95% and up = 5 stars85% - 94.9% = 4 and a half stars75% - 84.9% = 4 stars65% - 74.9% = 3 and a half starsanything less, uselessexample:20-5 stars5-4 stars3-2 stars4-1 stars124 `/, 150 = .826 (4 star)This is the perfect place to hit if you looking for wood-fire gourmet priced pizza. The cherry bomb pepper pizza is delicious and the crust is exceptional - thin, light, and the right amount of crisp. The cost is pricey, but worth it.The service is great, the ingredients are quality and I love the setting, but the food is seriously lacking.  I ordered the beet/anchovy/pistachio salad and it had way too many beets and little to none on the anchovies.  Then the pizza, the guanciale, soft egg, and arugula, but it had way too much egg.  The proportion size of each dish was off and the meal lack the delicacy one expects from a chef like Thomas Douglas.  It was so disappointing.Had the fennel sausage pizza and the style they were trying to produce was very good.I can't wait to visit Seattle again (also just a few blocks away from Top Pot doughnuts!)Hands down one of the best pizzas I've had....besides Pizanos & Lou Malnati's back here at home in Chicago.Very good pizza at very high prices.  Also a bit crowded, seating-wise.  Good service.  Had the mozzarella pizza and the truffle pizza.  Can't recommend the truffle pizza: tastes like used band-aids.  But that's truffles for you and my fault for ordering it, despite my previous experience with the stuff.  Not a long wait at all for a Friday night.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because it really is quite expensive, even for great pizza ($17 for what is essentially a small, personal pizza, which means you have to get several).Very expensive, but good atmosphere (we were there for an early lunch) My one problem, was the SALT! My tongue and lips swelled up before we were even done, as did another member of my party.My girlfriend and I tried Serious Pie not too long ago.  While the food was good.  Nothing else seemed to impress me.  Like many posts says, its a small area and you do sit on top of people.   The place is way over priced for the amount of pizza you get.  $17 can get you a large pizza and pop and bread sticks at most pizza joints.  Not here.  I say closer to half of a small pizza.  I feel like this is one of those places where everyone in the Seattle area has to like it cause it's "Tom Douglas."  Pizza Ragazzi in the U-District and Pegasus Pizza on Alki all taste better and you get a lot more for your money.  Serious Pie = Over ratedI adore pizza and Serious Pie knows how to celebrate it. The pies are thin and crisp and it's always hard to decide which pie to get.This was my first time and I just wanted some good pizza for lunch...not duck or truffle or clam pizza. My husband and I shared the tomato/mozzarella/basil pizza and then went out for something else as sharing one doesn't fill you up. I wish they had more choices on their menu or a make-your-own type. Too expensive for the size I thought. $16 for a cheese pizza. It was good, but it's not a new favorite place.I guess this Tom Douglas guy has quite the rep in Seattle.  This place is legit.  Your typical high end fancy thin crust gourmet pizza done right.  Small, hip place; staff was friendly enough.  The little lounge area to sip a beer while you wait for a spot was welcome.I've been back a few times and had great meals.  Hooray!!!  I like the new Westlake Ave. location a lot.  The pizza with the egg on it was great and the simple margarita was also good.  They replaced the fantastic beet salad with an average one but overall a good place for za.Fresh and tasty, a must try!!!The food, atmosphere, decor, and service were all great. This is what pizza is supposed to taste like. Happy hour was good.I admittedly don't care for mediocre pizza places, but hot damn, this place is fantastic! I came here with  Savor Seattle when my mother came to visit and after the tour we immediately went back for their happy hour. We tried their Kale Salad, Yukon Potato Pizza, Clam Pizza, and Fennel Pizza. For  $6 a mini pie, it's a great deal. Have the pizza family style and enjoy!Excellent pizza. Everyone knows that though. Yes, it's pricey. We ordered two pizzas to go the other day and when we go there they put the wrong kind of cheese on one of them. I said I didn't care, we'd take it as it was. They insisted we take both pizzas for free! Yes, that happened.Good place, great service. So rare.Amazing food and wonderful atmosphere. We came in on a busy Friday night so we expected the wait and the short service, but the waitstaff was a bit snooty even so. Since multiple parties are seated at one table, this is a great place for very small groups of friends to mingle and enjoy new company- not so much for first dates or business dinners. Overall, the great food and fun atmosphere makes this a worthwhile stop.Love, love, love their yukon gold potato pizza!!!I haven't felt compelled to write a yelp review in a while, but Serious Pie was an odd experience that I thought was worth sharing. Great job, Tom Douglas. Once again, really interesting and good food and a well thought out interior and ambiance. We ordered a variety of pizzas and none were bad. Five stars for food.What was strange last night (and so, unfortunately, overshadowed the food) was our service. Not the speed or quality really...check and check there...but two servers - the one helping our table and another - kept shushing us, looking at us like we were crazy, and overall acting like they'd never experienced a table of seven 30 something's catching up, telling stories, and overall having a good time. Granted, we may have been louder than your average passive Seattle crew (half were visiting from SF, the rest were transplants from the Bay), but we also were not out of control teenagers - there was even a very pregnant woman in our group. And all of us immediately noticed rolled eyes, impatience, and general rudeness and disdain on the part of our servers...not what we were expecting! It was unlike service I've ever experienced - especially in a little bit spendier place! None of our party are strangers to paying a decent amount for food, but usually when you pay a little more it's reflected in the service - down to how you're treated. Instead of being treated as guests at Serious Pie, we were treated as an undesirable chore.Note to wait staff  - if you approach a table you feel is "unruly", or different than your normal table, with humor and friendliness, EVERYONE'S experience gains more stars - yours AND ours! One more weird point - I know some establishments do this, but they wouldn't seat us with 6 out of 7 members of the party present - instead we had to squeeeeze into the small waiting area and look at our large, empty, waiting table which was directly adjacent to the waiting area until #7 arrived...according to the hostess it's policy and it "flows better" to wait for the whole party - I get it if 2 or 3 out of 7 are present, but 6 out of 7, including a very pregnant lady just felt like poor service...nothing about it "flowed".I will probably go back at some point, but if I am with more than a couple of people I will definitely suggest alternatives - Serious Pie (or maybe just last night's staff) didn't seem able to appropriately handle a large table!Yummy!  What more to say :)The one with the egg and the truffle are my favorite!!!I had been wanting to try this place for ages ever since I read about it in Seattle Metropolitan magazine's "pizza" issue and finally went last night.  Very, very good!  I got the Yukon gold potato with rosemary (you can really taste the rosemary, which I love) and my Mom got the buffalo mozzarella and tomato basil.  I loved mine and my Mom really enjoyed hers, too, although she thought they were a little skimpy on the mozzarella, which I would agree with. The sauce was great.This place is famous for their crusts (pizza with a bread baker's soul, as they say) and they did not disappoint.  Crispy, chewy, flavorful.  One pizza would be big enough for two people if you split a salad.  I brought three slices home and probably should have brought more back but it was just too good.  :)Ambiance was nice and jovial, although a little noisy. But not raucous.  Seating is close together but I liked the feel.  Anyway, I'll be back!  Very, very delicious.Great pizza, but i would've expected a little bigger piece of pie for the price.After a very long wait, we were finally ushered into the smallest possible seating arrangement I have ever participated in. I felt like I was at a buffet cafeteria after the tour bus drops off a crowd. Wow. The pizza was very unusual- which I like- but the price was outrageous. We were there because we were on vacation and my husband must have pizza every third day no matter what. But if I had to pay those prices all the time that would change. Great Pizza Serious Pie for sure. Bring your imagination and a wad of cash. Took forever to process the bill using a credit card.Best thin pizza everAlways good.  Second location is a great addition.We purchased a new camper trailer from Apache Camper in Tacoma.  We got a great deal and they paid top dollar for our 2001 in trade.  We needed the camper right away; so they went out of their way to get it ready. The entire crew stepped up to support the sale.Eh and a bit over priced. Douglas doesn't poop 5 stars people. His places are just better than average. Everyone gets excited about the name. Maybe 10 years ago.Fantastic source of meaty tomato love!  Run, dont walk to partake of the loveliness that is Serious Pie!Unusual Pizza fare and outstanding crusts!It was a very good pizza. Better seating would have made me more enthusiastic.So tasty and such great service! Everything tasted and looked so fresh!An underwhelming ripoff.  I'm not sure how anyone could rave about this place.Pretty delist.  Love the sausage fennel and any salad on the menuDefinitely a fan of serious pie! Yukon gold potato pizza is delicious!I've always had a long wait here, but it's worth it every time. Best place in town for thin crust pizza with fancy toppings.From what I have heard it is nearly impossible to get on weekends but on a Monday night, we had no trouble.  I have to say, the pizza is so good that it would have been worth the wait had we needed to.  I loved it!  It isn't trying to be authentic Italian thin pizzas like Tutta Bella and Via Tribunali.  I would say it more like a cross better American and Italian style.   The crust is a little thicker and shaped like a big rectangle.  We had a cherry peppers and fennel sausage pizza, red potatoes with garlic and olive oil pie and my favorite, the special which was pancetta caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes, basil (I think?) and mozzarella.  Yummmm.  I had to nix the pizza with the clams but my brother and sister were dying to get it.Really, 3 1/2 stars... We tried 4 pies.  Interesting and delicious flavor combos, but for some reason, just didn't blow my skirt up. I would go back to try more.  Waitstaff were great.  Note: It's very hot inside in the summer!Place is awesome. Wish it was a bigger chain.Yummy and you don't walk out feeling like you ate an entire personal pizza by yourself.I have only been to the south lake union location. The staff is nice and the food is AMAZING! My husband and I try to make it in after 2:30pm on Sundays as this is when the rush dies down. We order any of the following and have not been disappointed yet: sausage pizza, mushroom truffle cheese , and potato pizzas. The habanero bloody mary's are delicious as well! If you want to try a biscuit, I would encourage you to try the Zac.easily one of the best. perfect, PERFECT crust, well at least to my taste. i love the perfect balance of crispy and chewy. we had clam one and fennel sausage one - both were really delicious. the place is real tiny, so go for some odd time of the day or take it to go. the salad is totally overpriced, $8 for a very simple tiny salad. drinks are priced around $5-8 a glass, pizza around $14-16 each. probably deserve 4 stars overall, but i give 5 anyway because of the pizza itself. it's that good. oh the info above is wrong. they open at 11am on sundays, not 4pm. we had it for lunch on sunday and the place was quite empty.Best pizza in Seattle.  A little expensive but totally worth it. I recommend everything they make, but my favorite is the mushroom pizza.  Do yourself a favor and try it out. FYI it's all thin crust but the make it perfectly.the tomato mozzarella pizza was perfect! the truffle chanterelle pizza was pretty good too. special thanks to "savor seattle" food tour for introducing me to the best pizza in seattle!My boyfriend and I went here tonight on a whim. We read a lot of reviews about it on here and decided to give it a shot. When we got there we were told it was a 45-60 minute wait, so we gave them our number and walked to Dahlia Lounge to wait. It would figure that we got the call from Serious Pie right when our appetizer we ordered at Dahlia was put down in front of us. We scarfed that down then went to SP. I have to say that the wait was so worth it! We were sat at a table with a couple that we sat beside at Dahlia, so that was cool. The boyfriend ordered the special (mushrooms, garlic, arugula, and parmesan) and I ordered the Penn Cove clams and pancetta pizza. It was just... out of this world. I absolutely loved the crust... I noticed a lot of Yelpers seem to hate it but I thought it was amazing. The clams were tasty and there were plenty on there. I'm salivating just writing about it! They get bonus points for having Mexi Coke. Oh, and we had dessert too... the olive oil cake and the budino (sp?). Delicious! I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone.pizza was very good.  happy hour menu was pretty good as well.  $3 beers.  highly recommendedlove the happy hour! salad and a sausage pizza.I like a little char on my pizza, but I don't like charcoal. There are other pizza places in Seattle (like Tutta Bella) that do a way better job on thin crust Italian pizza.Yummmmm.  So good and what a great date location!  I love pie!Overated. Food was nothing out of the ordinary. Long wait times.little pricey but really good pizza, worth the trip!Good service, but very average food. Ordered the octopus stew and mushrooms/truffle cheese pizza. The stew was far too salty, and while I usually love truffle cheese, the pizza was surprisingly flavorless. The crust was well-cooked, but airy--not what I look for in a pizza crust at all. The desserts (rhubarb crostada and chocolate budino) were fantastic, but I wouldn't go back even if it weren't as overpriced as it is.Yum! A small place with a great atmosphere. Higher class than your average pizza point.My wife and I love this place.Amazing.I really want to give this place a single star so it's not always so crowded.i'm in love with their mushroom pizza.  so savory & delicious.  i want more.  now.love this! pies, wine, i always order 2 for myself and then pick off of friends, it's an obligation kind of thing. prefer it when it's not so crowded, since my only gripe is the seating at times.What do they do to the crust to make it taste that good?  I try to visit the most highly recommended pizza spots in each city I travel.  Gun to my head, I have to blurt out the best I've ever been to?  Serious Pie takes the award.  I find myself telling people about it all the time.  If you're an Arrested Development fan, I was having a love affair with their pizza like George Sr. often has with his ice cream sandwiches.Awful pizza. Do not even bother.I may have written a review on Serious Pie before, but I'll do it again! Although this review is applicable to both locations, I do think the downtown location on Virginia is slightly better, I don't know why, it just is. The parking is easier at the SLU location and if you come during brunch hours, a patron also has the opportunity for Serious Biscuit, so take your pick! As for what's good, mostly everything. The menu does change, so beware. The crust is salty goodness on all pizzas but it stands out the most with the (insert mushroom type) and truffle cheese, which is also my favorite. The usual suspects of buffalo moz and then a sweet funnel sausage pies are safe bets. On occasion, but it's been a while (*HINT HINT*) the brussel sprout with garlic is an excellent special, especially if you haven't or don't like much maligned veggie. One memorable pie I had only once, a house salumi (I think), caramelized onion, and fontina cheese was quite enjoyable too. But I think almost anything with caramelized onion is good, even one of the servers agreed with me. The desserts are also optional but for me necessary. If the budino (pudding) is on the menu, it's my default selection. But a close second is the recent addition of the cannoli with honey poached pears with a pomegrate drizzle. And trailing in third [only because I ordered my first 1/2 dozen times I ate here) is a dramatically overdone coconut cream pie. It's never on the menu but always available. :-) One last thing, order a peach Izzie, goes well with the pie if you don't want a beer.We landed here for a Sunday afternoon lunch....the decor was nice, we got a table for ourself everything was smooth so far. We ordered figs and blue cheese for appetizer and the quantity was a joke... just three tiny figs on a tiny slab of cheese. Not at all worth the price. Then came the pizza, a buffalo mozzarella and tomato pizza. the crust was like a  pastry and the pizza was surprisingly bland. The service was OK . This experience makes me question "Seriously.... whats so special about this pie"?  NoneTry and try again...it does work!  I ate here a couple of times when it first opened and it was just eh.  Went back last night (after being told the Palace Kitchen would be a 30 minute wait...wtf was going on at 9PM on a Thursday?!) and honestly had a good experience.  Because of the later hour it wasn't super packed and we were able to get seated right away (although I always hate when restaurants get weird about seating incomplete parties...we had a third person who was going to be joining us at an unknown time).  I love the high communal tables and darkness of the restaurant.  We shared a table with a couple and across from us was a group celebrating a birthday so this place has something for everyone.  As previous reviewers have mentioned the menu is small, but I always think that's a good thing...a restaurant should have a few things that they do very well and Tom Douglas does just that at Serious Pie.  The bf started with the zuppa, which I thought had a rather thin broth but he enjoyed it (or maybe it's because he hadn't eaten in awhile and anything would do at that moment).  For our pizza we went with the pepper and fennel sausage (although I REALLY wanted the chanterelle and truffle cheese...I am going back for that!).  The pizza was really good, although I felt kind piggy that we polished the whole thing off, but they aren't that big, right?!  I am glad I gave it another try!had the mushroom and truffle pizza. it was good, but not the best I've had. seating situation could be better too. I would be back to try another pizza, if there was less than a 10 min wait.Fantastic pizza. Be prepared to wait though. The hostess kindly offered to put our name down, take our cell # and call us when a table freed up. Worked out perfectly and the wait wasn't as long as we thought it'd be. Hoping to go back the next time we're in town.Well - I am not sure I get all the hype.  I thought the food was pretty good - but nothing amazing.  My pizza was good but not good enough that I would go back.  The place is crazy small with 3 couples sharing a table for 6 so there really is no room to fit your pizza and a salad.  I did, however, have a very nice glass of wine.  I really didn't like dessert at all - which is highly unlike me.  I am glad so many other enjoyed - just not my cup of tea.Cozy and quaint. A bit overpriced but worth it.You know, I'm not a big fan of this joint. It hangs too much on the Tom Douglas name but, in the end, it's mediocre crust with sparse toppings.  There's no "value" in eating here; and given it's price point, they should call it Serious Dough.Food was yummy. I had the Mushroom and Truffle Pizza. Have to warn you it was very rich. I can't remember what my husband had,but he loved it.  Was not a fan of the communal seating though. So if you don't want to share a table with strangers then I would say skip it. If you don't mind then go for itMonique and I walked by this place on our way back from Discovery Park and decided to walk in on a Sunday afternoon.  The owner was friendly and helpful, the seating is family style, and the pizza was excellent.  We were starving so we didn't try anything too adventurous (fennel sausage, roasted pepper and provolone) but it was awesome.  We would definitely go back -- add to the bookmarks for the next visit.and this is where everyone in seattle freaks out ... how can someone not like serious pie?  here's my advice.  go to chicago.  order pizza literally ANYWHERE ... and it will be better than serious pie.  this isn't pizza!!!!  it's flatbread dressed up as pizza.  no joking, this place would be out of business in a month in chi city.  i do dig the european table style seating, even if my pregnant girlfriend and i were sat in the middle ... it made the experience a bit more enjoyable, from a comic relief standpoint :)It's ok.  It is probably because I am from the midwest, but I like my pizza with a hearty crust and lots of toppings on it.  The wait was way too long for this pizza.  The atmosphere was good though.  Serious Pie rivals Delancey in Ballard, which I didn't think was too hot either.  Probably won't go back again.Having dined at most 'Tom Douglas' restaurants, i had very HIGH expectations from Serious Pie - Alas! what a DISAPPOINTMENT! we ordered for a 'take-out' order of penn cove clams & pancetta pie. The crust was thin and Black - burnt.. we got pieces of clam shell in 2 slices which was not what you would expect after paying a premium price for a pie! we had the rest of the pie with 'extra' caution (without sharing it with our 1 year old daughter :(  -didnt want to choke on another piece of clam shell. I would not  go back the pie again - seriously!$14 for a tomato/mozzarella pizza for one- I think not!  I went here with a friend a few months ago and left hungry and pissed off.  The waiter asked, "Do you want anything to drink - sparkling water?"   So I got one and he charged me $3 for it when I thought it was free, but no big deal.  I thought the pizzas would be a little larger and more filling for $14-16 so I decided to get a "starter" salad ($8) as an entree.  Well the salad was the size of a car key, maybe that's why they call it a starter- zing!  We left hungry and had to have a second dinner; this was after we spent $46 at Serious Pie, or should I say Serious rip-off.  The best deal in the place is a $3 PBR, which would be outrageous in any other city.  If someone wants really good pizza at a reasonable price, I would recommend Veracci Pizza in Ballard.Good food; Serious service issues. I took my mom for her birthday tonight. We called ahead and were told they didn't take reservations. No worries... We arrived in no rush and got a glass of wine while we waited. Host man said it would be about 20 min. 45 went by and we were ansy but not complaining until a couple who arrived well after us was seated- then I was upset. I went to the host stand and he clearly had skipped over us. I said OK but explained my mother was agitated and we were here for her b'day so asked him if he wouldn't mind refilling our red wine on the house for our trouble. No problem. Until we got the bill and they had charged us. Waitress was nice as she could be but sent another server over- he said there must have been "a misunderstanding" between me and the host about the complementary wine. I don't think so. Unfortunetly they made my fun night out for my mother's birthday unpleasent. Like I said, food was good but experience ruined. Won't be back.Well, I heard this was the best. It's not. Not even close. Maybe because I am an East Coaster, but I prefer my pizza to have some cheese, some taste... instead of shavings of cheese. And it was very salty. It was a very big disappointment and worst of all, it was VERY expensive pizza for hardly any toppings.went here for a late happy hour lunch after reading the reviews on here and were certainly not dissapointed.  the pizzas are 5 dollars each and there is a good variety to choose from.  we got 3 between the 2 of us and all of them were excellent - i would especially recommend the truffle cheese and mushroom.  Service was good despite it being busy.This pizza will knock your socks off.  Clam pizza?  Yes!  Sausage pizza?  Yes!  Mushroom pizza?  Yes!  Basically any pizza is a hit, it's cooked to perfection, and hits the spot in a delicious way.Went for Happy hour and it was great. It was on a list of Seattle favorites and also a restaurant of a celeb chef. At happy hour there are mini pizzas @ 6 dollars each so try them all then pick a favorite. We did. Dug into the buffalo mozzarella and basil, sweet fennel peppers and provolone, clam and also the potato. Ended up ordering a bigger Buffalo Mozzarella after happy hour ended. Good beer. I enjoyed the Maritime Portage Bay pilsner especially. WHOA!!!!!! Communal seating stopped me in my tracks but it was ok somehow. Not private but good utilization of space for sure and not bad. This place is more for locals so there wasn't cross talk. SP is a tiny place 8 tables total with a casual atmosphere yet intimate. It's intimacy comes in the form of it being more authentic and less touristy. You feel you are in Tom's kitchen with his book strategically placed in the waiting area. Also, the set up of the restaurant makes it so you can see through to the kitchen and into the wire oven area. Great for people who love cooking and food! Gives you faith in the cleanliness too. If you sit by the windows you see the hustle and bustle go by while you just relax. While doing that we shared bites of the ice cream cake for dessert. Perfect way to spend an evening.I was very impressed with the service considering how busy it was there. We got there and there was a long wait, gave our cell number so that we could walk to pacific place mall. We got a call early saying that a table opened up, we headed back and were seated immediately. Efficient!! Our waiter was friendly and easy going.  I dont mind the communal seating, weird at first but then kinda fun.  Pizza always takes a long time to make so i expected a long wait for my pizza, but suprising it didnt take that long for us. But it did seem to take long for other people. Lots of people wondering where their pizza was... I had the roasted chanterelles and bf had the cherry bomb and fennel sausage. Surprisingly, it was just average. I guess i was expecting something more from an iron chef winner :)  Mine was way rich,  bf seemed to like his pizza tho.  As we were leaving, the staff thanked us for coming and were extremely pleasant. Kudos to Tom Douglas for hiring top notch staff. As for his pizza...   just was pizza.While visiting Seattle for a weekend in December, my friend and I stopped in here for happy hour / pizza on a recommendation from a local Seattle-ite.  The seating area is tiny, so we had to wait for about 15 minutes to get seated.  The tables are communal, so we sat face-to-face at a six-top, a couple on our right, and a man and his son on our left.  Kinda awkward for conversation purposes, but otherwise not an issue.  The pizza - AMAZING.  I think we got three - a little sample.  The one with rosemary and potatoes was my favorite, and I also enjoyed the egg pizza.  We loved everything we tried.  Pizza is thin crust style, and I've heard they frequently change their pizza selection.  Great red wine on the cheap too, because it was happy hour.  Now that I think about it, the pizza may also have been cheaper during happy hour?  Our server was friendly, attentive, and very easy on the eyes - he also gave us some great recommendations for spots to check out that evening, which is how we ended up at Zig Zag and Tavern Law speakeasy.  So in summary - we started the Serious Pie experience feeling impatient and a bit awkward, but were quickly impressed by the pizza, the service, the wine, and the tourist tips on places to visit...basically, AMAZEBALLS.  Maybe it was a little pricier than a typical pizza joint, but I was so happy when I finished the meal that I didn't even notice / wince at the bill.  Worth every penny!  I would definitely make it a point to come here again when I next visit Seattle.  Seemed to be the happening spot for locals and tourists alike.Always a good choice...great staff, comfy atmosphere.  $18 is a little steep for a pie, but dang they taste sooo good.Long wait but one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The service is really good too despite it being crazy busy.came here for dinner one night on vacation. it was packed! so we got to-go instead. we bought a few but i cant remember them all. the one i liked best was the one with an egg on top. it was soooooo good and interesting! i've never had one like that before elsewhere. will definitely go again if i'm in seattle!"Wow!, this is some serious pie!" (those were literally my first words upon biting into the wonderful goodness of this gourmet pizza).  I had never heard of Tom Douglas before (shame on me!!) and now  I can't wait to try his other restaurants.  Too bad he doesn't have any in L.A. *sad face*.  We were visiting my BFF who lives in Seattle and is a TOTAL food snob.  I mean, she gets mad when her sandwich is made wrong!  Anyway, she wanted to try this place out and boy am I glad I was there to share in the experience.  We had a group of 8 and after waiting almost 2 hours for a table (yeah, sucks they don't take reservations) we were just dying to see what all the fuss was about.  We started off with some wine and a very good green salad with a vinaigrette dressing.  We then proceeded to order one of every pizza on the menu.  Our favorite was the pepper and sweet fennel sausage and the mozarella and tomato.   The dough is thin and perfectly crisp with not much crust...score!  The toppings are gourmet and of exceptional quality.  We were so impressed that we actually went back for dinner again the next day, and I would have gone again the day after that had my friends allowed me.we had the clam pizza. it was good but i think we should of gotten something else. clam on pie is an acquired taste. the crust is f*ckin excellent though. 1h wait for dinner. would come here again.So... they won't seat you until your whole party is there. We waited outside in the rain for them to arrive before we were all seated at once. I guess all of their tables are community tables and everyone needs to be there before they'll seat you next to someone else. Kinda sucked for us, because we probably could've finished a pitcher while we were waiting for our friends to arrive. We would have been a lot dryer, too! They had this amazing sounding roasted beat salad that I was really excited to try, but five minutes after ordering it, the server came back and said they were out of it now. Ok.... I'll have... some kind of Italian bread tomato soup. It was delicious! I had my heart set on a salad, but the soup was awesome! Our pizza arrived- soft egg, spicy coppa and arugula topped with fresh grated parmesan- it was delightful! The crust was amazing! We shared with our friends and also tried the pulled pork with squash. It was almost sweet like a dessert pizza, but the flavors complimented each other really well. Great pizza. Great atmosphere. Community seating is a little wierd and I didn't like having to wait until the rest of our friends arrived before we could sit. But, now that I know what to expect, I know how to work it!It's not the best pizza I've ever had (that one's in Florence, Italy), but it's the best pizza I've had on the West Coast.  So good I keep coming back!  The dough is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and so well flavored with salt and olive oil.....mmmmm.  Yeah it's not cheap, but it's not going to break the bank, and so worth the $20 you'll fork over to leave with a happy belly :-)Pizza is one of those things that's been done a million times usually with similar results.  SP takes pizza and turns it on its head.  The recipes are so interesting and unique that it's just fun to try the different combinations.  A group of us (4 in all) hungry gals ordered the potato pizza, the salumi with onions and finally the chantrelle mushroom with truffel cheese pizzas.  They were all kinda salty (I didn't like that but some of my friends did) and the crust is buttery and light almost pastry like.  Everything was really yummy and dare I say, different?  Tiny little space and they won't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  We waited an hour for a table but no worries we just waited across the street at Lola and had drinks while we waited.  You can' t really compare this pizza to anything else because it's really almost like a unique Tom Douglas take on pizza but such fun and interesting combinations that you can' t not love it.Why not take reservations? And if you don't take reservations, why not at least seat someone if it is their turn to be seated? I thoughtfully got on the list pretty early, but when it was my turn they would not seat me because my girlfriend hadn't arrived yet. So because for a party of 2, there was only 1 of us, and for that reason, they wouldn't seat me. I'm sorry, but what would be the difference between me and her sitting at the table, taking our time before we order, having a few beers, or WHATEVER. If there was a time limit once you were seated, then I could understand this policy. They run a pretty tight ship, and they are organized, which is more than I can say for a lot of restaurants, so at least they stick to their rules and keep an organized waiting list. But WHY can't I sit and have beer while I wait for my girlfriend? What is one empty chair? It is money lost to them. But to achieve their homely image they should subdue to a small request like this. This is just BAD customer service. Maybe for a party of 10, if some guy want to claim real estate for an hour before the rest of them arrive, then I could understand enforcing it. Oh and the pizza was very good pizza, and the crust is excellent, but, they really could have more options. After all it is pizza, and toppings are fairly easily interchangeable.My first time at Serious Pie and it didn't disappoint. We went there with another couple and shared three pizzas, which was enough food. The Yukon Gold Potato Pizza was my favorite and I would recommend it to any that was planning on eating there. The pizzas are not the normal pizzas, they have a creative twist to it. The crust is light and to die for. In addition to having great pizza, the have amazing desserts from the Dahlia Bakery. I was not too thrilled about their beer and wine selection. The beer that we shared a pitcher of wasn't that tasty and the glass of wine that my wife had wasn't great. The atmosphere is cozy, so expect to share a table with another couple/group. Also, there is no reservations allowed, so make sure that you come early and put your name on the list. It's close to shopping, so you can kill some time while waiting for a table. I did see that they do take-out and orders to go. It's definately one of the best pizza places in Seattle.great pizza but probably not worth all the hype, or the hour wait.  however, it's still a must if you are visiting Seattle for the first time.best pizza i've ever had. period.Yes, it's expensive considering how cheap pizza is generally. However, I have never had such a perfect meal in every detail as I had at Serious Pie. The appetizer (a crab salad) was astoundingly good, loaded with lots of crab meat (not a few token shreds), on a delicious yogurt sauce. The "basic" pizza was as good as you would get in New York. I usually find pizzas to consist of passable red sauce, plus melted mozzarella on a thick piece of bread - tasty, yes, but not real pizza. At Serious Pie, however, it was cheesy, the crust thin and crispy (but not too) and the sauce was flavored with the right spices. Then we went overboard and ordered the coconut cream pie, and I have to say it was unlike any I'd ever had - with crunchy fresh flaked coconut, and a not-too-sweet creamy filling. Amazing. And I wouldn't want to forget the Cafe Americano (which came with a macaroon). It was true that neither of us could eat the next day after our over-indulgence, but it was worth it for the perfect meal at Serious Pie.Tom Douglas does pizza--of course it's good.  Interesting toppings like clams and lemons make for a more sophisticated than average pizza.  It's the dry crackery woodfired kind of crust--delicious in its own right, but not for those ooking for a traditional pizza experience.  This is something special.Yeah it was that good. I make home made pizza on the grill and in a pizza oven. This place teaches me how to make great crust.As a Brooklyn native, I know good pizza. This is THE BEST pizza I've ever had. Ever.Great pizza pies, but costs a lot.Awful.  Dough was sweet and buttery, tasted like a donut.  The "truffle cheese" was oily and flavorless.  They ruined the lobster mushrooms by putting it on the pizza.  Go to Bar del Corso on Beacon Hill.best pizza I've had in a while, and this is far and away the best pizza I've had in Seattle.  crust is light and sweet, meat is cured and non-traditional, and entire restaurant gives the impression that its owners and chef really care about what makes food great.-wow! this really is some SERIOUS PIZZA!-they had so many pizzas I wanted to try but I was with one other person and we ordered two: 1) buffalo mozzarella & tomato: the better of the two2) chantrelle mushroom & truffle cheese: mushrooms yum! it had truffle essence but not enough to my liking, needed more salt-the crust! wow! brushed with (I think) olive oil, some herbs and flake salt, wow, crispy & chewy, if they drizzled it with some white truffle oil, then this pizza would have been better (Pizza Antica, SJ,Ca is comparable if not better, but Serious pie's crust is better)-the size of each pizza is enough for one hungry person-dessert: thumbs up! on the panna cotta with rhubarb gelle & crushed pistachios, the hot chocolate terrine with clementines: was yummy, they pour hot chocolate milk around the terrine like a sauce,  i only recommend this dessert for people who love chocolate or chocolate truffles-price: its about $15-18 per pie-wait: short-Seating: they are all bar stool seats (individual tables and long tables that can be communal so you might be sitting next to people you don't know)-it get's hot & stuffy in their with their woodburning oven and all the people crammed in their-they are frequented by "food tours": people stand outside to get a taste of pizza and then they are on their way...I thought there was a wait & line, but it was just random people on the tour crowding the doorHigh-end fancy ass pizza.....which I enjoyed.  If you are looking for good cheap normal pizza, look elsewhere.  This place is pretty small as well so anticipate a wait and it is possible you will get seated at a communal table.  As you can see, there are plenty of things that can turn you off if your expectations are not set properly.  If you have an open mind, this place is cool and the food is good.Holy!  Seriously.  I was told this place was a MUST when in Seattle from both visitors and residents.  So this past 4th of July,  I came here with no reservation,  originally with a group of 3 that turned into a group of 5,  even though this place is small,  they were able to accommodate us graciously!  some items we ordered:Pizza:house guanciale, soft egg, dandelion greensAppetizers:baby lettuces, radish, moscatel vinaigrettefava bean crostini, smoked pancetta  Dessert:chocolate budino, sea salt, olive oilBeverage: pire mountain hard apple cider (bottled)EVerything was great, if i had to choose my ultimate FAVORITES, they'd have to be the Fava Bean Crostini, a perfect mix between the soft bean mixture and the buttery tasting and super thinly toasted crostini topped with a bacon-like goodness..need i say more?, soo good! and the dessert,  the Budino,  which is heaven in the form of a rich chocolate pudding that had a nice sprinkle of sea salt and olive oil on top.  A perfect ending to a great meal.  I ordered it to share but LUCKILY!!  everyone was too full to have very much soo i had most of it to myself!  :D SCORE!  it does sound strange that my favorite components of the meal were in fact not the pizza but the pizza really is good,  the appetizers and my dessert(i have a sweet tooth) were...umm GREATER?  Everything is really good to share especially since i wanted to just taste EVERYTHING.  Oh, and i should mention service is also friendly and efficient.  Serious Pie is a serious must.Seriously a serious pie. Actually the pie is really small and the crust is very thin and crispy. But it's seriously good. So good that my friend and I didn't even want to wait for a table and just ordered our pizzas to go. We took our pies, went back to the car, chilled in the back seat and devoured the pizzas. One pizza was topped with cheese, arugula and fried egg. Killer good. Another had mushrooms, truffle and cheese. And a final one with lamb and sausage. Gluttony continued with a visit to Top Pot around the corner and then a nice long nap.truffle pizza was delicious! the crust was amazingCool, hip, fun place.  Sort of pricey for what you get.  Good thin crust, super casual.  They do it right.If you are in this area, you must try Serious Pie.  PSQ (price, service & quality) is great.  Ambiance is nice.  What else do you want?If you are looking for soul satisfying pizza - go elsewhere. If ultra-thin pizza is your passion you'd be better served by checking out Delancy's both for ambience, quality of food, and value.Very hip setting. Follows the trend of packing people in at community tables, which really helps given the minuscule size of the dining room. As the name says, they have some serious pie at this joint, and i think it's all in the crust. I really did enjoy the pizza here, and the atmosphere is warm, inviting and funky.This is seriously the best pie on the west coast if not the USA. The cherry bomb peppers and fennel pizza is amazing. In only a 3-day trip to Seattle recently, I went for it TWICE!Best pizza ever!  Go early though as we did have to wait a bit.  I didn't like that they sat our party at a table w/ other people though.  We tried 3 different pizzas, salads, and dessert and every thing was wonderful!Had the chanterelle and truffle cheese pizza.  It lacked flavor and the crust was black so I could taste burnt crust with just about every bite.  Pizzas are overpriced for their size.  So what is the big deal about this place?  Might give them another shot and try something else another time I visit Seattle.  But for now, it was very mediocre.seriously goodservice is good!food is good. i like the set up of the tables. long high bar like tables.celery root soup was light but good.we got the duck egg, frisee, pizza and it was good. but beware, there are random spots of spiciness.our pizza took a noticeably long time to come out but they offered us dessert so that was a huge redeeming factor. its hard to rebound from an experience like that when you see other people that came in FAR after you, being served their pizza before yours. but they were really nice about it. :)the dessert was AMAZING. pine nut marzipan tart with rosemary ice cream. OMG, i love it. i would come back just for that. so yummy.Easily one of my favorite restaurants downtown.  Service has always been fantastic, the wait is not unreasonable, and the food... oh man, the food.  I wouldn't classify this place as much of a pizza joint as much as a fine restaurant.  I've gone here both casually for dinner and also on business, and have had good experiences every time.  Generally has a small, but good beer selection from local breweries.I've eaten here a couple of times and have not been let down. Their pizzas are the perfect size and if you have a good appetite you can eat the whole thing. I had one pizza with their signature cured meat and it was very tasty. Their seating arrangement is also a bit fun with their family style tables and dim lighting. Very friendly and prompt service too. This is a great place to hit up before or after taking in a movie at the Cinerama.Sunday night.  Had a party of 6.  The wait was an hour and a half.  We left our phone number and went next door for some drinks.  The wait, didn't feel all that long, although, looking back at the time, I feel like it could've been better used.  This was all of our first times' there, which was exciting.  Had we all been in a smaller party, we all agreed that we wouldn't have stayed for an hour and a half wait.  There were only about 7 different pizza offerings, 10 appetizers and 5 desserts.  We ordered 5 pizzas between us.  The food came quickly, and the pizzas disappeared even quicker.  Given how excited we were for the food, we were all so let down when we looked at our table and all we saw were empty trays with no pizza left.  We had a potato pizza, an egg pizza, an oysters pizza, a mushroom one and a sausage one.  The mushroom one was the best one.  It wasn't too salty like the oyster one, and it wasn't too cheesy like the potato one.  It didn't give off an odd texture like the egg one after the first bite.  The mushroom one was definitely the best.  The best part of the pizza was the breading.  It was so unique.  They were thin crust, but it wasn't crunchy, it wasn't chewy, it was doughy and complimented the main ingredients of the pizza so well.  As soon as the pizza is taken out of the oven, it looks like the pizza is doused some heavy olive oil.  That definitely makes it good. The cost was a bill for the 6 of us with 5 pizzas.  Not too bad, but I know at least half of us could've eaten a lot more.  At the risk of sounding like a pig, I think I could eat 4 of those pizzas on my own on any given day.  Easy.  Would I come again?  Probably not.  The wait was too long for this food.  The pizza itself was fantastic, was it the best pizza in seattle?  I don't think so.  I haven't had that much pizza around here but I'm pretty sure there's better out there.O.K., so we went during happy hour and got their Yukon pototo, mushroom and  margherita type pizza. The Yukon was alright, but oh my the other two were absolutely amazing! The crust is falky yumminess.Definately as good as it gets for Pizza in Seattle, and the wait provides great evidence of it. Everything else has been said, just remember that if you are in the mood for bland Italicana style pizza, go to dominos (or your choice of 1000 other pizza joins around) and don't bother here.Excellent! Great pizza, wonderful wine, great appies. Love this place!Excellent pizza - had the potato & salumi. Next time I want to try fennel sausage & the plain one. Our only complaint was that it was super hot! Probably due to the heat wave though. ( sept. 2009 review)Great pizza - I had the Pumpkin, Pork Belly and Pistachio.  The crust was perfectly thin and tasty and the combo of the toppings just screamed autumn.  A truly satisfying follow up to the roasted beat salad with carmelized anchovies and pistachios.  I took dinner back to the hotel after a trying business day because I was just too tired to wait for a table, but they were kind and accomodating and packed me some utensils and napkins (believe it or not some restaurants forget to do so, so I am always appreciative when they don't) and I enjoyed my dinner in my quiet hotel room where I didn't have to socialize after a long day.  Well done Tom Douglas, I will return!We were greeted by a very pleasant host staff who informed us the wait was an hour and a half to two. She took my cell phone and recommended at nearby bar which worked out well. The pizza was very good, not the best I have ever had, but certainly the best I have had in Seattle. The chantrelle mushroom was particularly good. The only downer was the attitude from the waitress, who acted as if our being there was some type of inconvenience to her.  Otherwise, I would go five stars. Get there early and on her night off and you will be thrilled.Funky seating arrangement. Fricken awesome pizza!Two out of the three pizzas we ordered were over cooked.  The pizza was charred and inedible.  We were really unhappy with the experience, especially considering the price of each pizza.yeah, their pies are damn seriously good.  got the duck egg, clam, and margherita pizzas (for our picky friend), all excellent.  will be back for sure!Clam & Mussel Pizzas are sooo good!! I really love this place but the wait can sometimes be long so definitely go when you are not in a rush and don't go in a large group. Communal tables are interesting, not a place to take a date (in fact the people sharing our table were in the middle of a break-up - akward!) Pizzas are pricey, but its Tom Douglas.Coming from NYC I've had some of the best thin crust pizza around. With that being said, the mushroom pizza was my favorite. Special call out to the root beer float...very "rooty", and delicious.  Expect a wait, but they were nice to give me a call on my cell phone when my turn came up rather than having me wait outside.sausage, pepper pizza was very good. sauce had great flavor.wish i could say the same about the salad. if you eat here, just skip the salad and go straight for the pizza. would returnI didn't intent to come to Serious Pie until I remembered it was featured on Food Network.  Tom Douglas has a flair to successfully pair different tastes together. Mango vinegar spritzer?  This stuff is tasty! Root beer is the best ever!  Not too sweet but so deep in flavor. Chilled Calamari salad with paper thin slices of cucumber, touch of mint and sea salt brightens up this salad.  The roasted morel mushroom with truffle cheese was so rich in earthy favors. Those morels and truffles make the pizza pop!  Sorry Wolfgang and CPK.  You guys should learn from the master.Seriously did not realize pizza can taste this good! The pizza crust was perfectly baked.  Thin, crispy outside and soft and doughy on the inside.  The toppings where literally dancing in my mouth.  I honest still remember the first bite, then was chewing and chewing and just taking my time to figure out what all the new and different flavors where happening to me.I went with my bf for happy hour.  We got four pizzas (half size ) for $5 each which is a bargain especially if you want to try different pies.  We had the truffle, sausage, clam, and the yukon pizzas.  My favorite was the clam and sausage.  I would definately hit this place up again.I've been here twice and haven't had a pizza that I've liked, unfortunately.  Last time I was there, I had their potato pizza, and that was sure what it tasted like--potato!  No other flavors came through, just potato.  Eh.  I've now told my friend if he ever wants pizza from there again, he needs to just get take-out.  I'm not wasting $14-16 on a pizza that has a high probability of being no good.  Oh, and the fact that across the street from here (while dining) we saw a homeless guy get beat up by 4 A-A teenagers makes me really want to return!!Pretty good pies with a unique selection of toppings and prepared in a fire oven.  Pricey for the personal size pie @ $15-$17 each. Add another 10 bucks for parking in the lot next door and a couple beers......seriously great.  in a sea of pizza choices, this is a wonderful place to try an out of the ordinary pie.The margherita pizza was the best pizza I've ever had - hands down.  Perfect service and fantastic red wine.  Phenomenal place.Not Serious. Won't be going back. Try Via Tribunali in Fremont or Pulcinella in Rainier Beach for the real deal.Not that great. Expensive when you consider parking and the amount of food you get. Try Red Star in West Seattle or Proletariat Pizza in White Center for amazing pizza.Okay, looks like the reviews diverge based on the quality of the crust.  So as a disclaimer, I love thin, crunchy, salty, charred crusts and generally dislike the airy, fluffy kinds.  Based on my preference for thin and crunchy, I loved serious pie.  The toppings were also pretty innovative.  There is quite a bit of a wait though.The atmosphere was great, but the crust on our Serious Pie was seriously burnt.  Perhaps our expectations were too high, but we were fairly disappointed by the pizza.  For the prices I don't think I would go back given the other options in the city.We've had the pleasure of experiencing this wonderful gem three times now and have never been disappointed. Their crust is absolutely amazing! Thin and bubbly, perfectly just-this-side of  burned, crispy and delicious. Our last experience was on Saturday afternoon, so the place was busy. We had to wait a few minutes for a table, but then were seated at a large family style table with others, but we don't mind that at all. It's just how the restaurant is. There were four of us, so we shared the kale salad and the panzanella soup. The kale salad was yummy with toasted pine nuts, some peppers for kick and a light dressing. The soup was tasty, brothy, and pesto-ey with nice cubes of toasted, seasoned bread, white beans and veggies. Two of us shared the basic tomato, basil buffalo mozzerella pizza. It's SO not basic though. It's too delicious to call it basic. The other couple with us shared the sausage pie and loved it. We enjoyed their organic beer that was quite delicious and the perfect accompaniment to the perfect pie. Three of us have a sweet tooth, so we shared the coconut cream pie and it was to die for. Best coconut pie I have had in a long time, and of course it's from their sister restaurant Dahlia's. I am looking forward to going back soon!This place has been the best pizza spot for me! Their pizzas are so yummy and so fresh! They also have a good selection of wine. The reason this place isn't getting a 5 stars is because of how crowded and uncomfortable the tables and chairs are. Its hard to have a conversation....This is an "eat and leave" type of place....I will go back over and over and O V E R again :)Good za, nice variety of toppings, good draft beer, happy hour prices were awesome.I'm a NYC gal and we take our pizza seriously!  A little warm, a little pricey, but good lord, that's good pizza.  And wonderful service to boot.15 minute wait, and I could sip a lovely glass of red wine.  I rarely return to the same place twice, let alone have the same dish.  Trumpet mushrooms and truffle cheese pizza.  Enough said.Stopped here late the night we arrived in town.  Very cozy place.  The beer and pizza were great.  We had the tomato basil pizza and a sausage pepper one.  Both were awesome.  The pitcher of beer was a nice, heavy glass one too...nice touch.  Would definitely go back.Serious Pie is awesome!  I made my first trip to NYC this past May and thought I would never be able to find pizza as good, but I was wrong.  In July I found Serious Pie (via the Seattle Food Tour) and could not believe I have lived in WA for 2 years and only now discovered it!  It is the best pizza I have ever had!  The chanterelle (mushroom) pizza is the best although I also love the simplicity and subtle saltiness of the mozzarella pizza.  The only drawback is that seating is limited and it is always crowded but rightfully so!  Oh, and the service is hit or miss.We happened to be here for happy hour when they have half pies for $5 so we decided to order one of each to try them all. Honestly, the happy hour pies are so small you're basically just eating alot of crust. I liked the italian sausage one and the basic cheese and tomato sauce. The rest of the pies, like the egg salad, and the scalloped potatoes, were pretty boring to eat. Is the food bad? No. Is it someplace I will ever actively seek out again? No.The crust was amazing, toppings fresh, and atmosphere perfect.  Huge fan, a true stand out in the hard to impress NW Pizza atmosphere!  Good wine and beer selection as well.  Service was dead on!Best pizza I ever had!!  The crust is amazing.  I usually don't eat the crust on my pizza, but at serious pie nothing is left.  My favorite one is the  mushroom and truffle cheese!First of all, this place is always packed. If you decide to go there at dinner time, you have to wait. It is a small place. After reading all the good reviews and knowing that this place is owned by Tom Douglas, I had great expectations for its food. But unfortunately it wasn't as good as I expected. We only tried their vegetarian pizzas. I think the dough is the most important part of the pizza, it makes the difference between a normal and amazing pizza. The toppings may be great quality but the taste of the crust was just regular. I got disappointed. Don't get me wrong, I don't say it is bad pizza, it is good but I thought it would be one of the best pizza I have had. I don't think I will go through the hassle of finding a table over there again. Compared to Tutta Bella, I don't think they can make it into my great pizza list.Also the desserts were disappointing. I had the chocolate mousse and its size was small. Putting some mandarins on top doesn't make it a brilliant dessert. Also the service was slow. Bringing ice water shouldn't take 10 mins.So I am not planning to go back there, I don't think it is worth the wait and the money.Yes, seriously good pie. Happy hour specials include $5 mini pies and $5 glasses of wine. The chanterelle mushroom with truffle oil and the clam, pancetta, lemon thyme pizzas were so delicious we had to try another and with the urging of others at our table (there are several long, shared tables), tried the fennel sausage and roasted peppers. The pizza ovens and other bread baking that goes on here creates a toasty, almost underground atmosphere but good food, good service make an enjoyable experience.A nice little joint with family style seating so you may get an interesting converstation from your table neighbors, but thats all part of the casual fun that goes with the non traditional pizza styles and good wine. A great place to go before a show...OMG!  Truffle cheese and mushroom pizza still has me mesmorized 5 months later!!  I want the recipe..........I heart everything about you Serious Pie!First time there and I will return.  The kale salad was AMAZING---I would return just to get that.  We ordered the sweet fennel sausage and red pepper pizza which was the best pizza that we ordered.  The fennel sausage really was fantastic.  The other pizza was the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza which was very good but not great.  Interestingly enough, that pizza was better cold the following day.  The crust was amazing the day after.  How many day old thin crust pizzas can you say that about??  Also, the wine selection was rather good.  Limited but good.  And Vin Santo was on the list.  Very Nice.  However, we did not care for the cannolis or the biscotti.  I would recommend they get new desserts.Extremely expensive at nearly $20 for a personal pizza, but the pizza is very good, among the top pizza places in Seattle.  Sharing tables is rather annoying given the cost of the food, was the rushed service.We got two pies. The potato one was quite tasty. Unfortunately the fiddlehead one with pancetta was a big fail. The flavors did not meld together. In fact, it was flavorless aside from the large pieces of roasted garlic which turned out to be overwhelming and not in a good "wow-what-a-burst-of-awesome-garlic-ness" sort of way. And I am a garlic lover. The pancetta pieces were 75% fat and so afterwards you are left with this gross fatty taste in your mouth. The toppings combo was good in theory but the execution was disappointing.Really good pizza.  They were busy when I went in and my pizza took longer than they (not I) expected so the server brought me a free beer.   Way to make me a happy camper.  I'll be back.This place was well worth the wait! The pizza was delicious with the perfect amount of sauce, great crust and delightful ingredients.I was sorta disappointed in our pizza. It was a bit bland and a little soggy in the middle. I expected better considering the line out the door. Maybe a different one would have been better. We had a special for that night --something with butternut squash.You have to like thin crust. It is like cracker thin. I really like pizza, but have never had a transcendental pizza experience, and I remain on my orgasmic pizza quest.  This is like gourmet pizza, which is usually a curse word to me, but this is good. If you can eat half of a medium normal pizza, you can easily eat a whole one of these. Serious! Cannoli's are good, and they have good local beers as well. The setting is intimate, and has a neighborhood pizza parlor feel. The local beer I consumed desperately tried to get the girl I was with to buy a "Serious Pie" t-shirt, but she wasn't having any of it. This place is cool.Excellent food!Solid thin crust pizza with interesting toppings.  The wait is long, but they take your cell number and call you when they have space for you.Pizza was above average, but they lose out on service.  Came on Sunday afternoon and they made us wait for 15 minutes.  After going up I saw that half the tables were empty and they made us share a table.Unique pizza creations!  Awesome ambiance.we were with friends, and they suggested serious pie. we were taking the train home to portland, and decided to get a pizza to go for that ride. we chose the buffalo mozarella with red sauce and basil. it was delicious and hit the spot...thxThis place is great!  I had the octopus salad with fresh chick peas and parsley to start.  Very nice presentation with the octopus tentacles wrapping through the dish.  Tender and great  contrast of flavors.  Then I had the clam, pancetta, and lemon thyme pizza.  Awesome!  The clams added a creamy element to the great flavor of the pancetta.  While there was a representative from each major beer style the lack of selection was the only downside for me.  Don't get me wrong, they have an appropriate drink menu but personally I prefer a little bit larger list.  The community seating is not for everyone and while I was there at least one group of people refused to let a single person join their table.  Its pretty clear that communal seating is the norm so if you don't like please don't go here.  I enjoyed talking to my table mates and got some great local food advice from them.  I think this is the american elbow room expectation coming through and its pretty silly in my book.  Oh well, this is a great place to eat and if you like gourmet pizza definitely check it out.My girlfriend I visited seattle for our anniversary/vacation last october, we're both chefs in San Francisco and our primary goal for our vacation was to eat in some awesome restaurants.  We had dined at dahlia lounge the year before and we tried another douglass restaurant, Lola our second visit and had a fantastic experience.  Serious pie was a few blocks from our hotel and exploring downtown seattle we passed it several times but it was always crowded, but we decided to get in early for our final night in the city.  We got there like ten minutes after it opened and the place was already packed and the host led us to a table in the back.  The decor was cool, it was a little dimly lit for my tastes but it's cool to look at the open kitchen, the glow coming from the pizza oven and the chefs banging out pies.  We were both psyched to try some AWESOME pizza, unfortuately our entire experience was about to be destroyed by who was probably the worst server i have ever had the displeasure of meeting.  This was in october and i'm pretty that if he treated other customers the way he treated us, he's been fired a long time ago.  There were two servers working that night, each had 3 four tops and 3 two tops, the table next to us was being workerd by the other server. We waited LITERALLY fifteen minutes for the douchebag to even acknowledge us and ask for our drink order, as he went to get our beverages we noticed that we hadn't even gotten our specials menu, the table next to us had so as he delivered our drinks we asked for the specials menu.  The table next to us, clearly sympathetic to our bad luck offered us theirs as they had already ordered, so as he came back and saw that the couple at the other table had given us theirs, he actually sighed and rolled his eyes at us.  I don't know what happened to this guy for him to behave in such a manner, I imagine he had probably walked in on his best friend banging his girlfriend a few hours earlier.  But, we were determined not to let this ruin our meal, being chefs we were both super excited about the pizzas we'd be eating soon.  They have a happy hour special where you can get miniature, appetizer sized versions of their pizza which was right up our alley.  We ordered the cherry bomb pizza and another with guanciale, poached egg, arugula and egg, with parmesan.  Our pizzas were prepared promptly and the cherry bomb pizza was fabulous: nice char on the crust which created an amazing chewy/crispy texture, flavors were well balanced, everything perfectly seasoned.  The other pizza was delicious too, save for a lack of Guanciale.  We took a couple of bites and then proceeded to tear apart the pizza in search of this fabled guanciale.  It wasn't there, which is fine as chefs my girlfriend and i knew that these things happen, people make mistakes, no problem.  So we informed our server that there was no guanciale in the pizza and he proceeded to tell us that indeed there was and that it was cut very thinly and underneath everything so we didn't notice it.  REALLY??? first tenet of service is that the customer is ALWAYS right so even if it WAS on the pizza he should have apologized to us and fix it.  Second of all we're chefs, did he really think we wouldn't be able to detect the flavor of PIG JOWL LEFT TO HANG IN A CELLAR FOR THREE WEEKS??  Well he asked us if we wanted another one and we said no, we'll just take the check (which warranted another sigh and roll of the eyes).  Upon giving us the check he said... and I quote "I spoke with the manager and the guanciale pizza is free of charge, but just so you know the guanciale WAS on there"  Wow, i guess he wanted the last laugh, so we gave it to him.  We tipped 20 percent just to show him that we were the bigger people, he was probably too dumb to even perceive that insult.  SO... 4.75 out of 5 on the food, some truly amazing pizza but A zero for service and the worst server i've ever had the displeasure to meetYum. Yum. And YUM! Totally found this place through Yelp. I wasn't sure what to expect and once I got inside and saw the very small dining area and very simple menu I was really concerned. Being from Chicago I expect my pizzas to be big and varied. This place has 4-5 pizza choices and they are all the same size. The appetizer menu is pretty brief as well, but we settled on the cured meats plate, which came with marinated olives, real parmesan cheese, and delicious Washington almonds. We got the sweet fennel sausage and roasted red peppers pizza and it was probably the best pizza I've ever had. Ever! Chicago and New York be damned. The pizza is absolutely, ridiculously delicious! You can see the pizza-makers pouring their heart and soul into each pie from just about anywhere you sit. The crust is fresh and perfectly baked. The ingredients are fresh and seasoned just right. I have absolutely nothing negative to say. On top of all that they had a great hard cider to wash it all done with. Serious Pie is truly serious about their pies! If you like really good pizza that isn't your standard fare, this is a place you want to try.We saw a write up on this place last year in the Seattle magazine Pizza edition and heard the buzz around town that it was really good, so we gave it a shot.  Went early on a Saturday evening with the kids in tow.  Atmosphere was nice.  A bit of a loungy feel,  maybe not the best place for kids, but ours were well behaved and as I said, we went early.  Staff was friendly and service was decent.  Food was pretty good, but WAAAYYY to expensive.  2 individual size pizzas, 2 salads, 2 beers should NOT be $81.  My husband even said he was a little hungry when we left.  And my son, who is 5 and not a huge eater, asked for a 4th slice, but we had eaten it all up already :-(.  Poor guy.  I'm all for spending a pretty penny on a great meal, but I want to walk away satisfied.  This is pizza!  Not expensive or complicated to make.  Guess I should have looked for a menu to check prices before we went.  OK pizza, Serious check at the end.