This has to be my #2 bar in Chicago.  Not only is it a great beer bar (they have the one of the best and most complete draft selections I have seen), but it's actually an awesome restaurant as well.  The only downside is that this place can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  If you go here, I beg you to be adventorous with your beer seleciton.  There is just so much to look over and coohse from, you'll find flavors you've never tried before.  The best part is that there is a beer menu on all the tables that you can look over without having to decide after you have the bartender's attention.  The food is almost as good as the beer. My absolute favorite is the CB&J.  Cashew butter, fig jam and cheese, with stilton mac and cheese AND house made potato chips.  Don't worry it's as good as it sounds.  Plus you get to wash it down with a Hefewizen.  Do yourself a favor and drink beer here.First time here, alway hear great reviews from friends and coworkers.   The atmosphere was the best part,  bar in front and multi level restaurant in the back. Had the Duck Ruben w/ fries which was great.  Wait safe was nice, if anything we sat up stair in the back area with a big party that was a bit on the loud sound.  But survived.I would recommend and will go againI've been here a bunch if times but only ever in the original front bar area. Sat at a booth on the new side last night and loved it. The lights are a bit brighter and the tables aren't quite as close so it has a slightly different feel than up front. Windows open, mellow music, and tons of sours and collaboration brews on tap made for a good time. Have the brisket sandwich. Enough said.Craft beer selection is 1st class. Had Tank 7 and Founders pale ale nitro. Duck Reuben was crazy good. I will be back to try so many unusual dishing on the menuIt was a selling point that our new condo was around the corner from this place. It is huge, with a bigger selection of awesome beer.  Inside, outside , front, back, upstairs all are great spaces . I've yet to have any bad food or bad beer.Great food! Better beer! Questionably challenged waiter...I tried to order an extra side with my meal and Ian, my waiter, said I was only allowed certain items. So when I found out I wasn't allowed to add brussels sprouts with the brisket, I tried to add a salad, and then I didn't get fries.Turns out, I guess I should have drawn a picture of a meal on a plate with fries and brussels sprouts next to a sandwich.TL;DR: If your waiter is Ian, I hope you're not too hungry.Went here for some beers and wish that's all we had here.   Had great service at the bar and excellent beer recommendations.  I'd give this place 4 stars but the food was just AWFUL. We ate dinner here on the recommendation of a friend.   I struggled to find anything appetizing on the menu which is rare for me. The food just completely lacked flavor.  Worst of all, our waiter was quite rude. Great place for beers with friends. Good French fries. Other than that, go somewhere else to eat.Excellent food and craft beer selection. The bar staff was knowledgable and helpful navigating the beer choices.Attitude!!! I took a group of people in town for a culinary event on a week night. After wandering the maze of can and can't seating options we sat at the kitchen rail. BTW it was a can't seat seat yourself. A great selection of beers but my porn stash sporting waiter rudely corrected my request. He was wrong and looked like an as in front of my party.  The large brigade in the open concept kitchen was a sight. They pumped out food at a furious pace. We ordered a number of small plates to share. Nothing really met my expectation let a lone exceeded it.I'm a fan. Plain and simple. DESPITE the lack of reservations (seriously?!? not everyone is there to drink). I love their mussels. I'm by no means a connoisseur, but I like 'em. I also like the atmosphere, the rustic interior and the french fries (= Also, there's an excellent beer selection, though I honestly couldn't care less. One perk here is there there is a private party room that can be rented (with a separate bar). I once attended a wedding party here, and I gotta tell ya....pretty, pretty, pretty, good.When I posed to the talk threads of the Chicago must-go-and-see places, a small argument came up and Hopleaf was the source.  I didn't know Belgium food could cause such a kerfuffle, but I guess mussels are nothing to joke about.It was a classic city vs. city argument - a who is better battle?  Hopleaf Bar or Monks Cafe in Philly? Instead of arguing about it, I decided to jump right in and form my own opinion.  Hopleaf put up a solid showing. The service and decor were both wonderful.  The beerlist was extensive and impressive.  The menu sounded too good to be true, but fell short a little.  The mac and cheese looked amazing, but didn't quite deliver the decadence I was looking for.  The mussels were good, but I have had better...and those were at Monks.  So just by a sliver, Monks wins in my heart. Don't take my word for it though - you can give both of them a try.Absolutely LOOOVE Hopleaf! Plenty of craft beers to pick from, a ton of stuff you've never heard about, in a really nice atmosphere. They have several bars, two on the main floor, one upstairs.I've come to this only for beers, but if you're looking to dine, call ahead or put your name in advance!The vibe here is good, its gets busy, but definitely one of my Chicago favorites in a nice Andersonville neighborhood.I usually come to Hopleaf during the week after work and never have a problem getting a table.  The place has a lot of seating and it always nice to sit by the opened windows during the summer.  The place is great to meet up friends and coworkers for a happy hour with a great beer selection!  As for food, I've had the mussels, mac n' cheese and the duck reuben.  The duck reuben was delicious and enough to leave you full; it was still good as leftovers for next day lunch.I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. The food was tasty; he had the tilapia sandwich, and I had the duck Reuben, but the stars are there for the drinks. I'm one of those people who has been trying to drink her way up and down Binny's beer aisles.  Hopleaf is making that a bit easier. Unfortunately, I'm also probably gonna end up drinking a lot more, a lot earlier in the day. Oh well.There's honestly not a lot I can add to the zillion reviews this place has already, but I'll say this much:  if, for some reason, my husband and I hadn't already been in love with the place we rented here in town (on the Red Line! right near Andersonville! tandem parking! awesome kitchen! rent $500 cheaper than a Lincoln Park equivalent!), its proximity to the quickly-discovered Hopleaf would have sold us on it.  Rumors of the beer list got us in the door.  But I'll be damned if it isn't also some of the best (and oftentimes creative!) food I've ever had.  Cashew butter and jelly sandwich?  Belgian-style mussels?  Earl Grey pot du creme?  Heaven!  And that's not even getting into the well-spiced and wondrous deliciousness that is their standard pub options, like fries and onion straws...It's not a place that you go every night; for one thing, the food tilts heavily towards the infamous Chicago "It's better fried in butter!" ethos, and for another, it's noisy and crowded to varying degrees every night of the week.  But if you're looking for a place that's practically the definition of "gastropub", this is it - great food; more beer options than you can shake a stick at; and friendly, prompt, and knowledgeable service to help you sort through it.  A thoroughly wonderful place to celebrate finding your new home - and to walk to multiple times from your new home in the months afterward!Two words...Beer  -  SelectionMore words...Public trans...Parking Sux!   Cheers!The End...We got there at about 7 pm on a Sunday night. It wasn't crowded and we were seated quickly outside (as we requested to enjoy the summer weather). I ordered CBJ. It was alright. Lots of butter. The filling tastes interesting but not filling. The chips were ok. The macaroni and cheese was very creamy and a little overwhelming after a buttery sandwich and potato chips. I thought the service was minimal. My friend got a salad. It was the tinniest salad I've ever seen that was listed as an entree. It looks way more like an appetizer. I would come back or recommend anyone here.The CB&J sandwich was amazing, as was the mac and cheese that came with it.  The house-made chips were a tad too salty but overall, a great meal.First off, I would like to say that my review is for the food. The beer selection at this restaurant is great; though that being said, you can get that great selection a ton of places now, and for a better price.My wife and I went here yesterday for our 2 year anniversary. It started off wonderful with some excellent drink, and an amazing appetizer. I was told about the special, a Walleye with an amazing sounding salad and I decided to go for it. When the food came it was so incredibly salty I couldn't eat it. Now, I will admit that I am sensitive to salt, so I had my wife try it, and she agreed with me. My plan was to send it back and get something else, but it took the waitress over 7 minutes to get back to our table. In that time the people sitting next to us sent a dessert back because it was too salty (a dessert!). By the time she got back my wife's food was gone, otherwise it would have been cold. Then it took an additional 5 minutes or so for my wife's wine to show up that she had ordered when our food was delivered. At this point we were hoping it wouldn't come because I just wanted to leave so that I could go eat some real food. Eventually it did come, and we drank it and tried to get out of there, but we had to track down our waitress again because she was avoiding us (or so it seemed).When it comes down to it, I guess I should not expect great food from this place. The beer is what I should have come for. But, that being said what sort of put a damper on my evening wasn't necessarily the bad food, but the way that it was handled. I get it that it sucks that two tables next to each other had the same problem, but that doesn't mean you can avoid the situation. You can be polite, energetic, and apologize. Overall this was a very disappointing experience, and I am very frustrated as I often recommend this place to friends, and have even brought friends from out of the country to here as an excellent example of how Chicago does beer and appetizers (at least).I'm kind of not into beers, but I'm really into cider beers. At most places I go to, they only have one or two ciders but this place has one of the greatest ciders in the entire world, Anthem Pear. All the bartenders are super great too, not to mention the beer menu is out of this world.  I'm not super into the food menu, but who cares when you can have the tastiest beers ever? Pretty easy to get a table and great atmosphere.Attitude!  Went here for lunch with my partner and friends. Great selection of beer. However the food had a very limited selection and was very mediocre. The staff seemed like they were too cool to be bothered. Our waiter, was unaccommodating. Although he got our orders right, had a bitchy personality - I'd asked to substitute the type of bread (on a made to order sandwich) and he was all put out by a request which is very simple for the kitchen to accommodate. I don't need the attitude. I won't likely be visiting again.Funky vibe, great selection of beers, wines and ciders on tap and in bottles.The front room is the old bar I guess as it feels like an old bar with many times painted over tin ceiling (now green) and big, solid wood bar with booths on one side and beams in the middle of the room - it all gives the place a very old school feel.Three more rooms which we peeked at since we ate in front by the windows, looked even nicer - with completely different feels as others have mentioned.The back room has large windows that look out to a patio/ deck area that looks like it will be inviting in the summer. A long thin room to the south, accessed behind the bar, from the back room, looked much more like a new wave Chicago restaurant with the open kitchen along one wall and tables both in the front and along the open kitchen. A mezzanine upstairs was large and open as well.The food was outstanding and reason alone to return. The duck Reuben was terrific and even better than the very good corned beef on rye. Once again we had amazing thin, crisp and liberally salted French fries that were addictive.Zombie Killer Cherry Ceyser (no typo) on tap was a cool, slightly sweet and crisp alternative to beer served in a nice goblet.Weekday lunch service is not full - you order from the bartender and someone brings the food but does not take re-orders or drink orders nor do they check on you - you are on your own.We will be back to taste other delights!Went with my man on a Saturday night around 8pm. The restaurant was packed and they said it would be about a 30 minute wait. We went upstairs and the bartender was really cool and knowledgable about their beer selection. He let us try a couple beers before we picked what we wanted to drink. 1 hour later we were finally seated. Ordered the charcuterie plate for an appetizer with duck liver mousse, prosciutto, and  summer sausage. Summer sausage was standard and not anything special, the duck liver mousse was melt in your mouth excellent and served with toasted bread.I ordered the steak frites for my main dish and the bf ordered the mussels with chorizo. The mussels were tough and overly salty. The only flavor was in the chorizo and that wasn't even very good, just hot. The mussels were also gritty like they weren't washed properly. I ordered my steak medium and it came out way over cooked and cold. My frites were also cold as well. Our food was dropped off and no one came to check on us for at least 25 minutes. Our water and beers stayed empty.  When our server finally came back I told her my food was cold and over done and she didn't apologize at all and said she would bring me a new order. I told her that was okay we just wanted our check. She took the steak frites off of our bill. Over all it was a bad experience and we wouldn't go back. Bad food and bad service. Only deserving of one star because of the appetizer and bartender.To be clear, if we were rating this place purely on their beer selection it would be TEN STARS...however we were hungry & decided to eat as well... Beer Choices for the lady: Three Floyds Zombie Dust & Goose Island The Ogden. Beer Choice for the man: Goose Island Bourbon Country Vanilla Stout----FROM 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Appetizer: Charcuterie Trio: Rabbit Liver Mousse, Country Duck Pate & Pork Rilette.Entrees: Organic Montreal-Style Brisket Sandwich (hubby) & Duck Reuben Sandwich (Wifey) both served with their signature frites & aioli. Dessert: Lavender Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Pistachios, Blackberries, Lemon Curd & Graham Cracker. Dinner started off lovely, we were offered a seat @ the "kitchen bar" with no wait time- pretty awesome for 8pm on a Saturday night. Having worked in a restaurant before (wifey) it was pretty awesome to be that close to the guys "on the line" making the food we were going to be eating shortly. Hubby went straight to the beer list and hugged me immediately due to his over excitement from the awesome selection of beers on draft. He was also drawn to the "Off Menu" Beer in the pad-locked beer cooler near our table. We ordered our 1st round of beer, Zombie Dust for me & thankfully hubby asked if they had anything off menu, our server Dan recommended the Bourbon Country Vanilla Stout, which happens to be hubby's FAVOURITE. Upon discovering it was from 2010 (the only year this variety was made) there was only one option- to order it :) The appetizer selections were great, we were really happy with the country pate & pork rilette; however, the mousse selection our server recommended (because it was on special) was sub-par. It had a weird goatcheesey texture and was our least favorite. It would have been nice if we had some extra crustini pieces for our plate but we survived. We were really excited about brisket & duck; however, both were somewhat disappointing. The Duck Reuben had very little actual duck, sauerkraut or any of the other items supposedly on the sandwich. It did have an abundance of gruyere which i was happy with but that was about it. Maybe the brisket wasn't supposed to come with any sauce, lord knows it didn't have any. The bread was plain and it was smothered in whole grain mustard (NOT LISTED ON THE MENU) hubby was upset to say the least. Both of our sandwiches came with their signature frites- as a potato connoisseur i wouldn't rank these high on my personal list. They were overly salted-over-ly-salt-ed.... SALTEDDDDDDD!! Hubby felt as though his tongue was "assaulted" har har- do you get it? Anywho- the Goose Island Ogden I (wifey) had with my entree was the saving grace- it was the first time I've had this type of beer and it was really yummy. I will definitely be ordering it again :) The unlikely hero of this meal (outside of the beer of course) was actually dessert. The lavender really came through the taste of the panna cotta which just melted in your mouth. The pistachios, blackberries, lemon curd & graham cracker melded perfectly with this dish, needless to say- we almost licked the plate! Hubby (the beer connoisseur) said this paired perfectly with the Bourbon County Vanilla Stout :) Overall a good experience, we'll be back. The atmosphere is fun, loud but not obnoxiously so. Next time we might explore the entree menu, mussels, prawns & more pate, will definitely steer clear of the sandwiches, and will absolutely do our best to save room for dessert :)We came here for beers on a Friday night, 3 of us, great service and drink selection. Going back tonight for our 10 year anniversary dinner, can't wait!Obviously, great beer list, but then again, that is pretty common these days.  Lots of sours, which I enjoy.  Great atmosphere, fun and lively.Good food, sandwiches are solid, good frites, mussels overcooked, which I never understand, it's so simple to do.  For the most part, you will eat well.    I no longer go out of my way to get here, but still, I'm always happy once I arrive.Rabbit, Duck and Pork were ordered. This being my first visit, I sought the advice of the server for food selections and beer. She was kind, knowledgeable, and spot on! So don't be afraid to seek help deciding what to order.Back to our choices - The Rabbit was surprisingly not gamey. Hearty, flavorful, and  a I really enjoyed the presentation. For entrees, my date and I split the duck and pork belly. Wow. Just. wow. There wasn't anything new on the plate, but I felt as if I was trying something new for the first time. The server was kind enough to suggest beers that complimented our meal, and for a few minutes my mouth and tummy were in heaven!It is also worth noting that our wait was only about 15minutes. We did arrive a bit late, but date noticed that Hopleaf must have gone through an expansion recently, because there were 2 or 3 dining rooms in the back of the building and upstairs. So get in here as quick as you can - your tummy will thank you!Currently sitting here on the second floor. The patio is open, perfect summer breeze. Easy to have good conversation with my best friend over drinks. Not too loud. I dig the decoration and low lights. I drink whiskey, but my girl is into craft beer. She can have a field day here. The bar staff is on point, never behind my needs. Out of all the bars I visited in Chicago this weekend, this one was my favorite.Finally got a chance to come here! What you heard is true the beer list ridiculous, there's even a table of contents on the beer menu. The list puts yardhouse another fav of mines to shame! The spots really cool multilevel with a beer garden, more intimate room and a reg chill bar setting, there's something for everyone. The food is good but not great i wished there was more selection but whatever. My only complain is that there are no TVs. If your trying to watch a game forget about it there's not a tv in sight. But with good company and good beer you will have nothing to worry aboutCame here yesterday for a quick snack and a beer with a friend. We got the charcuterie and frites. Their beer selection is great and the waitress helped me make a decision based on what I generally like. This place loses a star because the waitress, while she helped me pick a good beer, totally forgot our order of frites and didn't stop back for almost 25 minutes to check in with us. Also, the busboy was super anxious to clear our table even though there was clearly still food to be eaten. I'll definitely come back for the ambience and the food.The hopleaf is awesome. They have an amazing selection of beers and drinks and an equally amazing menu. Personally, i love their mussels.It is the perfect summer spot, really open and breezy layout in addition to their cute patio. They even grow hops in the back. Great place and worth the journey up to Andersonville!I split most of my time socializing between Logan Square and Andersonville. Hopleaf and Simon's are my go-to spots in Andersonville. Grab dinner at Hopleaf and belly up to the bar at Simon's for glogg and you've got the perfect night!It used to be too hard to get in to Hopleaf for either a dinner or just drinks until their recent expansion. The exposed brick and gorgeous industrial beams make for a modern yet warm environment. I like that this casual tavern goes beyond your standard fatty bar food. It beats most other spots in town having had an incredible beer list since their inception. I go for the mussels, frites and pair my meal with a Tripel Karmeliet. Ah, heaven.I would like to start by saying that this place has a very good reputation for having a very fine quality mussels. I really recommend the mussels, any of the two options are great. The other two things on their menu that we tried were just okay. The tilapia sandwich was under seasoned and plain boring. The fries that came with the mussels were very salty. We mentioned it to our server and he just said that it was probably normal and didn't even bothered to try to fit our accommodations. Their service is not attentive at all and we never felt welcomed. They should be more enthusiastic when they get a table of younger people too, I mean we also pay with U.S. dollars right?. It is a shame that a place that deserves 5 stars for their great mussels to only get a three generous average because of the lack of customer service.However, eat mussels!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are amazing.What is there left to say about one of my favorite establishments in Chicago?  It's true, it's as good as they say it is.Get the White Wine Shellfish Broth Mussels.  Just shut up and order it.Ironically my food tour group stopped here for drinks only - no food. It was described to us as the "Raleigh Times" of Chicago so we had to check it out! Definitely comparable.I would recommend ordering some local brews here and enjoying the company of friends.What a great place!We aren't from Chicago, so on our way to Hopleaf from the metro line we were not sure we were in the right place. Luckily we trusted our recommendation and made our way over to hopleaf. Such a great atmosphere! The decor was perfect for a place that served excellent beer with a wide selection of American, Belgian and Belgian-American brews. Food was decent but nothing I would recommend as amazing. The bartenders were not very friendly and the people clearing our plates didn't even wait for us to finish eating or drinking before coming in to take our plates. Luckily the patrons and atmosphere made for a great vibe.This the place to go for an extensive beer menu of the best of local microbrews...on tap.  And to pair these beer selections with awesome food that you wont find anywhere.great atmosphere...spent half the time in the back bar eating appetizers and drinking, then we got a table for dinner.  It hard to leave as we got there at 6pm and didnt leave until nearly 10pm.  love the mussels, sausage platter for appetizer and brisket sandwich dinner.Absolutely terrible service. The bartenders were incredibly rude and were mocking my friends and I. I ordered the pork belly (which is one of my favorite things) and it was a piece of white fat. I know pork belly is fatty, but this was all fat. The color was white!!! I asked for something else and the bartender came back twice to tell me I should never order pork belly again because that was a perfect piece. The other bartender then told the people next to us the pork belly was brand new on the menu that night... So they should have accepted the constructive criticism on a new item instead of making me feel terrible for saying something. All in all they made us very uncomfortable and what could have been a nice dinner turned into a terrible experience because they decided to be obnoxiously rude.Since Hopleaf expanded a couple years ago to double its size, it is an even more enjoyable experience. I prefer the new side, it's more open and bright with the removable windows. The draft beer list is unmatched in Chicago, maybe anywhere. They not only have a huge quantity of beers, the quality is superb. There is another beer bar in the city that might actually have a similar number of beers, but you end up finding only one or two you like. The owners of Hopleaf have unique relationships with breweries around the world which allows them to get beers you can't find anywhere else. The food is excellent, and you definitely pay up for it. Eat at the bar if you don't want to wait for a table. It would be nice if they offered a burger on the menu. The staff is helpful, professional and fun to talk to.I *love* the Hopleaf! Yes, it can get crowded, and you might have to wait for a table. Parking can be a real pain in Andersonville. And it's annoying that they card you as soon as you walk in, which is kind of annoying (um, do I really have to fumble with my gloves to fish my ID from my pocketbook?) All of this can be forgiven, because the drinks, food, and vibe are PERFECT. Not too hipster, not too fancy, this is Goldilock's ideal bar, if she were a just a few years older and enjoyed Belgian beers.The beer list is extensive- you can find a variety of imported beers along with local microbrews. They have a full bar, so if you're not a beer fan, you can get a mixed drink or cider, too. Everything is well priced- the more expensive options are higher alcohol content or imports. The food is all delicious! I love to come here for drinks and frites, and their duck rueben is the best I've tasted. Whether you're going out for a girl's night, celebrating a birthday with a big group, or looking to indulge in some comfort food and drinks after a hard week at work, this is the place. The new section is very nice and usually less crowded than the front or upstairs.Hands down, one of my top 5 places to go in Seattle!!! Excellent beer and my all-time favorite is the mussels & frites dinner!!! SO GOOD!! Very busy most nights, especially on the weekend so definitely be prepared to wait...but I promise, it is worth it!GREAT selection of beer and good service!! They have outside seating when the weather is nice and the atmosphere is very cool and relaxing. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Try their Revolution Rosa drink!!A-OK pretty much sums up the experience here. Neat place, I liked the decor and atmosphere. It was pretty loud and very crowded, but no major complaints. Order the JK Scrumpy Cider. Delicious!!! Best cider I've ever had, hands down.Sadly, that's where the "I'm so impressed!" feeling ended. I ordered the duck reuben sandwich with pommes frites (fries). The menu described a cranberry cream cheese with it, but I tasted none of that. Dang, I really love cranberries, and cream cheese. Duck was fine, needed some fat trimmed off but was tender and juicy. The fries were not impressive; I found them acceptable for bar food but a little too crunchy and short. I had a little indigestion after this meal; not sure if it was me or the food.Oh Hopleaf.  I remember when you were just one room with a jukebox.  And I never had to wait in line.  And I could chain smoke to my lungs content.And then you expanded into the back room.And then you bought the building next door, and started serving delicious yummy goodness.And then the crowds showed up.  But oddly, I have never had to wait in a line.Hmmmmm.  Are you magic?And then the bar.  You really do have about 49,000 different types of beer on tap.  I'm glad for that.  And whats that? If it's not on tap you have a bottle of it in the icebox behind the bar? Oh wonderful!**nb, don't ask the bartender what is on tap.  No matter who it is, or how sweet the bartender is - they will just ask the next person in line what they would like.  It is your ONE job as a customer to do a little bit of homework before you approach the bar.  Don't fail.I love the feel of this bar.  Even though they grew, it still feels cozy.  Room after room, of just plain old coziness.  And it is fairly dark, so no matter who you go with, by the time you drink a few beers - they are even more attractive.Win win Hopleaf. Well played.Go, drink, have fun.A spacious place which is not seen from the sidewalk, check it out. The Sausage Plate w/ German potato salad was yummy (needs a bubbly & refreshing beer wingman), skin-on Pomme Frites are tasty, salads are small & pretty lookin. Now, the beer list or I should say vault of imports & domestic crafts (draft or bottle) could wet any beer palette into memories of Mmmm.A Chicago born must! A beer lover go to. Also, Mussel Lovers- Here is a price you can't miss and the taste you will always remember. Came with a girl friend in the beautiful town of Andersonville on a mid day afternoon on Friday. Came early enough to sit at the bar and get attention right away. Beer menu highlights local breweries and it was interesting to see how many breweries I haven't heard of being born and raised in Chicago. They also have a list of Belgian beers which were my favorite. The list isn't overwhelming, and our bartender was more than knowledgable helping us choose what to try. We were able to sit for a while sipping on our beers and we never felt rushed. The brussel sprouts made me have an extra love for veggies. And the mussels for one were good for both my friend and I. I think that is what this bar is known for. Will def. recommend to anyone visiitng  Andersonville!Hopleaf: What more can be written, or needs to be written, that hasn't been written?The only sort of disappointment to expect out of Hopleaf is the scouting and waiting, the hemming and hawing, the vulture-like circling  for a table that has sadly not be alleviated, but in fact exacerbated (through increased demand, one assumes), by the spacious additions to the south of the original room.It's a damn great tavern, with a panoply of beers, fantastically-selected and reasonably-priced--while, on top of it all, the sandwiches are incredibly gratifying.The boy's favorite thing is beer, my favorite thing is fries, neither of us particularly likes kids, and so this place is perfect for both of us.It looks smaller than it really is -- we've never had trouble getting a seat. The fries are crispy and plentiful, the beer list is long with the beers served in their proper glassware, and they didn't kick us out when we played cards and sipped beers and munched frites in the back room for a couple of hours the other day. Also, I get carded. Extra half star for carding me.Fancy beer, great food and location?  What could go wrong?  The service.  The round faced bartender with the shaved head and glasses blew me off, twice.  Yeah bowling shirt dude, you are lame.  What happened?I asked a bunch of questions about the three ciders, "Do you offer flights?  Could I have a taste?" "No," he walked away and served some women.  Sure they were pretty and I am square.  But I wasn't done asking questions, nor did he let me order.  Enough?  No, he's a dick, there's more...I asked for malted vinegar for my fries. He replied, "Sure, I'll chase that down for you."  He walked away to take care of some dude in skinny jeans and a plaid shirt.   The other bartender walks over, "Can I have some malt vinegar?"  "Sure thing."  He turns around, grabs the bottle, it was right behind him.  Then he offers, "Would you like anything else?"One guy spoiled the whole experience.  The bartender, the dude that most people interact with, sucks.  Hopleaf, I was a fan, and happy to drink your diverse pricey beers, in your very cool room.  However, I will never come into your restaurant if this dude is working. He blows.Yes, lame bowling shirt dude, you suck and you blow.Not bad, but not my favorite.I admittedly do not frequent Andersonville often, so I don't know if the prices are normal for the area, but the food seemed a bit steep on a few items. Steep as in a dollar more than I thought they should be but that's 12.5% more than, in my opinion, it should be. Particularly on the few items I could order due to allergies to fish and seafood.If you've read my other posts you know I don't drink beer, so it is assuredly a suicide mission to go to a beer place and be happy. But beer places usually have a selection of ciders too. Hopleaf has two, one in my price range which wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.What was great was the cabbage salad and the service. Our server was attentive and gave us space all at the same time. Our plates were clear as soon as we were done and they always checked the bottle before they took it (which is a bad experience if you've ever had it). I also ordered the malted milk cake, which was very light and fluffy but again it seemed pricey for what it is. My friends ordered the tilapia and the duck Reuben, they both liked the food but neither loved their meals. The beer drinkers got to check off a lot of their brews on the app they all have. So if that's your mission, I encourage you to go and drink to your heart's desire.I've had two things bookmarked for sometime:  Hopleaf Bar and B Nektar Meadery.  Since the meadery is located in the Detroit area it was far out of sight and far, far out of my mind.  That is, until I sat down at Hopleaf and saw B Nektar's Cherry Cyser on the menu!It's tart, it's sweet, and it's not a beer or wine, but "oh Moses, you've been drinking honeywine!"  For $8.50 I can't complain, because it's a lot cheaper than going out to Michigan to see what it's all about.The beer menu at Hopleaf is the most overwhelming one yet.  There are lots of really great choices.  Although I did make my decision somewhat quickly, I didn't want to miss any of the other options and read the menu thoroughly at least twice!There is more seating than you would assume upon walking in.  If you walk down the narrow hallway there is a pretty dining area that reminded me of a shabby chic log cabin.  We grabbed a booth up front, which has more of a "bar" feel to it.  You do have to order at the bar, there is no table service, so placing an order can be a bit hectic.  However, the bartenders are friendly and relaxed here.We also had some food, the onion rings (more like onion strings) and the bread pudding, which are moderately priced and just okay.  I'd recommend eating elsewhere, but the beer at Hopleaf can't be passed up.Nothing lacking about this experience! Our Thursday afternoon was fabulous. We enjoyed the sunshine and the incredible service that Daniel gave us. We will definitely be back..... Or not leaving!!!Came here on a date over 4 course dinner with beer pairing. It was an excellent treat. The fries are awesome. Its GUILT FREE! just promise yourself extra 15 mins at gym the next day. We sat in front of the chef, and was not only surprised by the delectable cuisine but also by watching the art of creating it. And try my favorite Kwak beer with Kwak rabbit.Hopleaf gets busy on the weekends! But you have to know the special secrets of the place. Like...that upstairs...way upstairs on the 3rd-ish floor there is more seating and it has it's own tiny little bar. I preferred this area as it was less crowded and less loud than the main floor. I was super excited about going to Hopleaf as I peeped the beer menu prior and they had a 5 Rabbit on tap that I hadn't tried before! After getting in and greeting my friends, I marched right up to the bar to order my brew. Sadly, their website is a liarface and no 5 Rabbit was anywhere to be seen. Sigh. Thankfully, they had many other beers on tap including a ton I have never tried before. I settled on an Oatmeal Stout after seeing a few people the past week have it on Untappd, followed that with a personal favorite Golden Monkey and rounded out things with Two Hearted & Gulden Draak. All good choices that I enjoyed greatly. The bartenders were all super nice & lovely, but I particularly liked the upstairs bartender....nice, older gent! Overall, Hopleaf has the kind of chill vibe and crowd I like so I had a truly lovely evening.I was having such a fun time with my Yelp friends at the UYE on Friday that I completely forgot to eat! The good news is Hopleaf has a fabulous beer selection that I'm sure will draw me back in quite soon.I got extremely sick after having lunch here. I believe the onion rings were the culprit that caused the food poisoning. I was vomiting for hours after only a couple hours. Regardless, I think this place is way overrated for what it is. "Gourmet" bar food is a bit of an oxymoron for me. I would skip this place and head to Lady Gregory's instead.I really love this place, in the way that I kinda dream about it sometimes during the week but I wait to go until the weekend for fear I may over-indulge.  No seriously, this place is great.  SO many great beers AND ciders AND wines on tap.  I love to sit at the bar and just look at the fantastic glass collection, get a Kwak and bask in the awesomeness of the glass alone!Our first beer in the big city. We met up with Jon's aunt who lives in the city for a drink. Hop Leaf is her favorite spot so we had to check it out. We loved it. Just our sorta thing, beer, beer and more beer! There were several familiar name on the list so that was exciting, and a few new ones to try out as well. She gave us a tour of her fave place and it made me love it even more. The history in the building was awesome. The owner just kept it growing and expanding and adding on until it became what it is today. Very cool! I tried a Dog Fish Head 61 minute. I knew what a 60 min was, but never have I heard of the 61 min. Yum! You must try it if you see it!Very cool place and I would love to come back again some day!Absolutely delicious bar food! The fries and dipping sauce are so so so good! The sandwiches are heavenly too -- I've had the CB&J twice now and I can't stop thinking about it. Excellent beer selection. It can get pretty crowded at "normal" bar times, but if you go at a less popular hour, you will have a more pleasant experience.This is a great place. They have a hugebeer selection, and plenty of space. The only negative was that the food was not amazing. I got the CB&J and found my bread to be almost burnt, and the macaroni to be cheesy but lacking in seasoning. Not by any means the worst meal I've had but I thought it would be better.Also, we went on a Saturday night around 6:30 (and I'm not sure if the rules are different at different times of day), but be aware that you have to go up to the bar to request a food menu and order. We didn't know that and were (awkwardly) sitting and waiting for a server.Overall, a cool place to get a casual drink in Andersonville..but the food falls a touch short...they definitely get points for creativity and intent though!We love Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, who doesn't? We love that show so much we make it a point to try out any restaurant featured that is in Chicago, or in  a city that we're visiting, and usually Guy doesn't disappoint us..... usually. This visit might be the first. The space itself is great. Big, open, nice artifacts on the walls. Our service was amazing. We sat at the bar, tried a few samples before deciding which beer we wanted to go with (their list is pretty incredible). The food however, wasn't what was pictured. I know, I know, everything looks better on tv. We specifically went there for their brisket sandwich. When it was shown on DDD, our mouths watered at the sight of it. When we had it in person, not so much. It wasn't as generous of a portion, and the bread was a rye bread, not what we were expecting at all. Overall, it was a nice lunch. Would we go back? Yes. Because of the service. Would I get the brisket again? Probably not.I'm reviewing this as a local who literally wants to come here weekly. It's a lively bar atmosphere. They have an amazing beer list, wine on tap so that's fun, amazing food. It's Bib Gourmand Michelin rated which means a person can have (I think this is right) and appetizer and entrée and drink for under $40.00pp when dining.I would actually think someone is crazy if they don't go here!I'm in love! Seriously, can't wait to go back!!!I keep a list of places I'd like to try and Hopleaf has been on there for a while. Knowing that they are known for their beer list, I purposely held off going here until after I'd given birth and was back on the beer wagon. As you can see, this entire mentality left a lot to the small chance that I wasn't over hyping and over expecting something from here.I didn't. Hooray! It lived up to every ounce of excitement I had going in. The bar is quaint and cute. The bartenders were super easy to talk to and I almost would have hung at the bar versus sitting at the table with my group. The beer list is phenomenal and the prices aren't too shabby either. We were sat after a very short wait at a table for 8 in the back. I just loved the vibe of the whole place. I ordered the mussels and sadly our server forgot to bring them out and by the time she came to the table to check on our meals, we had all decided to forgo the forgotten mussels altogether (my only complaint). My duck reuben and frites were outstanding and alas, I still had room for mussels so that became dessert and I am very glad they did. Not everyone at the table was into them, but I blame that more on their lame palettes and not the tasty dish. I requested the onion strings along with them since I'd already had the frites and that's the way to do it. They were crispy and flavorful, but delicate and not overly greasy.If I lived closer and didn't have kids, I'd be here constantly. Since I do have kids and limited opportunity to get out, I look forward to the next time I can return. Hopefully it will be before 2014!Hopleaf, the name speaks for itself around Andersonville.  There are several great beer bars on Clark street such as Jerry's and Acre to name a couple but no one can hold a torch to Hopleaf.  Back in 2011 my then fiancé and I were thinking of moving to Andersonville from the south side to be closer to her work and the very first place we tried was Hopleaf as I had read several reviews raving about it.  I was sold immediately with the extensive selection on draft, the friendly bartenders, the classy old school feel of the atmosphere, and the delicious food.  I can't believe it took me so long to write a review but to sum it all up, if you like craft beer and live in Chicago and haven't been to Hopleaf, you need to make a trip NOW!Long before the craft explosion and subsequent prevalence of certified beer cicerones at almost every decent beer bar, there was the Hopleaf in Chicago's Andersonville neighborhood.It has grown over the years and expanded but the love of finely crafted beer, Belgian or otherwise, remains tantamount. The warm and cozy surroundings of every room are  right in the wheel house of anyone who enjoys Fine Beer in comfortable environs.This is the first great beer bar in Chicago and remains as one of the countries finest.If you equate good beer with your traveling experiences do not miss the Hopleaf.The boys and I came here on Sunday for dinner. If your entire party isn't present, they won't seat you!Aside from waiting 20 minutes for BOYS to get to the restaurant (so much for girls taking forever to get ready), I had a nice time. I asked the waitress for a beer similar to Goose Island's Green Line and she recommended something like No' Mo'? I'm not entirely sure because it wasn't on the menu (a lot of beers were checked off the menu actually). The mussels were good but I don't know if they're the best I've ever had. Very tasty though! The bread was incredibly hard. They have a beer and cheese soup that was delicious! Very luscious and creamy. The service was good albeit the hostess didn't look happy at all while I was waiting. She looked bored, annoyed and all-around uninterested so I didn't want to annoy her by making small talk. Thanks for the mussels! Even though I'm all the way on the south side, I know where to go for mussels up north!Five stars for food, ambience and of course the drinks. I have to mark it down one for the service... not sure why but a lot of the servers in the Hopleaf seem to have an attitude problem. There was a time when I asked for an extra fork for our mussels.. I hadn't seen that there was one under a napkin and the guy got all snotty with me and said 'what's wrong with that one' - fair enough it was a mistake on my part but still.. lighten up! Also my parents were visiting from overseas, we'd been going on about how fab the mussels are at the Hopleaf and we lived super close at the time, we ordered drinks and two orders of the mussels to share. 45 mins later we checked on our food and they had forgotten to put the order in by that point the kitchen was closed. Now we were all starving but we didn't complain but wanted to make sure the food wasn't on the bill. Omg.. what a drama! The server firstly didn't apologize for his mistake but then proceeded to snap and say it was our fault for not following up earlier! There's been a few other issues but I'll stop ranting. My hubby and I had our first date here so it holds a special place in our hearts and the mussels are phenomenal so I'll forgive the sometimes rude service!Beer selection is phenomenal! Having sat on the periphery of the kitchen near close (11PM), I can attest they do a great job at scrubbing every square inch of all surfaces!With the Duck Rueben, I found the taste to be good, if slighly overpowered by the sauerkraut and cheese. There were some tendons in the meat, but nothing unbearable. The pomme frite that came with it were great while hot, though a bit on the short and dried-out side. The aioli certainly saved the day, having a stronger hint of garlic than the average aioli I've tried.The place is very nicely decorated, with tall ceilings employed in just the right areas. I do want to check out the 3rd floor nook next time, now that I know about it!Come for the beer and stay for the food at this classic gastropub that won't disappoint beer lovers or foodies.Being a total beer lover, a visit to Chicago required a stop at this famous venue that offers a large variety of over sixty beers on tap and dozens more in bottles.  If you can't find something you like, it's your fault.  I was impressed that one of my guests was unacustomed to craft beers was helped by our server and finding a beer she likes.  Too often at places like this when they get a n00b, the staff roll their eyes and say "it's all good".  The server made our job much easier.  The variety here was stupendous crossing all genres of style and region served in proper glassware with detailed explanations (I almost didn't have to check my beer ratings guide, but why stop old habits)Although beer is often a meal, for some strange reason man cannot live soley on beer alone.  Darn nutritional requirements!  The signature appetizer here are the mussels but we opted for the onion rings which really are more like onion straws.  It's mostly a mound of thin sliced onions dunked into a fryer with some breading.  No complaints here as it was tasty and a bargain at $3.00 for the portion we got.  Beer and grease go well together.For the main course, despite the meaty options, my dining companions got the vegetarian option instead.  I allowed this :-)  Everyone at the table got the exact same thing because it was so darn irresistable--the CB&J.  Chunky cashew butter, along with fig jam and creamy cheese.  It sounds like peanut butter and jelly by definition but it tastes more like grown-up grilled cheese as the ingredients all melt together as the bread crisps in a pan.  It's absolutely delicious but comes along with a ramekin of stilton grilled cheese and fresh made pub chips.  I really hate to see what my arteries  looked liked after this: proving the point that vegetarian food can be both tasty and not terribly healthy at the same time.  This dish was absolutely amazing but next time I'm going to opt for the grilled mushroom platter.  The atmosphere here is a pub so it can be noisy as well as very busy at times, so this isn't the place for a quiet and relaxing meal and service can be a bit slow as the crowds ebb and flow but I was always asked if I wanted another beer after my glass emptied (yes please!)I'll definitely be back on my next visit to Chicago and will need to workout my liver to be able to try more than a few beers on my next visit.It's difficult for me to think of a more complete establishment that caters to everything I love.  I have to caution you: Hopleaf gets VERY busy.  They do not let anyone in  who is under 21, and you MUST present ID.  Don't try to take a baby here.  Don't try to get in without your ID.  Try not to go there on a Friday or Saturday night - it's like shopping on Black Friday.  Well, not quite, but the only reason it is so crowded is because it is amazing.  OK.  Now that I have that out of the way.  Hopleaf is not just a good beer bar for Chicago, but it is literally world class.  They fill 60 something taps with some of the most amazing and unique beers around.  They have beer dinners (the head brewer of Dogfish Head was in attendance for one I was at), and they have beer schooling in their upstairs room (well worth attending).  Their food is really good and reasonably priced.  I feel so lucky to live within walking distance of one of the best craft beer bars in existence.  Shout out to the amazing bartenders.  They take a lot of crap (I saw a man scream at a bartender to bring him a "Goose Island" over and over.  They had 4 on draft and a huge selection in bottles).The atmosphere of this place is just as wonderful as the food! We originally heard about it on Diners, Drive ins, and Dives and since we were on vacation, we wanted to hunt it down! The food here is amazing! We had the Reuben and the ham sandwich, one with fries and one with onion rings. Their onion rings are the thin string ones and are amazing. The garlic aioli sauce you get - well lets just say you may need two! The beer list is never ending, which my boyfriend appreciated but for me I was all about the wine on tap! Great prices and the staff makes you feel so welcome here! Don't feel rushed at all and definitely a place for any crowd, party, or tourist!We started w mead.  I had the polish one and my friend has the zombie killer.  Both good.  The polish one was a bit syrupy.  Mussels w fries for 2 - 4/5 Pudding bread - 5/5CB&J- very rich & full of flavor.  Not as sweet as u would think.   Very unique to hopleaf Duck - very interesting.  Prob won't get it again but was out servers fave 3/5Whitefish - good and unique flavor pairings.  Hearty mushrooms w pickled veggies.  Very good 5/5We love the atmosphere.  Vintage posters.  Sitting upstairs is a def plus as it's quieter & fun.  A little gem.The beer, the food, the patrons - worth it. My barkeep experience - not at all. I'm tired of lumberjacks with crappy attitudes.My boyfriend was so excited to come here but we both agreed we won't return. Just like a previous review stated, we never felt welcome. No one acknowledged us when we walked in. It was almost creepy quiet in there and everyone stared at us. I mean everyone. Overall a strange crowd with an even more strange door guy (he got there after we did). We had planned to eat there, but had one beer and left. This place, all around, wasn't great and it had everything to do with the service...or in this case, lack of.Legit menu. I am not a beer drinker (or a big drinker in general), but the food was delicious. Especially the french fries. If I go back, I will try the steak.The food was much better on this visit to Hopleaf. I steered clear of the mussels/frites after my last visit, and was pleased with a salad and three appetizers (and the beer, of course -- I loved the seasonal ales on draft).A cauliflower salad was inventive, flavorful and well-balanced. Ditto a duck confit crepe -- rich and delicious. The sausage plate featured a couple of good sausage (1 chicken?, 1 beef?), but the accompanying beans were way undercooked. Potato & gruyere croquettes were above reproach. For dessert, a red current semifreddo was nicely conceived & executed, bright yet luscious. Beans excepted, a tasty little feast, indeed.Our server was helpful and efficient, and the main dining room was quite cozy as a result of a roaring blaze in the woodstove (a bit too roaring, actually -- my sense is that the fire tender had not been well-instructed).I would have gladly given four stars rather than three, but for one major flaw: the lighting was way too dim; when each dish arrived, I had to check it out with a flashlight to determine what it was and how to best attack it. I just don't get why the lights were so low -- the room is charming, there's nothing to conceal. And with food this good, why not show it off?Great atmosphere, great drink selections. Haven't had the food but everything I've seen looks good.One of the best, broadest draft beer menus I have seen after much exploration. Plenty of sours, wilds, and other non traditional styles to complement a solid selection of more traditional craft beer styles. You will not be disappointed whether you're a beer geek or casual craft beer drinker. Food-wise, I had the duck reuben, and despite high praise in other reviews it fell completely flat for me. The cheese and sauerkraut completely dominated the duck, forcing it to be a textural element at best. In the end, it tasted like a simple cheese and sauerkraut sandwich. Your local Irish pub reuben probably has has more complexity and depth of flavor. A Flanders red does complement it nicely, though. Fries were okay, but certainly nothing special. The service at the bar was great. Bartenders were friendly, polite, prompt, and good spirited.My favorite place to get a craft beer in Chicago. It's big--complete with at least 4 bar/food tops; it's beer selection is excellent; and its food was pretty damn good. Put that in Andersonville, and it can't get any better.I come here for their mussels and frites. Both are simply divine. In addition to great food, Hopleaf has an AMAZING beer selection. (In case you are new to my reviews, I only use capital letters on special occasions).This place has a cool atmosphere. The staff is also extremely friendly with great service. The beer list is also great (NOTE: Gumball head on tap!) and I'd definitely go back to try more drinks.On the other hand after hearing so much about their food from friends, I was quite disappointed. We ordered their appetizer special (grilled octopus) which wasn't bad, but it wasn't my favorite. I ordered the Venison Osso Bucco which was pretty juicy, but the flavors were definitely doable at home. It came with fried polenta which was the best part of the entire meal. My boyfriend got the steak frites which was really disappointing. The steak was extremely dry and the best part of that meal was the outrageous amount of fries on the plate. We pride ourselves in licking our plates clean, but this was food we did not fell was worth boxing up.I'd definitely come back here and try more appetizers and drinks, but the food wasn't a personal favorite!Huge bar that goes way back and up beyond the first room. Huge draft selection, and even wines on tap. At least three different bars and 4 different seating areas with very different feels/volumes/seating options, so it's like 4 bars/restaurants in one. Friendly staff. LOTS of good choices on tap that could keep me trying good new beers on many visits, and the staff is nice about letting people taste a bit before going in for a pint. Prices are reasonable. No problem getting street parking nearby.Some of my friends and I came to Hopleaf for some after-dinner drinks.  This is a tavern and they have two seatings, one downstairs and one upstairs.  If you like beer, this can be a place to check out as they have quite a selection, even ones that are flavor/fruit-infused. I tried the blackberry infused beer which was pretty interesting - I'm not much of a beer drinker, but it had interesting taste with a slight hint of blackberries. The atmosphere was positive, and the service was pretty laid back. It also gets pretty jammed pack in the evenings - I'm glad I was able to check this place out!1.  The food is incredible.  Go there.  Eat.  Love.  Mussels.  2.  The beer list is very impressive.  I'm not a beer snob, but I know a few beers that are out there, and the beer list is well rounded and seemed to have something for everyone.3.  Our waiter was strange.  He was one of those waiters who doesn't seem like a waiter, but like the cool guy who lives next door to a waiter and just sort of stepped in to get some extra money for his road trip to Portland.  You know the type.  Anyway, it was sort of like ordering on a waiter's first night on the job, but mixed with 'all the confusion is my fault.'  So the service left something to be desired, particularly because this is the "I'll have another beer!" type of place and the bill can creep up, which usually means a good rapport with the waiter.  Not here.This place is great, loved the space, scene, vibe, crowd, food, servers outdoor garden and anything else I missed. It was a beautiful day. We sat in the outdoor gardoen under these massive umbrellas which made the space cozy and comfortable.  The food was OUTSTANDING!  I had some home made sausages with fingerling potatoes and a garden salad, most of my friends fries and dunked a delicious bread into the sauce for his mussels, which was orgasmic.  I'm not a beer drinker, which is there specialty so when in Rome....!  The server, was very sweet and mellow and turned me on to a local beer brewed about a quarter mile from the restaurant.  Though I forgot the name it was perfect for my meal.I was really impressed with the open kitchen and the chef's banging out such killer grub in such a little space while beer swilling dudes and dudesses slirped down local swill directly across from where they were cooking, almost at eye level with each other.  The crowd was current, authentic folks just hanging with friends and enjoying the here and now.  I'm a fan!I now live right down the street from Hopleaf so I've been there a few times.  The first few times I only went there for drinks.  It was amazing then and then after I had their food, I am obsessed! Their beer selection is out of this world but my favorite is the wine on tap! Really delicious and special! The mussels remind me so much of the ones I had while I was visiting Belgium that I want to go back every weekend just to have them and relive my oversees experience.  They are seriously so good!! The only thing I had here that I didn't find outstanding was a pork belly charred radicchio salad with blood orange.  I thought that the pork belly was cooked very well but the charred flavor took over the entire dish so much it was hard to taste the pork belly.  Mac and cheese, open face roast beef sandwich, frites, onion rings, sausages, duck rueben-- all great choices!I been here twice now.  I heard about this place through several people now.  Most people rave about it because of the craft beers.  And they do have a very extensive menu.  I tried the Toasted Ham.  It was okay, the pumpernickel bread is not the best choice for it because it is a dark bread that looked burn to me.  The Ham sandwich was nothing special.  I've also had that house made chips, too greasy and salty.  I would not get this again.  My second visit here rubbed me the wrong way.  I thought the server was a bit rude because when we wanted to have drinks in the dining area, he said that we could go to the bar area for that.  I also asked him for a dessert menu, and was completely ignored since he did not bother to bring me one.  I was did not really feel welcomed here and felt like we were just an inconvenience to the server.  In my book, that was pretty much telling me to get the hell out of here.  That's a 2 star experience, but I'd average it from the time before and give it 3.Went for the beer, it's a nice place to chill with some friends. The beer selection is great, so many to try from I didn't know what to get.I wish I lived closer so I could go to Hopleaf far more often. Fantastic beer list and food menu. Get the mussels! I shared the mussels for one (along with the charcuterie plate) with a friend, and they were fantastic...probably should've ordered mussels for two. The back patio is awesome, and worth the wait in my opinion.Another good eat in the area of Lincoln Square, the Hopleaf has a great selection of beer both on draft and bottled.  Whether you like porters or ales, stouts or pilsners, you will find something to like and at a very reasonable price.  The food is also delightfully quirky with interesting takes on classic dishes with meats like duck in place of the more common beef.  The food is good, the price fair, and service good.  I'll certainly be back.One of my go to places in the city, it consistently delivers. The beer selection is unmatched by many and the prices are very reasonable. The food is great as well. If you're dining with two people, the mussels for one is plenty of food to share and it comes with a ridiculous amount of frites. For food, order the mussels and CBJ and you won't be disappointed.For beer, this place is great if you like a good selection of Belgian's, but they also have a good selection of non-Belgian craft brews as well.Amazing beer selection, delicious food. I recommend the mussels and the steak rivals the steakhouses Chicago is known for! The beer selection is great and I found myself having a difficult time narrowing down one to order. So try many!! The main dining room has a cozy fireplace and it was too cold to enjoy the beer garden, but it looks like a nice place to enjoy the Chicago summer. Definitely worth checking out! You won't be sorry!This place is filled with chitchat and laughter. Good sign to bring your friends in.-Great selection of beer!-I love their mussles!!! nomnomnom. They have 2 selection of  mussel sauce, one is beer battered and the other one is curry . I chose the curry ones bec I'm into spicy food.First of all I want to punch my friend in the face for telling me Hopleaf had great steak (I'm not a  violent person).  There was way more grizzle then meat.  It became a sick  joke as I watched my girlfriend spit out all the grizzle and slice around  it until there was just a pinch of meat to taste. She's  not even  that picky either.  GRRRR!!! 2nd, I should punch myself in the  face  for buying a 32 dollar steak at a place that is not a  steak place. 3rd , I would like to say  something violent about  my  server ,  but I read the  yelp guidelines and it said not to make any threats or anything of the sort.  He made me angry  and made me feel like doing violent things.  He was an  a-hole from the start.  It was clear that he was not happy about serving food. Then acted like it was our fault for making a complaint about the  steak.   Dude, You, your brown elephant brown flannel shirt and  your grunge  snobbery are so so "OVER"!  Your attitude brought me into a blind rage.  I'm over it though.  I'm hoping they get the hint and dump you so  you  can get back to your fixed gear and go around hating people like me.  I tipped you because it's not really  your fault that the steak sucked donkey and I know you heard me calling you a useless piece  of .... Anyway they probably won't post this, but I feel better now that I  got it off my shoulders.  The steak was  garbage and no where near worth  the cost, and the service was  horrible.  The place  wreaks of  conceit. I never wanted it to be this way. The  beer was great.Hopleaf:Go for the:- Atmosphere. Dive-y, local bar but with class.  Is that possible? In Chicago, it is.- Beer selection.  Went from a local Half Acre to a Belgian Hommelbier and went to the coast with an Anchor Steam. If there was a passport for beer - I stamped it.- The table shared the mussels as an appetizer (Belgian-style - flavorful, rich and with a little kick), and I ordered the Brisket sandwich (thinly sliced but PACKED between two pieces of sourdough. Tender, juicy and delicious!)- Service.  We sat at a large table by the bar, so we ordered from the bar.  All nine of us, each one wanting to have our own tab.  The bartender was so cool about it (I know that request has a lot of them rolling their eyes), but she was awesome and patient.So, maybe not the cheapest place to eat, but the food is amazing and the atmosphere for large groups is great.  Also, its right off Clark so its easy to catch a cab at the end of the night.Hard to add to the 1000+ reviews that already exist, but this is a staple in Andersonville, and possibly in the city in the Chicago. The highlight here is the beer, the beer, and the beer. Thousands of selections of both domestic microbrews and imports. The food is hearty and meat-oriented, even though there are a 'few' veggie options. The food is good, but not spectacular. The ambience is wonderful, and with the new expansion there are a total of 4 unique rooms, plus an underrated outside patio for the summer. It's impressive that even after expanding and doubling their size, the place is just as busy. This place is an establishment so expect to fight for real-estate.The food is amazing and drinks are great. The beer list is extensive and good for any mix of people. The back patio is beautiful in the summer. Definitely spring for the mussels for two when waiting for a table.The duck reuben was a standout, as was the aioli served with the fries, but I wish the fries were cut for adult-sized hands (not the kibbles and bits served in our mussels cone holder), I wish the "onion rings" were actually rings and not onion straws--almost impossible to put a pile of these in your hands--and I wish I had not ordered dessert, because the Earl Grey pot de creme and the truffles were not very tasty.  But I loved the space and I'm guessing this is a great time on a weekend evening.  And, although I'm not a mussels guy, my wife thought the mussels were good, with the bacon-based sauce being better than the beer-based ones...and the hot bread served with the mussels was phenomenal.i can write the shortest review and anyone who knows what i am talking about and visited this place will know what i mean and why i gave this place 5 stars"this place has the best selection of belgian beer i have seen anywhere".Now, the only thing that caught my eye about this place initially was their extensive beer menu specifically the belgian selection because i love them and they are my favorite kind of beer.When i entered the place, the doorman was reading poems and checked our id and that is one memory that will stick in my head forever as i had never thought of such a thing happening.My wife and I seated ourselves at the bar and a waitress came to us quick to take our order. the options were so many and i felt delighted to be just presented with so many of them.As we were hungry we also ordered some food. The CB&J sandwich is delicious and the frites are very good too. i got 5 beers as i just had to have them all. my wife got 3 and i loved the unique glasses that each beer came in.Since then i have been here twice and i have had dinner as well, but the beer has been the main reason for my return. My friend who had the mussels also loved it and raved about it.I also, heard that they have been expanding on a constant basis and the balcony over the back room looks like a beautiful place to have dinner with your partner.Whenever i get a chance i am returning to this place and is currently my top watering hole in Chicago.Wow, what a treat. Had been turned onto this place by numerous people through out the Chicago area, so I had to make the stop. First of all, we came here for the beer. We heard they had Angels Share on tap, so it was worth the cab ride to get there, and get home safely. The Angels Share (Brandy barrel) was fantastic, and not overly priced. It was a small sized glass, 6 oz. for four dollars. I wont argue with that. They had some really nice sours on tap, and some other greats in the bottle. Not an overwhelming huge selection of tap beers (quite a few), or bottle beers, but concise and quality. Some real thought went into what to carry and what not to carry.We sat in the loft style upstairs, over looking the dining room below us. Busy, busy place. We were seated right away, and was happy to be upstairs rather than down. We had a nice lil corner table, out of the way, where we could discuss our beer and food, and not feel like we were in the way. We had the charcuterie sampler, and it was fanstic. The food was a bit pricey. The tap beers seemed moderately to a bit over priced, but they can get away with because of the selection. I will return for sure. I was very happy with the beer, and the food. A must see in Chicago.EDIT 06-23-14:Since my original review which was published here in 2013, but written in 2011, I've returned numerous times and love the Hopleaf.  Would and do recommend it to hundreds of people a year.  It's a must stop!There's so many reviews, I find a pro/con list is easiest to sift through in situations like this.Pros:*Vast beer selection *Able to accommodate my celiac disease diet (not a whole lot of choices, but they know how to prepare it safely if you talk to them)* Great atmosphere. One might call it "Rustic French Lumberjack Chic"*Gluten free french fries! *Reasonable pricing for most menu items *My ribeye was awesome, perfectly cooked.Cons:*Food sometimes disappointing.              My grilled baby octopus was over-salted and definitely not the best I've had.          For the price point, I expected a expertly prepared dish.                Mussel were reportedly quite salty as well (NOT gluten free BTW, cooked in beer)*Waitress appeared quite uninterested in providing excellent service. It wasn't awful, but more of the kind of service you'd expect at Applebees, not a highly rated gastropub*No gluten free beer. SO much beer, but not a drop for celiacs to drink. Very sad. I hope they include some of the great up and coming GF microbrews!Just like my girl Kim I've been Tardy for the Party in terms of my Hopleaf review.It's been a long time since I went to Hopleaf and was fortunate to have the opportunity to return last weekend.  The expansion is nice, as it's pretty expansive and almost like walking into 3 different bars/concepts/dining areas.  Nice job on the expansion, Hopleafers.We quickly realized there was no staff on this side, so despite having tables and booths, we had to go to the bar to order.  No biggie, actually.  The beer list is awesome and I thoroughly enjoyed my 5 Rabbit draft.  What was surprising was it cost $25.50 for three shots of Jameson, or $8.50 per.  I could get the whole bottle for that price.  And probably a couple of spicy McChickens to go with it.Pretty full but not uncomfortably full on a Saturday night, so I guess that was a win.  Love their list of Belgians, and it's a good place to go if you're in the area.We swung by this little hot spot for a couple of beers after arriving to town late on a Thursday night. It wasn't too crowded - we managed to get a table right away - but they were only offering service at the bar. This made sense, though, as there would have been no way a waitress could meander her way around all of the tables. They were very close together. They have a great beer list. I would definitely recommend swinging by here for a beer with some friends on a weeknight. I feel like it might get a little claustrophobic during the weekend. I would love to go back sometime and try to food/ beer combos!GREAT FOOD STOP!crafted beers... they ID you even at Noon.Hopleaf has an awesome menu of draft and bottled beer.  The food ain't too shabby either!  It's great that they have doubled in size and have a back patio.  Both are great.Each beer has a wonderfully written description of what expect when you enjoy each sip.  The menus are nicely organized by type of beer / flavor profile so you'll end up where you need to be by the end of the night.If ever you have beer snobby friends you want to impress, bring them here!Delicious beers and delicious food. Nothing to say about that. However, the service is not that great. We were first seated in a very awkward spot--very isolated. There were not that many people there so we asked to be seated somewhere else and the waiter did not seem to appreciate it. He then was not very friendly throughout our dinner. The ladies serving the food and taking the dishes were extremely nice though.Food is alright, but if you are a beer person, this is your spot.  I can't get enough of this place and their selection.  It's exquisite.  Seriously, if you like good beer, GO HERE.The Belgium style muscles were awesome.  The beer selection was great.  The staff's beer knowledge was very helpful and he recommend Zombie Dust to my friend which quickly became a new favorite.   If you have some time to kill in Chi-town, check this place out.My girlfriend and I LOVE this place.  The food is great, the vibe is fantastic, especially outside in the patio at night.  Very romantic place.  Take a date here.  My girlfriend enjoyed my Duck Reuben, until I told her it was duck. :\The low rating reflects the quality of their lunch rather than the bar experience. I know I am kind of asking for it when I go to a bar for lunch, but still the dining experience is bad.The mussel needs more white wine, way much more. It probably goes well with the beer but not taste so good per se.The duck sandwich is dense but also tasteless. The appetizer does not come when we sitting there idly and hungrily. The food took way much longer than one would imagine at 1:15 PM. The bar tender said that they got a party going upstairs but I did not quite buy that...Also, the price tag is a bit spendy.I don't know what I was thinking with the 4 star review because of the food menu.  It may not be large but everything on it is a winner, and it changes frequently too.Bars really don't get much better than Hopleaf.If I ever make it back to the Chicago I will have to make a pilgrimage back to Hopleaf.Hopleaf is a cute little bar on a strip of cute little shops and whatnot, so this is the perfect place to grab lunch when exploring this part of town.  The has a nice bar area and then you walk through to a two-story dining area.  You definitely don't expect it to be so big...and somehow it still feels really intimate.  The design in there is really interesting with huge windows, lofty ceilings, and a sweet collection of beer posters.The beer list is INSANE!  They have a bunch of drafts and a bottle list that will make you go cross-eyed.  There's something for everyone here and they're really good about breaking them out so you know what kind of beers your looking at.They obviously have an amazing beer list because one needs a great beer to go with great food.  Holy cow, the food.  It's a little bit pricier than a bar but it's worth.  every.  penny.I got the CBJ: A cashew butter, fig, and I'm pretty sure some sort of cheese or something all on a fried amazing sandwich (came with chips) and this was an experience for my mouth.  I was also able to try a duck reuben, mussels, and some sort of sandwich (I don't remember exactly maybe roast beer? whatever it was I would have eaten the whole thing) and every single thing was 5 star deliciousness.  Great portions!Again, if you are anywhere near Hopleaf, I implore you to have a beer and a sandiwch or mussels.  Your soul will thank you.Getting drunk never sounded so fun. I came in here PLASTERED, and ordered a weird beer I didnt like. Then the bartender was nice when I said I didn't like it. It was also the last beer before they changed the keg so it tasted extra weird. I then mumbled something like, "I want to have a beer like they made in the 13th century, Westminster Abbey style, you know like the monks made? With like vitamins in it cuz it was all natural and stuff dude? You know? And also it was like naturally fizzy cuz it was like really naturally fermented, you know? Dude?".....5 second pause and stare at me...."I have no idea what you are saying, but try this one."It was good. I sat down and didn't talk for the rest of the night.Gawd . . . the Toasted Nueske Ham sandwich. My "Death Row" meal. So good. So buttery. So . . . hammy. So naughty. Washed down with a crisp, cold Lapinette cider . . . OMG. I'd eat these things until I weigh 400 pounds. Gawd DAMN. I feel fat just thinking about it. Fat and HAPPY.Find me here most any Sunday afternoon.Went here on a perfect summer day, we sat on the patio in the back under an apple tree. The service was great, the food was great, and the beer was great. I can't complain!  We had the mussels with frites and aioli as an appetizer, I had the porchetta for an entree, and my girlfriend had the rabbit. The food was prepared really well. It's definitely not just bar food, it's a nice menu. I love the atmosphere here and would totally come back!I came here with a group on a Sunday night and it was fairly busy but we got a table right away. The food was good and the beer was great. They have a great selection, not the most massive beer list I've ever seen compared to some 'craft beer bars' but everything on it is really good and more reasonably priced than a lot of places. 3 Floyds Zombie Dust on tap was a nice find. I ordered the Montreal-style brisket and it came with a mountain of fries. This place is definitely a bar first, restaurant second and based on food alone I'd probably go with 4 stars but overall, no complaints.I don't like beer but I really liked Hopleaf. And I was feeling socially lazy and awkward and I STILL liked Hopleaf. You know how sometimes you might feel out-of-it and then those grimy glasses might negatively tint your opinion of the unassuming restaurant? Well, Hopeleaf shone right though!There are at least four separate dining/bar areas - each with their own personality. We sat in the second dining area, right after the bar. The ceiling was two floors high and there were exposed brick walls. The atmosphere was like a pub/loft and very casual; however, the servers were dressed nicely.Speaking of servers, I liked ours very much. She won me over when I explained that I don't like beer and that I lean more toward martinis, port, and ciders and she made several marvelous recommendations. As wonderful as she was to me in that moment, my group felt as if she was a bit absent toward the end of our visit when we wanted our bill.The food was all WONDERFUL. I agree that the CB&J was really stellar. I got a roasted cauliflower salad that hit the spot, but my friends got a bunch of other things. Even the pickle was delicious. I wouldn't have expected such delicious foods from a pub that specializes in beer.Thanks to Hopleaf, I know that there's a place for me to go to enjoy BEER (because they have beer that I LIKE) and food in a fun setting. Oh - and even though it was busy, we could all hear eachother easily without shouting. It was nice.I was recently asked what my favorite restaurant in Chicago was, and I can't really answer that question because they are all so different, but the BEST meal I've ever had (second to Girl and the Goat) was at Hopleaf.  I came here to eat for the first time about a month ago and forgot to review it, but I was back last night, and it is still phenomenal.On a Tuesday night at 7:15ish, I got carded at the door and went to the bar to wait for my friend to show up.  I know the beer list is extremely extensive, and I wasn't in the mood to make a decision, so I asked for the bartender's recommendation around IPAs.  He poured me a Zombie Dust, which of course, was on point.  My date arrives, and we are seated immediately, but the only options are by the kitchen at the bar or a small table across from the kitchen.  I thought it would be extremely loud, but it wasn't.  The service was consistent throughout our whole meal, never was I in need of something.The first time I was here, I shared the mussels for two with a friend.  Not wanting to mess with perfection, I ordered the same thing--mussels for one in curry sauce.  They were just as amazing as the first time I had them.  My favorite place for mussels used to be Lauriol Plaza in DC, but now it's Hopleaf---and thank goodness because it was getting expensive having to go to DC every time I wanted some good mussels!  The curry sauce has amazing flavor, and I love the large bits of lemongrass.  They serve the mussels with a giant portion of frites & aioli, which is spot on, and two rolls.  If you ask, they will bring you out more rolls.  I mean, one of the best parts is soaking the bread in the delicious sauce.I would love to be able to eat here every day, it is that amazing.  If you haven't been to Hopleaf yet, you are definitely missing out!The beer was decent. The service was terrible. It took 15 minutes for our server to even ask us if we wanted a drink, then another 10 to actually receive our beers. We had intended to eat, but she never asked us for our order or offered us additional drinks, so we just left. It was pretty busy and we were in the corner, so maybe it was just easy to forget about us.Awesome selection of beer and wine on tap, yes wine on tap too.  Bar people are on it here, efficient and courteous.  Chill atmosphere, came here for the booze not the food, so my review is limited to beer.  Street parking is pretty feasible in this area during the week, weekends mos y menos.Great food, great atmosphere, great beer/cider selection!!!My wife and I were extremely happy with our visit to Hopleaf.  The sausage plate appetizer is a must try!  The steak frites and brisket sandwich was perfectly prepared and just what we needed.  I hope to return soon.This place is a lot bigger than you first think - walk all the way back to the dining room. There's also a patio.We made the mistake of sitting outside in 95 degree heat. To say the least, I was miserable. And unfortunately that tainted my experience.Big beer selection - something for everyone.I had the CB&J that comes with chips and macaroni and cheese. It was way too hot to be eating something like that. I felt ill afterward. The sandwich was pretty good, but I feel like it's paired poorly with the macaroni. It's too rich - you need something green or acidic to cut through it all. And the mac-n-cheese was only OK - nothing to write home about. Hubs had the reuben, which he said was good, but the duck reuben at Goose Island is a tough one to live up to. The fries and aioli are amazeballs. We should've had some for an app.For dessert we had the olive oil cake, which was actually pretty bad. It had a pistacchio ice cream that literally melted before our eyes, so I'm not sure how good it was. We should've passed on the whole thing.I'd be willing to come back here to try again. And on a better day, sitting on the patio would be lovely.I have been to the Hopleaf on another occasion and thought that the food/beverage selection was pretty good. My first experience was mostly pleasant aside from the server who was extremely inattentive. Yesterday I was meeting some co-workers for lunch. When we arrived we were asked to show ID. I had mine however my friend did not, mind you everyone in the group was clearly in their late 20's-30's. My friend tried to explain that she wasn't going to be drinking, (she is very pregnant!) and just wanted to eat and have a water. Keep in mind the table we would be sitting at was directly NEXT to the hostess station so they could "patrol" my friend if the staff truly felt the need. The response she received was absolutely unnecessary, extremely rude, and condescending. Their exact words were, "We are a bar fist, and we can't have you here." My friend and I simply turned around and walked up the street where we were graciously welcomed to another BAR might I add, where my pregnant friend was WELCOMED with a water in this sweltering heat. Bottom Line: If you're looking for a polite/customer centric experience, DO NOT go to the Hopleaf.I had heard about Hopleaf for years, but it is in a bad location for me because I live in the Northwest suburbs.  This makes it a really long drive for beer drinking and it is too far from the downtown train hub to be practical.But enough bitching... One Saturday afternoon I finally made a day of Hopleaf.It is on a busy street, but there was a fair amount of parking available on the side streets.  Unfortunately, it was metered and required me to pay for two hour blocks of time.  This may be the norm in Chicago, but I don't drive here often.  So I was really irritated that I had to leave the bar every two hours, walk a block and buy another two hours.Getting to the bar, we walked in and there was a guy at the door checking ID's at 1PM in the afternoon.  I was a bit surprised that I got carded since I do not look even remotely close to 21.  Perhaps my youthful looking wife was the reason.We parked ourselves right at the first bar.  There is another bar deeper into this place, but we were happy with our selection.  The lighting is subdued and there is lots of dark wood.  This is my kind of place for drinking beer.Hopleaf has a fantastic beer selection.  I don't remember exactly what I had, but that just means that I had no trouble picking something... over and over.  I was kept busy for about 6 or 7 hours.The afternoon bartender was friendly and helped us through all the questions that new people probably always have.  She also made sure to keep our water glasses full.  Mature beer drinkers drink water and I appreciate bartenders that don't act put out by that.  The bartenders who came on later were less friendly as they were much busier since the crowds had started packing the place.I noticed that other customers were required to give a credit card to secure a tab, but for some reason they trusted us.  Maybe it was my grey hair or trustworthy face.  In any case, I appreciated being trusted to settle my debts.  I don't like being treated as if I am going to steal something.I had some food, but due to all the fantastic beer I don't remember all of it.  I did take notes on two items.  The onion tartlet was tasty and different.  I had never had anything like that before and I would get it again.  The frites that everyone raves about were fine but nothing special in my opinion.  Skinny fries served with seasoned mayo... I could take them or leave them.During the hours that I sat at the bar, I had conversations with several other customers as they came and went.  Everyone I met seemed friendly and it made my experience at Hopleaf that much better.Overall I enjoyed my day at Hopleaf and I wish there were places like it out in the burbs.  I would definitely go back, but I don't know when I will make the trek into the city again.Judging my the name (sorry), I didn't expect much. This place is pretty cool. It has character, good beer, service, and food. I tried a couple things, but what really stood out to me is the bison. I thought I would hate the bison when my friend ordered it. Anyway, I would definitely come back. Gotta love quality beer!I came on a Saturday night at about 7 and still had to wait about a beer and a half for a table, but that was in no way an issue with the beer selection at hand.  I did feel like I was crowding the bar and the pathway there, but everyone was nice and it just meant I got to stand around and drink a delicious Maudite and start a fantastic G'night Gordon.  We were taken back to a larger dining room that I'm told is newer (previously inaccessible part of the building).  It was an awesome setting with a high ceiling and a wood burning stove to keep things toasty.  Sound carried and made for a good ambiance, but you could hear the people at your table well.We had the famous Mussels with fries and a duck reuben with "onion rings".  The fries and the onion rings were both fantastic in their sauces, but the onion rings were very finely cut (like the burger topping at Tom & Eddies) which I was not expecting.  They were delicious, just not what I was in the mindset for.  The mussels were fantastic too and soaked in an delicious butter, oily, water and came with some bread for dipping in the tasty juice.....That duck reuben though.... oh man!  I'm a reuben fan and I make a pretty mean one.  Variations on the meat usually don't go as well as I want, but this one was just right and possibly, dare I say, better than corned beef.We also enjoyed a zombie dust that was SUPER freshy fresh here.  I don't think I've ever had as potent of a grapefruit flavor, even cracking a bottle a couple of miles from FFF.  I had a couple of other great beers also, but I can't recall.  I'm sure it doesn't need mentioning that if you want good beer you can get it here.Amazing place for a beer snob like me!! They have all kinds of imported beers that I had never heard of. I knew it was a quality beer place when the trashiest beer was Guinness. If you want to get a seat in the front room, definitely arrive before 9pm. It gets very crowded very fast. Whenever I eat there, I always order the CB&J. It sounded really odd, and something that's not "normal." That's why I ordered it and I loved it!Hopleaf is a fabulous spot. This place features an impressive tap beer selection which specializes in both craft beers and belgian beers. Ditto on the bottle selection. Wines are on tap as well and while there is not a large selection they have been chosen with care. The ambiance is cool with a slight hipster vibe. The bartenders in the front room were friendly and professional. One of them was an older lady.  Kudos to you, Hopleaf, for having workers  from an older demographic. Before I departed I had to eat. I had the Brisket Sandwich and a side of their Mac and Cheese. While the sandwich was fine, I have to say the Mac and Cheese was utterly divine. Can not wait to return.After going to Too Much Light Makes the Baby Go Blind, my friends and I went to this bar to grab a bite to eat. What a surprise because it was amazing! Nick and I both ordered the Duck Reuben, served with pommes frites. The reuben was on marble rye, pekin duck breast, a cranberry cream cheese spread and house-made sauerkraut. Each bite, I was able to get the full flavors of each ingredient and I loved it! The best part though, was the dip that came with the fries. It was served with a garlic aioli and I could probably put that sauce on anything and it would have been amazing!While the food was great, the service was kind of iffy because they wouldn't let us go to the actual restaurant portion. They didn't make it clear to us taht we couldn't argue and the club portion was super cold. It was a really packed bar, with a great selection of alcohol and I think it is a great place to stop by!The Hopleaf Expansion is really cool. It's still hella crowded, but the expanded rooms are really sweet, featuring a few nooks of small two-person tables, a long high row of  communal tables, and smaller booths by the back bar. Vintage beer signs give the space an old school feel, kudos on the details!Grabbed a booth in the backbar with Daphne L and hubby, Dan G. and wife, on a busy Saturday. Bell's Hopslam is back, and although I'm happy about that, the 8 oz. pours had us ordering two at a time. We were so lucky to grab a booth by the back bar, but the whole area has no waitstaff; a complete mistep by Hopleaf, as a room of 30 people then need to get up and order food and drink at the bar. That seemed to bug both the people sitting at the bar, and those seated at tables that have no wait service. I'm sure an unemployed Waitress would love to work a full room on a hot Saturday night! Win-Win!The menu, itself, is a bit expensive. The mussels were good, but it was hard for me to find something that I actually felt like eating while drinking. Decided on the Brisket sandwich, and it was more like Corned beef with a horseradish sauce, Dan told me it was Montreal style. Well, I wanted Texas style brisket, dagnabbit! (Insert Simpsons' Crazy Oil Man, here). The frites were outstanding.Overall, I still see Hopleaf as a solid 4-stars.I came here last night with a large group of people and had a great time - the food was decent (I got mac 'n cheese and a sandwich - both were fairly average but reasonably priced) and the beer list was fabulous. There are 30+ beers on draft, and the selection ranges from local Chicago brews to some harder to find Belgian options. My choice (a beer with hibiscus, ginger, and palm sugar) was amazing. Plus the service, despite the crowded atmosphere, was fast and pleasant. I don't think I would come back to eat, especially with multitude of fabulous places in Chicago, but I would certainly come back for the beer!Hopleaf Bar certainly was hopping! The place has been remodeled and it can accommodate many people as it is two floors and an outdoor balcony for when it's warm out. What I didn't love coming into this place was a guy checking id's, like that was his only job. I mean I understand it's a bar establishment, but it's also a restaurant and people chose to order drinks at their table, the servers and bartenders should really be checking them. Oh well, I won't overly fuss about that topic.While we were waiting for our friends to join us, we got some drinks at the bar. I asked for a blue moon but better recommendation and I got the Mort Subite from Brussels which was mildly tart, refreshing and fruity without fruit. That beer alone was able to hit me hard, but it was very tasty and pricier than most of their beers here for $8.00. My hubby got some blondie ale beer, not sure which one, but that one was just okay. But there overall selection is huge, get the one I got and you won't be disappointed but there's definitely lots to choose from if you are picky.Now onto the food, I saw that they had the quail as an appetizer on their online menu so I was really excited to try it. Kinda a fail since they didn't have it in the restaurant, well you probably should update your menu then. We shared the duck reuben sandwich on toasted marble rye bread with their homemade sauerkraut and cranberry cream cheese. It was okay, nothing to rave about, looked better than it tasted type of thing, but a huge portion served with yummy pommes frites.Now the reason why you should come to Hopleaf bar and the only reason I bumped this establishment up from 3 to 4 stars is: the MUSSELS! Wow, I've had mussels in many places in Chicago, all over the US and even Brussels, and these were just fantastic, literally some of the best I've had, plump and for a single portion for $13 it's literally enough for two, but you should really enjoy and get the portion for 2 for $22. Plus, you get a huge helping of fries with it with a garlic mayo making it super yummy. Definitely a place to come to on a chilly night for Beer, mussels and fries. The service was okay as well, no real complaints there. Dessert menu didn't impress me and we were full from all those mussels so we skipped it this time. Will definitely be back someday!Fun place with a great atmosphere. I wish there were more vegetarian options, there is only one sandwich and that gets boring ordering the same thing every time.I love this super divey bar in Andersonville. It really fits the vibe of Andersonville overall, which to me is artsy, independent, and a little hipsterish. Actually I take back the hipster part and I will say "grungy". Think Nirvana and Pearl Jam.The beer selection here is unbelievable. If you like beer, you HAVE to come here. It's better than Pour House, better than Map Room, better than Small Bar. It's just something more exquisite. However, that being said, I will say the bar itself is a little run-down. There's nothing fancy about it. However, the food here is delicious!I had the mussels for one, and it looked like it was mussels for 14! seriously. So many delicious mussels served belgium-style, which is in a white ale with sliced celery and shallots. The mussels come with a huge thing of frites and aioli and a side of bread, which I gave to my friends because I am tryyyying to do this Paleo-diet (minus beer and wine :)). Who goes to Hopleaf when you are on the Paleo diet? Surrounded by hundreds, literally hundreds, of different bottles and drafts of the most delicious beer/cider/mead available? Me. Anyway, this is definitely my go-to spot whenever I have an event to go to in Andersonville. Beer connoisseurs MUST check this place out!I'm sure Hopleaf doesn't actually NEED my review at this point but here it is anyway.I like beer. Unfortunately due to an annoying intolerance of most of the things beer is made of, I cannot actually drink beer. I can have maybe one and if I'm very lucky won't regret it the next day. So with that out of the way, I'll just tell you that the bartenders at Hopleaf have never made me feel like some sort of idiot for ordering liquor in a beer bar.That said, their beer list is extensive, awesome, and I'm super effing jealous of all of you who can drink beer without consequences.I mainly love sitting in the downstairs bar, but upstairs, dining room, back patio, and expansion are all equally fabulous and charming. Service is stellar. Always. And the food. Mussels, onion rings, mac n' cheese, the list goes on and on and on. I'm still trying to come here when I'm actually hungry enough for a CB&J and I'm sure that when the day comes I will love it as much as I love Every Other Thing I Have Put In My Mouth at Hopleaf.So ya know. Go to Hopleaf. It's pretty amazing (it's also pretty reasonably priced given the quality and quantity of food you get). Go. Run. Now.I've been dying to go to Hopleaf and finally got the opportunity over the weekend.  We caught up with some good friends, drank, chowed and chatted.  Pretty nice little Saturday, or was it actually Sunday at that point?  I was told that we were in the expansion side of Hopleaf.  They've now got a lot of seating, and 60 beers on tap!  One of which was the Hopslam, which we all jumped at.  As my man Nachos called it, they sadly have no waitstaff service on this side.  I usually don't mind that when I'm across the pond, but it was pretty lame and damn annoying by the end of the night.  This is a crowded place and you'll have to elbow your way past people just to make it up to order.  Obviously food orders are going to monopolize quite a bit of the barkeep's time.  I also don't want to chance even dripping any of my beers on the return trip back to the table either.  That and the lack of taking reservations are my big gripes about Hopleaf.Other than that, we had a blast.  So many good beers on their list, that I probably didn't even get around to trying about a half dozen I had my eye on and it wasn't for lack of effort.  The food menu looked great too.  But, since we were just snacking we passed on the entrees and got the much ballyhooed mussels, brussel sprouts and beans.  The mussels and frites were fantastic.  I can easily see why folks rave about them.  Loved both of those, the sides were solid.  Even though I felt like we traveled nearly all the way to Milwaukee, Hopleaf delivered for us and was every bit as great as I had expected it to be.  Next time, I just hope the CTA has their shit a bit more together because there is no way in hell I'm driving up here and passing on their beers.Good food but rude staff. I can think of better places that will appreciate my money.I'm inclined to share when negative experiences turn into positive experiences, and mine at the Hopleaf really wasn't ever that bad. On a busy Saturday night, we snagged bar seats right away and ordered beers from the extensive tap list. The bartender was attentive despite some demanding customers bellying up behind us. We ordered food, and after a quick wait, the server showed up with two of the same dish instead of what I ordered. Our bartender instantly realized he entered the order wrong, comped my meal, and put my order in rush. He was extremely gracious/apologetic, I got to snack on my dining partner's fries in the interim, and my meal was tasty (especially the mac and cheese side) once it arrived not much later.Props to Hopleaf for being proactive about fixing their mistake, and for having the very unique CB&J to try.I wish I was a beer kind of girl, but I'm one of those on the rocks, shots, and wine gal. However, this place is heaven for those beer lovers and dreamers. The brews constantly change with the seasons and it can take you longer than 10 minutes to make a decision with over 50 different bottles or drafts. There's all types of brews from European to Belgian to your home town Chicago made. The bar area is small, but cozy, with our party of 20 or so we didn't quite fit but as people slowly left we were able to snag some tables and bar stools. The bad thing with having so many options is sometimes you might pick one and regret it, a few in our party did, but a few also found new love. As for a gal like me lucky I was able to get a glass of wine yelp.com/biz_photos/hopl… or is it a pitcher?A great place to meet up with some friends and chit chat, I'll have to try the food next time I'm here.Service slow. Food REALLY slow. Food good. Beer good. Guys, you've been around forever. For the love of god figure out how to serve a dinner on Saturday night.I wanted to love Hopleaf, but it didn't live up to its hype! Boyfriend and I came around 10pm on a Friday, so the place was crowded. We did manage to grab seats at the bar after a bit. I was afraid the bartenders would be pretentious, but the one we chatted with was super friendly and we had an enjoyable beer talk.I would have given this place four stars except for the bottled beer menu. It hadn't been updated in forever and after five attempts to order a beer he really wanted to try, my boyfriend gave up and went with a draft. If you don't feel like reprinting the menu, at least cross off what isn't available!And before I get any "You don't come to Hopleaf for bottled beer" blather, some of the good stuff wasn't available on tap!p.s. I would still come back. I need to try the mussels I keep hearing about!Great beer bar with great food.  I had the brisket here and would definitely recommend it.  Get there early or late though because the lines can get long fast.  I love the atmosphere here though.We live about 4 blocks from Hopleaf, so with the extra room in the back bar the hubby and I come here pretty often for drinks, chess, and some grub and we are never disappointed. 1. no TVs, this is not a sports bar, which is a great change of pace2. no kids or anyone under 21.  There are a fair amount of family friendly bars in A-ville and it's nice to have one sans the kiddies that doesn't make you feel odd when working on a buzz on your second strong beer.3. Delish food, muscles and fries for 1 or 2 are a great deal, sandwhiches are awesome, and the duck confit salad is a favorite.4. selection of beer, cannot get better.  something for everyone and if you don't drink beer, huge whiskey selection and generous pours of solid wine in  your own personal carafe.It's pretty popular spot, so it can be hard to get a table outside, but with the addition of the back bar it's not hard getting a spot.I want to live at Hopleaf.The beer selection is amazing. It's literally a pamphlet of beer.The food is phenomenal, though not the best place to go if you're vegetarian or vegan. When we told the waiter we didn't like one of our desserts, he took it off our bill with no questions asked.I want to be back all the time, but it was a tad spendy, so I think this place will become our "celebration" place. Love love love Hopleaf!My brother brought me here and I absolutely loved it. He insisted we would need to be ready for a long wait on a Saturday night but we got lucky during the a Blackhawks game and were seated immediately. I love craft beer and was sooooo overwhelmed (in a good way) by all the delicious beer on draft. Three Floyd's Zombie Dust started the night off right. The food was also delicious and unique. The rabbit was amazing and a fried plantain for dessert made my night. I can't wait to visit this place again.I haven't been to Hopleaf in YEARS, like a decade at least. We used to go all the time when we were in the neighborhood. I loved the cozy atmosphere. Somehow it felt different to me this past time when I stopped in. For one thing, it was daytime. I do love their selection of beers, but the atmosphere felt a little off. And there was a whole lotta fruit flies that were freaking me out, as well. I'm still game to go back to check out the menu, but it feels more like a night place than a day place to me, which is maybe what skewed my perception of this past visit.I really like the ambience of this place. There was just something about it that lacked pretentiousness even though initially I assumed Hopleaf was more of a posuer spot.  The beer selection is good. I found my favorite beers there (Matilda and Sophie) and had some dessert. The dessert was nice, a refreshing pear sorbet and pound cake dessert, I believe, that was very well plated.Whenever I mention that I live in the Andersonville/Edgewater area the person I'm talking to lights up and asks, "have you been to Hopleaf?!" Now I have yes indeed been to Hopleaf and I can see why people get excited about it. The first time I went was just for drinks. I was told about the extensive beer selection and they weren't kidding. My favorite part was how their menu gives a brief description of each beer so you know what you're getting yourself into. Prices were reasonable for craft beer I thought..everything I tried was delicious and served quickly despite the crowd.My second visit to Hopleaf was for dinner (and more beer of course). I was happy to see that their beer menu had changed with many fall beers added which was just what I was in the mood for. I tried 3 different pumpkin beers! All on tap! Yes. For dinner we had the wood grilled octopus appetizer and mussels for two. YUM. I had never had mussels before and they were delicious; especially the broth you can sop up with freshly baked bread. Octopus was unique and one of the best I've had. Food was a little more expensive but justifiably so..this stuff is good! I'll be back for the duck rueben. And more beer.C and I had lunch at Hopleaf with Paul and Tom. Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsAmbiance: 4 starsI had the sausages with potatoes. Knocked my socks off. We'll be returning . . .I've been coming to Hopleaf for about 6 years now and there's a good reason why I keep coming back - the beer selection is consistently excellent and the food is usually great. Here are some of my thoughts, first regarding the food:Fries - still the best I can find in Chicago. Very thin, very tasty, and the side of mayo complements the fries nicely. They're very salty though, so stay away if that's not your thing. It's a big serving, so keep that in mind, especially if you order a plate that comes with even more fries. It's easy to be overwhelmed by the fries if you're not careful ordering.Baby Octopus - a newer offering. Delicious. The lemon/chorizo aioli goes a long way. Accompanying fava beans are also great. A huge appetizer - sometimes I order this as my meal.Belgian-Style Mussels - a Hopleaf mainstay. Also delicious, and the mussel broth is excellent for absorbing into bread and even the accompanying fries.Brisket Sandwich - I don't know what happened here. I used to order it all the time because the brisket was fall-apart-brisket that had nice char on the sides and was deliciously fatty. Now it's dry and uninteresting. I don't order it anymore.CB&J - cashew butter, fig jam, and raclette cheese. It's like a grilled cheese sandwich with other tasty toppings added. It is delicious and I order it about half the time. However, I always find the side of stilton macaroni to be surprisingly bland, considering stilton is such a sharp cheese.Toasted Ham Sandwich - ham with gruyere on pumpernickel. Surprisingly good, but very heavy. I usually love it, but it has been slightly less delicious as of late (the ham in particular - might be because of their move from Nueske to house-cured). Comes with a side of fries that is about the size of a cat.Beer - always excellent with a good assortment of Belgians and American micro beers. I tend to like the stronger beers that come in half pints or snifters and Hopleaf never disappoints. Service - good and straightforward, though some newcomers might be put off by the slight cantankerousness of some of the bartenders. Don't order Miller or Vodka-Red-Bull (they don't have either), which I've witnessed a couple of times - you'll likely be scowled at (kind of funny from my point of view). They are fairly helpful if you have a question.Ambiance - it can get a little crowded, but it's a great place to take a date (in my opinion) and have good conversation. No annoying televisions. Good background jazz music, good layout, good tables as long as you can get one.I will happily continue being a regular at this place. I only have minor gripes, and this is more of a 4.5 star review, which I will round up to a 5.I'm raising my rating to five stars, based on a recent visit.  Still the same great beer selection, but this time the service seemed a lot friendlier.  Of course, that may have something to do with the fact that my visit was on a rainy Tuesday afternoon, with only a few people, apparently all serious beer geeks, at the bar, making things less hectic and giving the bartender more time to interact with the customers.Pretty good public transit access:  on the 22-Clark (a longish one-seat ride to and from the Loop) and 92-Foster bus lines, the latter providing a good connection to the Red Line's Berwyn station.  Also, of possible interest to pub crawlers, a couple of blocks from the 50-Damen bus, which serves as a good connection to Piece, the Map Room, Laschet;s Inn, Resi's Bierstube, and Fountainhead.  Hamburger Mary's is two and a half blocks north on Clark Street.Visited for a pre-birthday meal with a couple friends.  First thing, and perhaps the most refreshing, is that it looks and feels just like a bar should right as you walk in.  The atmosphere and look of the place was outstanding!Once we sat down, it came to looking through the menu for our drinks, and man oh man, the selection was unreal!  I have never seen such a great selection of brews from around the world.  Very tasty stuff!Then there was the food.  The delicious, glorious food.  The blood sausage, the charcuterie... All delicious, and all plenty to share.A bit on the pricey side, but well worth the visit.I suppose I could reiterate what the 1,200+ other Yelpers have said about Hopleaf in their reviews, but I'll spare you the redundancy and agree that there is a stellar beer menu, the food is pretty good, and the venue itself is downright neat.However, I was left feeling relatively unimpressed given how much Hopleaf has been amped up. I just didn't leaving with that longing desire to rush back. On the other hand, my beer snob of a boyfriend may tell you otherwise. The food. We opted to skip the entrees and go with a few appetizers. We started with the charcuterie plate - with head cheese, duck prosciutto, and pork belly. I'm not going to lie, it was my first time with head cheese and I wasn't a huge fan. Total texture thing. The prosciutto and pork belly however were phenomenal. We also split a butternut squash curry soup, diver scallops, an order of onion rings, and an onion tartlet. The onion rings were over salted and greasy and the onion tartlet was overcooked. Sad face. The soup however, was amazing. Slightly spicy, full of flavor, and very creamy. The highlight for me was the roasted cauliflower salad - best salad I've eaten in a long time. I loved the mix of the raisins, Marcona almonds, roasted cauliflower, and apple.One annoyance to point out is that Hopleaf charges for soda/iced tea refills even when dining in the restaurant. At $2.50 a piece, it would be nice if the staff pointed that out. However, when we asked the waitress if there was a charge for refills after seeing the bill, she agreed the policy was ridiculous and agreed to take it off. Fair enough. Overall - I enjoyed Hopleaf, but definitely wasn't blown away liked I had hoped I would have been. Will I be back? Most likely. After all, I hear the CB & J sandwich and mussels are a must try!My friend and I visited a few months ago and were pleasantly surprised.  I wasn't expecting the prices I saw because I thought it was a pub, but for the food and drink quality, it's was well worth it.   The mussels were really good and it took me six hours to pick a beer because of the long list. Our waiter was friendly and knew a lot about the beer menu.  Overall, once we get out of Chiberia into Chicago, we'll be back.We went there in the summer and sat on the patio in back. The first thing that caught my attention was all the different kinds of beer. If you're not a fan of beer and wanted to try something different, check out the Zombie Killer. My sister got that and it had a cherry taste to it. I know that doesn't sound good but it really was. They have a 4 page menu of just beers with their description, and that was just what they had on tap. They had a bunch more in bottles.My lunch consisted of the Toasted Ham and Cheese sandwich. When the waiter brought it out, the cole slaw was actually on the sandwich. I didn't realize that and told the waiter I couldn't eat cabbage so he took it back and brought me another one about five minutes later. That was probably the best ham and cheese sandwich I have ever had. I felt bad about asking them to get me another sandwich but they were extremely nice about it and made me feel that my satisfaction was most important.The Belgium style mussels were incredible. If you get them, make sure you dip the bread in the broth at the bottom of the pot. Everyone in my party was in complete agreement that this was a great taste. The frites (french fries) and aioli (a mayonnaise dip for the fries) was terrific! I'm not a big french fries guy but I ate a lot of these things. My sister goes there probably once an week and I can see why.I know... everyone LOVES Hopleaf. Thats why I came, after all. One word : Yikes!My girlfriend & I came on a Friday night at 8:00pm, fully expecting to wait at the bar for awhile, seeing as Hopleaf doesn't take reservations. Luckily they had a table for 2 ready "by the kitchen". We said we'd check it out & decide. Those who have been here know of the small strip of four tables for 2, on the way to the bathroom, across from the expediting station. We said ok, sat & our waitress came by to say hello, but didn't take our drink order until her next visit, around 8:15. About 8:30 we got our drinks & placed our food order, which consisted of the CB&J sandwich, a broccoli & cauliflower salad & a side of mac & cheese. Our waitress then ignored our table for over an hour. She obviously was very busy on a Friday night, peak time, so we cut her some slack, but in the long run, its her job to at least check-in on her tables. Our drinks sat empty for a long time (+15 mins) as we tried to politely get her attention. Its now 9:30pm. People seated around us came & went, i.e. people seated after us were getting THEIR food, as our waitress continued to ignore us. Is this what you get when you sit at the less-desired "table by the kitchen"? Eh.Finally I flagged down another server & asked if we could please see our waitress. She came by & I asked for another round of drinks & when our food would be coming out as it was now 9:45pm. She scanned the tickets by the kitchen, then disappeared, not saying a word to us. I realized rather quickly that she never put the order in! She ran over to the POS system, then came back to the expediting area & the chef said "Yeah, I know I saw it, I'll get it right out." (We were sitting 3 feet away & could hear everything.) Then she came to our table & said, "It'll be right up", as if that was explanation enough for us waiting so long. I said, "What happened?" Silence. "You JUST put it in, didn't you?" She stammered *BUSTED*... as I said to my friend, "I just wanted to leave." I would rather give my money to a business who cares about pleasing their customers. But our waitress then said she would comp our meal, so we stayed of course. I'm not an idiot! :)The food came around 10:10 & it was great, way to go kitchen staff! But the bottom line was, we didn't enjoy our experience. I would have given a 1 star review, but when our bill came, she did comp our food, which was appropriate, so this is now a 2 star review. Management should consider adding more staff if their servers are too overloaded. If not, then better training is definitely in order. If you're thinking about going, just be ready to be ignored.I clearly hit Hopleaf on an off day, and with over 1,000 reviews and 4 start average my review won't count at all, but I still must be honest, I wish I would have just went to Jimmy Johns.Came at 4pm and there was only a small lunch menu on the table with a few apps and sandwiches, assuming their dinner menu is more robust. My friend raved about the duck ruben which we were both severely disappointed in as each piece of duck had a thick strip of fat on it. Not marbled in fat, fat that could have been trimmed off easily. Me not being a mallard aficionado, maybe this is how you served duck, fat attached, though I highly doubt this is the case. The fries were thin and delicious at first but after a few minutes they were soggy, which I saw in a few other reviews. We also split the CBJ which had good flavor but but again not really impressed, the macaroni and cheese that came with it had a really really odd taste, might be the first time I haven't licked a bowl of macaroni and cheese let alone finish it.I have a feeling people come here for the beer which we did not, and I now regret. We probably got a new cook or something but that on top of having to go to the bar and order my $13 sandwich just made for a poor experience. Luckily for you Hopleaf I am in the minority!Beer Stop 4--Great selection of beer here. My girlfriend and I ventured a bit out of the city to check this place out. Worth the drive - away from the overcrowded tourist beer places.Anyway, the beer list is pretty good here. Hopleaf has a great selection of Belgium Beer which I always appreciate - St Bernandus and a few other abbey beer are on top. They also had a few DIPA which I enjoyed.Why the three star? The service was awful, absolutely awful. It took twenty minutes + to get one beer. JEEZ!Ate here last night and had a blast. My two friends and I went belly up to the back bar. Drinks were great, bartender was really cool, atmosphere was rustic and comfortable and it was packed all night. The appetizers of croquets and Mac n Cheese were awesome. Only drawback the whole night were the ribeyes my friend and I ate. About two bites in I asked her if hers was Sinuey and sure enough. The meat was really tough at medium rare and had tendon all throughout. They did the right thing though and took one off the bill. All told great place.This place is the real deal. All of there meals are prepared from scratch yes that means deserts too. Very unique take on sandwiches mussels and even vegetarian dish.A bit dark in the lighting but the atmosphere is electric from the first bite to the lastLove Hopleaf! Usually just go for a beer, but have dined there twice for dinner. Service is usually great, though plan on a wait if you go on the weekend--(however, that's not much different than other no-reservation spots in the city). They have multiple dining/bar areas, and if you get there early enough, the upper-level isn't too noisy or packed. No wait to sit in upper-level when we arrived at 7pm (no food--just drinks); and ~15-20 minutes (though we were told 30-45) for our table for 4.  For dinner, my go-to dish is the CB&J. Cashew butter, side of mac & cheese, house made chips... can't go wrong. Last time I was there it was with another couple to celebrate a birthday. They included a candle in the dessert we ordered--nice touch. Definitely give Hopleaf a try if you enjoy a vast beer selection, solid food, and a non-pretentious atmosphere.Weiss so serious?Seriously a beer drinker's nirvana.  My wife introduced me to this place when we started dating (she originally lived in Andersonville) and I have never been disappointed whenever we come here.Yes it can be intimidating if you are a newbie to good beer.  Yes there are people who go to this bar who are fans of BeerAdvocate.com.  Yes it can be busy on a weekend night.  So if you need your hand held, go on a weeknight or earlier on the weekend and the bartenders (all well versed in beer) will help walk you through different beers.  Or just bring me along and buy me a few rounds and I'll talk to you about the beers.  But the best way is to just try a few beers.  And these beers are reasonably priced.  Remember the quality of beer is better than Miller or Bud, the ABV is much higher as well.Let go of my Kwak!  A beer that is more fun to drink than it should be.  Just be sure to order it in the proper glass.But I'll always be in pursuit of Hoppyness with the great selections of IPAs.  They even carry the Dogfishhead 120minute IPA once in a while.No barley legal people here as they card everyone at the door (sorry DePaul kids).Great friendly service and a super tasty tilapia sammy, crispy but not greasy, moist on the inside.  Frites were super thin and some of the best I've had.  Love that decadent side of aioli.Side of mac & cheese was solid and generously sized.Beer selection is huuuge and overwhelming but the server had great suggestions.This review focuses on the dining portion of Hopleaf, for which it easily earns five stars.  I'm not the biggest fan of beer, fussy I guess, but even with their very extensive list of primarily Belgian's, I still found little to my liking and went with Green Line instead.The food, however, was delicious!  I had a lamb dish that was just about perfect.  They rotate the menu often.  In fact, the website seems to have two different menus up now and neither one of them was the menu that we had when we went.  Every dish looks good, and they provide more than just one veggie dish.  My friend actually spent one her "get out of veggie dish free" cards and got the fish which she also found to be delicious.  I wish we had the scratch to spend lavishly on appetizers and desserts too.  I was nosing around at nearby tables.  Everything looks and smells great!  OMFG!The dining area is pleasant.  A bit of exposed-brick modern loft feel with a certain kind of nostalgic rustic-ness.  I've been in Chicago for almost 8 years and this is the first time I've been here.  Shame on me!  I just wish it was in my hood, though I do like this neighborhood a lot.I know. I know. You're asking yourself "2 stars?" Yeah, I don't know. I know I should really love this place, but I just don't. I love beer, but I'm a lager gal who also enjoys a nice stout now and again. I do not like overly hoppy beers and for the life of me, I could not find a decent lager on their HUGE beer menu. However, our waitress did recommend a decent stout (Chief Blackhawk), so one star to her.Based on a previous perusal of the Hopleaf menu I had been interested in trying the CB&J (cashew butter, figs and some sort of cheese). I really had my hopes up for this one, savory and sweet in one sandwich? Yes, please! However, when it landed on our table it was basically fried bread (not toasted like a grilled cheese) with a swipe of fig jam and a touch of cashew butter. It was actually really gross. Frankly all you could taste was the hard, fried bread. And by fried bread, I mean almost crouton like in it's consistancy. Fried. Bread. The meal came with Stilton mac and cheese, which by all accounts I should've loved, yet there was nothing special about it...just sort of there. I kept taking small bites thinking I was missing something, but yeah, no. I wasn't missing anything. It just wasn't very good.I'll go back and try some other beers and maybe an appetizer (the frites were good; garlic aioli is good; super garlicky), but I would probably skip a main entree.PS: The others at my table liked what they got (squash in phyllo dough, brisket platter, tilapia sandwich), so that's why the second star. Maybe I'll try one of those options next time...or not.We stopped in Saturday night after dinner for a couple of beers.  I believe I'd been downstairs briefly in the past but this time, we went upstairs in search for a place to sit.  We didn't stay more than an hour so I will keep my review brief.  In addition to a really outstanding number of beer choices, I'd like to say that the overall atmosphere of the place is great.  There is certainly a relaxed vibe.  I felt like there was a mix of people people in their late 20s, early 30s.  Despite being busy, there wasn't the feeling of being rushed or bumped as you try to get from the table to the bar.  If I lived in the area, this would easily become my local watering hole.Exquisite food for a bar/gastropub of it's kind. We ordered the salad they had on special (salmon something) which was a delicious start, albeit a little small. Our entrees were the monkfish and venison. Both were great, although the venison was tender and absolutely perfect. This place has a bar feel, cozy atmosphere, and amazing food...basically everything necessary for a hot date. There wasn't much of a wait on the weekdays, so if you're local try a mid-week night. I'll definitely be coming back.If only the service and lunch menu were as awesome as their beer list. I had come to Hopleaf years ago just for drinks, but never tried the food....Maybe my expectations were too high.Having gone to plenty of snobby gastro-pub places, I'm very familiar with the "I don't give a crap about you" attitude from the waitstaff....but this lady took it to another level. After being seated, we waited about 10 minutes before she made one of her two  appearances that didn't require us flagging her down. I guess we shouldn't have been surprised when our sandwiches came out before the appetizer .When we mentioned it to the waitress, she mumbled what I assume was an apology and walked off. Throughout the meal we had to get her attention to get more beer or ketchup, because she didn't have much of an interest in checking on us. The food itself was nothing remarkable. The french fries literally made up 60% of the meal. On paper the brisket and duck reuben sandwiches are creative and very appetizing. Sitting on the plate and tasting them is another story. The bread for both sandwiches is way too thin to support  the meat and condiments. The cranberry cream cheese spread on the reuben caused the bread to become soggy and fall apart. The brisket looked and tasted more like corned beef, and the rye bread tasted like something on sale at Jewel. I might be willing to come back for dinner, where I'm assuming the menu and waitstaff are better. Hopleaf is still a reliable place if you're going out for drinks, but the lunch menu is minimal and so is the attention given by the waitstaff.An Andersonville standout among Andersonville standouts. How could anyone NOT love this place? Every time I think of Hopleaf, I think of my friends and I out here on wintery nights, warming ourselves on the countless specialty beers on offer here while the wind howled outside. I reminisce about late-night gorging on delicious steaming mussels. I recall the moment I was introduced to what's now my favorite beer ever, Goose Island Bourbon County Stout. And then I swoon over Hopleaf all over again.I absolutely love Hop Leaf.  I really almost got an apartment just because it was a block away.  The beer selection is outstanding.  Huge draft selection, but if you have a hankering for something very very specific, you will no doubt find it on the bottle list.I love the food, too.  I am particularly fond of the mac and cheese (and I'm picky about that!), as well as the CB&J.  I know, you're thinking "Cashew butter, jam, and cheese?  What?", but it's out of this world.  My husband always gets the mussels, which are outstanding as well.  The one issue is that it is usually packed and they don't take reservations.  I would definitely come here more often if I could reserve a table.BAD, SLOW, INATTENTIVE SERVICE... been there twice in the last 2 weeks.  Seems since they expanded there is no manager on the floor checking on the staff to see they are doing basic stuff.  Like smiling and being polite and kind.  It seems as though one is a burden vs. appreciated.  I understand it is trendy and busy. (We started going YEARS ago before it was 'discovered"  Note my first review of this place was in 2007!) but for God's sake, get your staff training in place.The food is great. No question, never an issue. My only suggestion there, is seeing most everyone orders the phenomenal mussels, which come with fries, can the sandwiches have options besides Fries as well?  Overkill on the potato products.Again, great beers, great food, sucky affected service.  Makes me mad/sadGood mussels and fries.  I got it Belgian style for one ($12) and there really was enough to serve two as an appetizer as you get a big pot of mussels and a big bowl of fries.  They have lots of fun sandwiches which we got as entrees such as CB&J (Cashew Butter and Fig Jelly) and Duck Reuben.  My only complaint is that Hopleaf is really crowded.  We were seated upstairs and the tables were really small.So I have a love-hate relationship with Hopleaf. Let's start with the love: Beer. They have a wonderful selection, with many variations on tap or in bottle. I've been introduced to many a delicious selection. So if you're a beer person, this is a great spot for you. Service: Again, great. We've had great waiters every time who are knowledgeable and prompt. Now onto the less good: The food. Dry pork chop, gristly steak (though the frites are good), and drowned salads. My biggest complaint is that everything is extremely salty. Now in a gastro pub, you might think that an advantage to balance out your beer, right? I can assure you, they take the idea of french pub food and overdo it on the sauces and salt. One exception where I actually DO love the dish is their onion rings. Salty, crispy and thin, these are a real treat. Still, every other dish I've tried (and I've tried a lot) has been one step too over or underdone, be it in flavor, texture, or even portion. The mustard on the brisket sandwich overpowers the tasty brisket. The dressing on the tuna tartare salad kills the tuna. The gristle on the steak frites was an example of a horrible cut of meat. All in all, this place is fine for a beer with friends, but I wouldn't recommend  dinner.This place is huge and has an equally huge beer menu. The staff was nice and helpful. I didn't eat here, but have heard great things. I will be back to enjoy the atmosphere, choose a new beer of the huge menu, and try some food!If you like craft beers, then this is obviously the spot to go to in Chicago. Good good and great craft beer selection will have me coming back for a beer. My main gripe was with the service. I felt it was a bit lacking and we had some issues. This could be an isolated incident, so I will review again after my next visit.I'm sure most people know by now but if you don't... the expansion has finally happened and it is GLORIOUS!!Space is not Hopleaf's only new frontier, the menu has become vast as well. Don't worry, of course they kept the mussels but I now have a new fav... CB&J -sourdough bread; house-made cashew butter, fig jam & raclette cheese, pan-fried; with stilton macaroni-and-cheese & house-made potato chips... HOLYF*CKSTOCKINGS! I may hold some sort of record for ordering the same thing every time I go. A good shout out to the Duck Reuben which is what every else orders every time. Staff wasn't so bad before but now they are super friendly and quick too.2 beer menus: Draft and Bottled...be prepared for some heavy reading..before moving on to the dinner menu.Here's a few shortcuts:Bottled menu is divided into sections by type: Belgians, Lambics, etc.Dinner favorites: Mussels (the order for one can easily be shared with another person, especially with the MASS of frites), rabbit sausage, duck reuben, mac & Stilton cheese.The wait can be very long, put your name down anyway because tables may become available earlier and go find a seat at the bar, communal table, or booths on the other side of the restaurant (where you can order drinks and food at the bar).Four words: Zombie Dust on tap. 'Nuff said.I guess it's about time to review my Favorite bar in the city.If you love beer you owe it to yourself to go here. The food is excellent as well but a small menu.A word of caution do not go here on the weekend after 7 unless you like large crowds.If you can get a seat at the bar and chat with the bartender and pick there brains or just go threw the beer menu. CheersIt was 1:45am, 15 minutes to closing time. I had about 1/3 of my Tripel Karmeliet left. My boyfriend and I had been there for about an hour and a half, drinking a few beers with his sister and her friend. Little did we know, we were about to get kicked out and told never to return.We had already heard the "It's closing time!!" yells from various staff members, and were finishing up our beers and getting ready to head out. We knew we had at least 15 minutes to finish up, since most places begrudgingly (but politely) allow patrons to stay a few minutes after closing time. So to say I was shocked when a large man on the Hopleaf staff with a scruffy beard and bandana on his head and an angry grimace came from behind the bar, his arm outstretched and his finger pointing directly at me, strode angrily toward me, yelled, "I said, 'It's closing time'!!!", grabbed my unfinished Tripel, stomped back to the bar and slammed it down on the counter, would be a bit of an understatement. My boyfriend at I looked at each other in disbelief. He looked at his watch. It was 1:57am. We looked at his sister, who was staring open-mouthed at me. What the f**k just happened?I looked longingly at my Tripel. Then I got up and walked (didn't stomp, didn't stride, just walked) over to the Very Angry Man. "Why did you take my beer?" I asked. "It's not even closing time and I'm not done with it." Arm outstretched and finger pointing again, the pugnacious staffer pointed toward the door and yelled, "Get out. NOW."Dude. It's not even closing time.GET OUT. NOW!!Then as if on cue, as if waiting, poised, behind the curtain for their entrance onto the scene, three additional Hopleaf staff converged on us, pointing their fingers angrily and yelling at us to get out. The bartender chimed in with several choice f bombs, just for good measure.We were able to lodge one more sentence of protest before the Prickly Man yelled, "GET OUT AND NEVER COME BACK. NEVER!!!"Out on the street, we walked to the car, shaking our heads, and heard one last Hopleaf Hothead yell, "Go ahead and get on Yelp!"We thought that was a great idea.Needless to say, we won't be back.[We'd love to talk to Michael and Louise (the owners) about this incident and get their take on how they think their bar is being run when they're not around.]i like that i can find obscure choices on their beer menu and prices are well on pointfrom clark st this bar looks tiny but its actually booming with bar space and tables for diningbe prepared to keep your coat on if you sit in the front bar when weathers a bit chillyfriendly, but not overly so staff stock the joint nd a full menu accompanies libationsno minimum on creditHad such a great experience here yesterday.  I flew into Chicago for 24 hours (a benie of working for a major airline) and my friend met me at O'Hare and we cabbed it straight to here.  He said it was the one place he wanted me to experience in Chicago.  I am glad.  The food was phenomenal and the beer list so well thought out.Our bartender, Omar, was great, and very knowledgeable about the beers.  The charcuterie sampler was what we started with.  The pork belly rillette is to die for, as is the duck liver pate.  The salads are hearty in their ingredients list and the fries come with garlic aioli... so awesome.  The mac and Stilton needed salt but other than that, a wonderful start to my trip.Oh, and...They have wine on tap...When it comes to Belgian beer, quality draft maintanence, and people who, frankly, know their shit, Hopleaf is as good as it gets.Food is pricey but delicious. Intense flavors, texture lovers with flip, and the stilton mac and cheese is pretty amazing. The garlic aioli with their frites is so delicious I added it to my brisket sammich. This place gets BUSY. With the opening of the brand new second bar it should help a lot, but please feel free to get your beer geek on here. And ask about the special bottle selection - there's always something amazing in there.There's been some swapping going on at Hopleaf over the last several months.At some point, apparently they stopped using brewery-specific glassware and substituted a few standard shapes/sizes of Hopleaf-stamped glasses.  I'm sure that this improved efficiency and increased their brand exposure, but it cost them some personality.On the upside, they upgraded the cramped quarters to...well, slightly less cramped quarters.  Let's face it, even with the new dining room and the summertime patio, this place still gets swamped with customers on a Saturday night.Perhaps most rewardingly of all, they seem to have ditched the pretension.  Or at least I can say that our most recent server, while dressed for Logan Square, gave Loop-perfect service.  Don't judge a book by its cover!  I wish that I had caught his name because he deserves a special mention.They seem to have enhanced the depth and variety on their dinner menu, to the point that my red-meat-averse wife finds a few appealing options.  But we both agreed that the execution of our meals could have been better.  I had the brisket platter and found it downright boring.The onion "rings" starter turned out to be strings, very greasy and salty.  That was disappointing, but the brownie dessert was phenomenal (especially when paired at home with my wife's outstanding homemade vanilla frozen custard).Hopleaf 2012:  Two steps forward, one step back.  Or is it the other way around?  It's still a great spot, but no longer mighty, despite the improvements.  These days, the beer list is equalled by many others in the city.  So you're fighting those crowds for a food and drink experience which is no longer top-drawer.No TV and Kwak beer makes for a great time!I love Hopleaf for many reasons...especially for their no under 21 policy (which means kids too).We have been going here for many years and have enjoyed the many beer options that they offer.  We have always had an enjoyable time and the different food options have allowed us to take a variety of friends that are picky eaters.  Their expansion has made it more accessible.We will continue to return!Seriously, my favorite place I've been since I moved to Chicago!  This place is AMAZING!I have now been twice and I mostly love how they completely change the menu for seasons.  The chef is very inspired!  One thing I didn't like about the change - In August I had the most amazing grilled radicchio salad that was the best salad I think I've ever had.  I was sad not to be able to order it again but I tried the shaved brussels sprout salad instead and it did not disappoint!  The funny thing is the first time I went, we were going for beer and mussels, but none of us ended up even paying attention to the mussels because everything else we got was so delicious!The beer list is fantastic and also changes on a normal basis.  The first visit my server was very helpful but sadly, when I went yesterday, our server was pretty much a shy idiot.  I don't mean to be rude but she looked scared to even come up to the table and when we asked for a recommendation for beer she looked like a deer in headlights.  I didn't take a star away because the food and beer is THAT good and the atmosphere is great too!   I will keep going back time and time again..... YUM!The beer selection is awesome, the bartenders are warm friendly and incredible knowledgeable.  Here is my only complaint, the food is not consistent.  I went their and was blown away by the sausage sampler, I returned a few weeks later craving the same dish and it was mediocre.  It wasn't plated as well, it seemed like there was less food on the dish.  Just seemed like a different dish.Hit this spot after catching a great show at the nearby Neo-Futurists theater, and grabbed a tasty short rib sandwich and some potato and gruyere croquets. The beer selection was solid. The servers knew their beers well. The decor and vibe was dark and inviting in the dinning room in the rear. Their bar area was nice too. The rest of menu was a bit pricey but if their entrees were as good as what I had, then it'll be well worth a try.CB&J -sourdough bread - Hello grown up pb and j with a side of crazy good macaroni and cheese...oh and chips with a little spicy kick.Their beer selection is huge.  Reading the menu is a pleasure, the beverage descriptions are accurate and enticing.  They also have wine on tap!!!I took off one star for the service. I'm not sure if they are not used to large groups, but it was hard to locate our waitress and place additional orders. Regardless, this isn't enough to keep me away.Pretty damn awesome.I thought I've seen it all when it came to beer and wine, but I was thoroughly mistaken! Hopleaf is definitely king & queen of the beverage category. They even carry wine on tap. Not sure how that works, but my taste buds are tickled & wildly intrigued by the idea of it all.  ** Drinks ** ~Kwak:  A deep amber beer with an earthy aroma.         *This fancy wooden contraption that held the beer was a bit startling at first, but I realized the design must have a purpose. The handle allows you to drink your brew without tainting the taste from your body temperature. Thus, the aromas and flavors are not compromised. With every sip, still delicious to the very last drop.          When you taste beers like Kwak, you instantly know that a lot of love went into it. Such complex flavors that paired perfectly with our mussels & lamb meatballs. ** FOOD **-Mussels: small order              steamed in white wine broth, w/fennel, manzanilla olives, garlic, lemon & oregano.        That broth is not overpowering, and you better believe we dipped our bread and other foodies in it! Had to contain myself from picking up the bowl and downing it like soup! -Black Earth Farms Lamb Meatballs        Zatar-spiced w/herbed freekeh, Romesco sauce, shaved fennel, cashews, arugula, pomegranate-molasses vinaigrette.          Had a great middle eastern/Indian flavor, and the meat itself was really tender. -Frites - thin cut french fries with some magical dipping sauce           Bahh humbug!..... maybe it's because I love starch to pieces, but I could not get enough! Kind of like my obsession with king size flaming hot-cheetos.. you just can't have one! With winter around the corner, I know where I'll be vegging out at!! Hearty beers and comfort foods.. it's kismet!A major pet peeve of mine when cruising sites like Yelp! is when a review simply says, "everything here is amazing!  Five stars!" without going into further detail.But dammit if everything here ISN'T amazing.  Like, on a consistent basis.  Seriously.  If you like craft beer at all, AT ALL, do yourself a favor and come here.  And come hungry.  Because everything is delicious.  I want to single one or two items out, I do, but I just can't (and besides, the menu is semi-seasonal and always changing).  A not-so-hidden hidden gem on the North Side.  Make the trek, drink the beer, eat the food, leave happy.  Simple as that.I wish I had gone here while I was actually living in Chicago! I came here last week while I was in town for a friend's wedding, and I absolutely loved it. It was pretty crowded, but it was a Saturday night, so no surprise there. After climbing 3 flights of stairs, we found a table, which was nice!Their selection is a little overwhelming for a non-connoisseur like me, but I found my go-to beer on the list. The bar tender was nice, and the ambiance was nice. It wasn't too loud, so my friends and I could talk without having to scream over blasting music. It's my kind of bar!SO MUCH GOODNESS. And that was just the beer list!Lucky me, a good friend lives pretty close to here, so we paid a visit. I have three words that will change your life forever: Stilton mac n' cheese. (That "n'" is so not a word and you know it.) Someone at the table had the Reuben, and I do remember that it was one of the tastiest Reubens I've ever had. And that pickle. That pickle was pickle perfection. (Of course we all shared. What, don't you?)As for beer, it was my first experience of Goose Island Green Line, because it was on tap and at the time, I couldn't get it out where I live. Therefore, I had to try it. Very nice and light, which worked well for our summer meal. Place is loud, which is to be expected at a busy gastropub on a weekend evening. If you're not good with crowds, you might want to try to go early so you don't have a panic attack. This is an excellent choice for beer and food snobs alike, though!Any bar that has Bosteels Tripel Karmeleit on tap for a measly $7 can't be bad, can it?  Hopleaf has been doing it great for years, but until recently, has been too insanely popular for its own good.  Fortunately, they've expanded and everything else(best Belgian beer selection in the world, great food) hasn't changed at all.  What can I complain about anymore without the waits???The mussels are still fantastic.  Get 'em with the beer sauce and tell 'em I sent ya!  The pomme frites still shine as some of the best in Chicago.  Service can be a bit, say condescending at times but it's rare.  Just keep the Tripet Karmeleit flowing and it really doesn't matter.  One of the best bars in Chicago.  I'm glad there's just more of Hopleaf to love these days.  Essential!Is it possible to give a bar zero stars? Seriously, this is the worst bar in Chicago. Ever. Don't go there. Ever.This is by far the best beer bar in the city!  The selections are always changing and the bar staff is awesome in helping you find your perfect brew.  If I could go out every night it would be to the hopleaf........sadly my real job interferes!If you're a beer fan, you need to come here!!! The list of their craft & bottle beers is very extensive and does not disappoint!!! I've been here twice and still haven't been able to try even half of their wonderful beer selection. Besides great beer they also have pretty decent food. I would definitely recommend the mussels & the duck Reuben. They have a lot of sitting space, but BEWARE this place get's packed on the weekend!!!Could have kept drinking down the street at Acre saturday night, but we did the responsible thing and kept drinking at Hopleaf while waiting for food.The sausage appetizer was aight. CB&J with Mac n' cheese was unbelievable. I can't remember what beer I went with, but it was the server's reccomendation and it was decent.Let's just say the Hopleaf is hopping!  They were really crowded when I strolled in here last night at 9pm for a nightcap.  I saw, thanks to Caitlin G.'s review, that their April special is Bell's Cherry Stout, and what better way to end a beautiful day than with spring in a glass?For those of you who don't know me, I'm a huge fan of Bell's.  It all started for me when I had a six pack of their Oberon and because I like those hoppy beers so much, I tried their Hop Slam and boy was that good too!  So, when I saw that Hopleaf had Bell's Cherry Stout on special, and that we're running out of days in April, I decided to take the trek over here to give myself a special treat.  I'm sure glad I did!  The atmosphere is great.  I really liked their posters of old school alcohol advertisements they have hanging on the back wall. I also loved the fact that there isn't a TV in sight and the music is turned down low, so that you can actually have a real conversation at a normal decibel level.  These are mega pluses in my book because there is nothing more annoying than trying to have a conversation with someone who is trying to watch the game.  It doesn't work.  Thanks Hopleaf for making your establishment a casual place where a conversation can be held without distractions.  Just so you know,  if it wasn't for the 45 minute wait, I probably would of stayed and had a late night snack, but I will be back some future night for that, no doubt!505 Hopleaf reviews, really? Shut Up. Why do I bother? I should be the one to shut up. Yeeeeah, I should... but why do that when I can shamelessly use this weaksauce review as an opportunity to gain the next tick on my review-o-meter? Bwahhahaha! So the things you already know: * Hopleaf is a cozy tavern in the front and tasty restaurant in the back. It's sorta like the proverbial mullet of dining establishments. * A fabulously smashing beer bar with yummy bottles and even yummier foamy drafts! * Draft beer is on constant change which is actually a great thing. Find your new hoppy Belgium favorite a la my Bells Hopslam right here, just don't expect it to always make a repeat peformance. * Staff knows their shit so don't order a Bud Light, Douchey McDoucherson. * Super busy on weekends, not nearly as much on weeknights. A Wednesday night at Hopleaf with a Delirium Blonde and an actual blonde (ahem, me) by your side ain't at all a bad thing. Some things you may not know: * Hopleaf has righteous bar food; specialty white wine mussels, escargot, steak frites, even sweetbreads. Mozzarella sticks need not apply and will, in fact, be laughed out the door. * They take their wine seriously. Not as seriously as the beer, natch, but the Hopleaf wine list is nothing short of impressive, albeit affordable. Not one bottle over $35. Huzzah! * I tend to get absurdly drunk here. On beer. It goes down like mad dog. Who knew? Take a trip to Hopleaf - like the rest of Chicago obviously has - and find out for yourself exactly how enjoyable a unique and fabulous cold one saddled up next to some Stilton mac 'n cheese truly can be!Wow, as I type this, Hopleaf has nearly 1,300 reviews.  On the one hand, I'm amazed because I'm not sure I've seen that many reviews for one establishment...ever. But, on the other hand, I'm not surprised that word has spread about the quality of this restaurant and bar.I've had several good meals since arriving in Chicago.  This one has been the best.Beer selection - excellent!  Many regional beers, some national staples and a solid international selection.  The wine list was also great.  The food was as delicious as it was interesting.  I had a cashew butter (homemade), fig jam and raclette cheese sandwhich with a side of homemade chips and Stilton mac & cheese.  "Mmmmmm."  I was equally impressed by the dessert menu.  It was hard to choose.  We went with the cocoa nib financier cake with pear sorbet and Dragon's Milk caramel sauce.  I say again, "mmmmmm."The server and bar tender were very friendly.   The atmosphere was inviting and comfortable.  Oh, and the prices were completely reasonable.If only this place were in Austin.....Like the other 4 bajillion reviews on here, I can attest that the Hopleaf is fantastic but crowded, has the best frites ever (more aioli, please!) and the upstairs bar is a refuge, albeit one with limited beer selection. So what can I say that hasn't been said? How about my Hopleaf Calendar O' Beer? A little guide to my own personal preferences when I imbibe at one of the best bars in the world.JANUARY: Kwak.What better way to start the year than ordering up my first Hopleaf love? Kwak was my first libation at the bar, and when it arrived in its famous mug, I knew I'd love it, if even just for the experience. Its beautiful amber body was the perfect Belgian introduction to the Hopleaf. I also quickly learned the lesson of what starts out sounding like a joke: What happens when you cross two Kwaks together? Answer: You get kwaked. Really kwaked.FEBRUARY: Maredsous Dubbel 8.Tones of chocolate and fruit? Sounds a bit like Valentine's Day, but this is a wonderful dark ale that warms and cheers me up when I've given up on my beautiful, but bitterly cold, city. Nothing like a Belgian ale to restore some faith in the world.MARCH: La Chouffe by Brasserie d'AchouffeLa chouffe means "the gnome," in case you didn't pick it up from the adorable logo. March is in like a lion and out like a lamb, but La Chouffe is just sweet the whole way down. It may be too sugary for some people, but for someone with a sweet tooth like me, this brew is fantastic.APRIL: Bell's Cherry Stout.Ah, April, the month of cherry blossoms. I celebrate by ordering my favorite Michigan brewery's cherry stout--sweet and bordering on tart, but with enough body to make me happy.MAY: Bourbon County Stout by Goose Island.At 10 bucks a pop, it's a bit pricy. But if I'm looking for bourbon-infused beer--which I am, often, and especially during Derby season--nothing satisfies like Goose Island's rare brew aged in oak bourbon barrels. I'm a fan of bourbon brown ales, which are easier to find in my Old Kentucky Home, but I'll happily settle for the stout here in the Windy City.JUNE: Atomium Premier Gran Cru by Van SteenbergeWhen I'm upstairs at the "secret" bar, the Atomium is my go-to beer. I adore coriander and orange flavor in beer, so it's a perfect fit. The combination of zest and kick is perfect for the sun setting on a warm early summer evening.JULY: Lindemans Peche.Most people go for the cassis when they order Lindemans lambics, but currants aren't my style. On a hot day, nothing goes down cooler and sweeter than the peach sister of the Lindeman family.AUGUST: Hoegaarden.Call me boring, but as Hopleaf says, it's the original white beer. And I love it.SEPTEMBER: Witkap.As summer turns to fall, I attempt to kick my white beer habit with something a little different. Witkap's banana essence is what does it for me. This brew also makes me crave peanut butter and banana sandwiches stuffed in paper bags as the kids head back to school.OCTOBER: Nut Brown Ale by Samuel SmithGet things dark and roasty as fall comes on full force. Nothing too fancy, but definitely classic, and I always feel good sipping this brew and knowing this is the boyfriend's father's favorite beer.NOVEMBER: St. Bernardus Abt 12.Abbey beers make me happy, particularly the Abt 12 by St. Bernardus. The brown ale's richness is perfect for settling in next to the Hopleaf stove and warming up as fall settles itself into a long winter.DECEMBER: Three Floyd's GumballheadWhile this American wheat beer is maybe a bit summery, Three Floyd's Gumballhead has the most wonderful aftertaste of pine that gets me going as the winter holidays approach. When I'm stringing up the Christmas lights, I order up a Gumballhead to satisfy my piney citrus cravings with this beer that finishes clean.Great place their ham sandwich is  to die for. :) good beer selection .Wow.  Reading these other reviews, I am psyched that I discovered this place pre-Check, Please! (it loses something if you can't hear the lilt of "Check") because crowds make me crazy and crazy makes me cut folks and that's no fun - for the victim.  Anywhoo - this place is truth!Each time I come here is an exercise in gluttony.  I suppose I shouldn't revel such tawdry details, but they are true.  I came upon Hopleaf in a rather auspicious way.  Some of my college friends were in town and they told me about a fabled Belgian beer garden in Andersonville.  Really?  In Andersonville?  I'll check it out.  The cab dropped us off a few blocks away and I looked to the left and right.  On one side of the street was a garage/laundry/sweatshop/mob cover of some kind.  On the other side was a leather bar.  Immediately, I thought that my friends had played a cruel joke on me but our fearless leader implored us to move onward.We walked a few blocks and arrived at our destination.  Since this was a pre-Check, Please! event, we didn't have to wait long.  But our wait wasn't that bad because we went upstairs and started drinking.  And then we came downstairs and started drinking.  And the we ordered food and started drinking.  And then we unbuckled our belts, leaned back and started drinking.  My friends stuck to the tried and true European goodies.  I like variety, so I wandered from old school European to classic Belgian to fruity cherry to smoky chocolate to  lagers to porters to ales to stouts.  It was exciting and intoxicating (*rimshot*) to experience such great beers.  Then we got in a cab, went to Lincoln Park and hit on college coeds.  Yeah.  Not one of my finer moments.Another not-so-fine-moment of pure gluttony at Hopleaf: the mussels.  I went there (again, pre-Check, Please!) with three other guys.  We ordered the mussels for two.  The waitress erroneously thought we needed two buckets.  No.  We needed four.  And sausage.  And cheese.  And lots of beer.  Just when I thought the evening couldn't get any more disgusting, two of my party DRANK the mussel bucket juice.  I was shocked and sickened into sobriety.  Surprisingly, one of them threw up.Hopleaf: great food, amazing beer, poor choices.99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer. Take one down, pass it to me.98 bottles of beer on the wall. ....and so it goes. An impromptu visit on Valentine's Day (Kuma's is CLOSED on Vday, FYI...rockers need lovin' too, apparently) proved quite unexpectedly lovely. Frankly, the crowds generally keep me away from Hopleaf, but our recent visit was beyond pleasant. An hour wait for a dinner table, not so bad on a bustling Sunday night. Slipped into a front window table (by the bar) just as another party was being seated, and enjoyed 2 rounds of beers while watching freezing passerby on Clark Street. 16 percent alcohol later (2, 8% beers) I was floating above the vday chaos of broken dreams (not my own, thankyouverymuch) and buzzin' happily to the upper deck for a sweetly simple dinner with my favorite male dining companion. Oh gush, whatever. It was Valentine's Day, I'll allow it. Several more rounds of Allagash White (my favorite) + steak frites for the boy + CPBJ (cashew butter and fig jam) sandwich for me + love all around. Well, ok. Perhaps I am going overboard, but Hopleaf is strangely romantic once it settles for the evening (post 9pm on Sunday). The right light, the right beer...the right place. Indeed, a lovely date. Tips for enjoying Hopleaf: -if you do not know what beer you want, let them just pick one. -they still do not carry domestic beer like Miller, etc. -tables in front bar area are first come/first serve. -waiting for a real table is worth it. -give yourself time to enjoy it.When in Rome" is the bf's fave saying when having to consume something he normally doesn't get.  That means, pork at a relatives' house, or beer at a pizza dinner.  It's just not for him.  And for me, I share the same sentiments when it comes to beer, but here at Hopleaf, you HAVE to try their beer with the extensive line that they have on draft, and the bottled ones as well. I can't begin to tell you the first thing about beer.  I came here for the mussels because of the numerous recommendations I've gotten, but hey, "When in Rome", I will try a beer.  The server was patient and accommodating with making her suggestion. The menu was equally helpful, with its on-point description of each craft.  I made my decision on the McAuslan St. Ambroise Oatmeal Stout, which was a thick malt with a chocolate taste.  I figured with a rich chocolate flavor, you can't go wrong, and I sure didn't! It was a great tasting drink.The mussels came out in a medium sized pot, as we shared the "Mussels for Two". We chose the Belgian style which was marinated in ale, shallots, celery and thyme.  Nicely flavored, but the only thing missing was a big heaping of garlic.  Accompanying the mussels were a giant's serving size of shoestring fries with a garlic aioli dipping sauce.  If any of your other entrees have fries, I'd suggest you order a side salad or onion rings in place of it, otherwise you're stuck with more than you'd bargained for.  The cod. Unassuming.  Get this! Not at all a McDonald's fish fry on a toosoggyofabun!   Little Giada De Laurentis would be spitting out every adjective from her show: flaky, buttery, crispy, fresh.  I passed on this sandwich and next time, I won't give it a second thought! Duck reuben: Duck is a typically fatty meat.  This sandwich was far from that, and yet still had the mighty duck essence without being rich. so all those made this a trifecta sandwich.   Cheese added to ooey gooey factor, the bread was nice and crisp, On a side note, The Eater just released an article with the Hopleaf's owner saying that they were expanding the restaurant, which is due to open in mid April.  In the winter, the dining room expects to seat 275 diners, and 310 in the summer with the patio.  This is a huge asset to the place, as we dined on a Monday evening and the place was pretty full for being a weeknight.  Until then, see if you can request a table on the mezzanine space on the second level, which is also anticipating a new face lift and expansion.Oh no!!!NO!NON!!!NEIN!!!NEE!!! - it's the Dutch version - just in case you were wondering.And NEJ!!! - just because we are in Andersonville, I thought I would throw a little Swedish in there....I was SO anticipating what I thought would be the absolute BEST mussels in the city......I had talked about it for months.Was salivating every time.And the worse happened.They were undercooked.Now - I ask you: is there anything worse in this world?!?!? (if we leave Adam Sandler's movies apart)I chose the 'exotic' version - coconut, curry, ginger, sweet potatoes, jalapenos, Kafir lime leaves. Because sometimes you need something extra, you know.The broth was actually quite tasty and I used my bread to soak it up.But the stars of the show......let me down.Then again -  it happens. I am forgiving and will be back because I just need another pint of this fantastic Ayinger. And probably something else too.But be prepared for my return and cook your mussels THROUGH!!As promised, I returned to Hopleaf again as I showed up as soon as they opened. My buddy and I thought we were there early enough to get a patio seat, but nope, they were filled. We got a seat in the dining area which was fine. My pal has been telling me about their delicious sandwiches for a few months now so mouth was watering and all I was thinking about was the Duck Rueben and the Cashew butter & Jam (CB&J) sandwiches. For beer I ordered the German Ayinger and a Jever. I got the Duck Rueben which came with fries and my buddy got the CB&J. We decided to switch half of the sandwiches so we could enjoy the taste of both. The Duck Rueben was really juicy and flavorful and the CB&J was outta this freaking world!!!!  These sandwiches really lived up to the hype and my day was made!Hopleaf, I am gonna make you my new backyard, Understood????!!!!!What happened to you, Hopleaf????The reviews came pouring in, The neighborhood yuppies started spreading the word, Then came droves and hordes to your door.  Business is booming, bustlin' and balloonin'Better than ever, nonstop frenetic kineticPacked to the brim like an overfilled garbage sackNot a seat to be found, not even in the backHour and a half wait for food and the clockKeeps ticking and ticking and tickingIf I were God, I would deliver one massive bitchslapSweep out the crowd like Noah's flood and get all biblical.Alas, what happened to you, Hopleaf?I'm glad to make this the 500th review for Hopleaf. I'm also happy that I can walk out my door and walk to Hopleaf in less than a couple of minutes. What I liked:Beers a plentiful and if you didn't like a beer then you didn't choose the right one. I enjoyed my cider and mead offerings and my friend was happy with his beers.Food is a bit different but it comes out great. I had the brisket while my friend had the Duck reuben. Both were really tasty and came out perfect. Apple fritters for dessert ended the meal just right.Service was excellent ... the servers were friendly and always around to check on usThere wasn't much to knock at with Hopleaf. Sure it can get busy and be hard to get in but that is what happens to the consistently great places. But if you need a knock on them then I'll say it isn't cheap eats and drinks!Go to any good bar, ask for a recommendation, and the enthusiastic bartender gives you their list of favorites and offers to make you a drink.  Go to the Hopleaf and ask for a recommendation on a specific type of beer and get an argument, a lot of attitude, a few eye rolls and a menu thrown at you.Sure, I get it, Hopleaf has SO many beers.  For the record, after finally seeing a menu, there was only one beer that fit the bill of what I had asked for.  In the same amount of time the bartender took to snap at me, she could have made a recommendation and been on her way.  Or at least politely handed me a menu and asked me to decide on my own.Was the bartender just having a bad night?  Possibly, but not likely.  When you become "too good" to provide even the most basic level of common courtesy and customer service, that's just sad.Will Hopleaf miss my business?  Probably not.Will I spend sleepless nights crying about it?  Nope.Someone at the bar made a wisecrack when I ordered a Fat Tire. And, the bartender was pretty darn oblivious and inattentive, really.So fucking what that I like beer from Fort Collins, Colorado. As Ms. E put it: "excuse us for not being in the beer fraternity."FINALLY I can review the food.I don't know why it took me so long to have an actual meal here.  Perhaps, I fill up on beer too fast?  Too sloshed??  Not sure.  At any rate, a good time was had by all.+CB&J.  Believe the hype.  I'd go back just for this sandwich.+Mussels.  Ditto.+Duck confit w/ lentils & carrots.  Lets just say if I had died on my way home that night (which I think we can all agree Edgewater isn't the best area) I would have been a happy lady.Hopleaf has a beer selection so large it could throw indecisive people into a choice stupor. They have a lot of Belgians, but I'm not so much into that sort of thing. I tend to order Jever, my overall favorite pilsener (I have other favorite pilseners depending on the circumstances and location of purchase), which is not that easy to find, but which possesses a flavor surpassing all others. The superb bartenders know their beers and if you look bewildered enough, or know nothing of beers beyond the additive-laden, American varieties of pale lager, they may let you taste one of the ones you're interested in before you commit to a full glass. If you are not interested in beer, they can accommodate you as well, with many liquors to choose from.I've never bothered hanging out in a any room but the one in front, and I've never eaten more than fries here (which are very good, but simply not what I like in fries, though I do like the garlic mayonnaise/aioli stuff), though I might some day. The lack of televisions is a nice touch, as is the absence of loud music (though it gets noisy enough without it).This brings me to my last point- the only reason I knocked off a star: jackass patrons. Don't come here just because a lot of the beers have a high alcohol content. Further, don't order the beer with the highest alcohol content just because it has the highest alcohol content (it's not that good). It just means you're going to be a lot louder than you need to be for the room size. And it shows your lack of taste and refinement. Not to mention you will end up spending more money, for no good reason.4.5. Yeah, I'm gonna be that guy and split my vote between 4 stars and 5. A cripsy fall day and two words nearly as fine as "encased meats", and those words are "market research". The manager at my work expressed his desire to change out five beers on tap and needed suggestions. Me, being the kind and generous worker that I am, offered my services to help with the arduous task. Oh the humanity!I shall now outline for you the secret to a good Hopleaf afternoon:1. Find the one broken meter across the street. Park in the empty spot.2. Walk in around 4:30 and grab one of several open seats at the bar (they won't be empty for long)3. Chat up the wonderful goateed bartender and ask for suggestions.4. Order the following, possibly in order:    - Leffe Brune (carmely, buttery, fireplacey)    - Tripel Karmeleit (amazing honey notes, thick, yum)5. Order food. Specifically the most delicious Stilton Mac&Cheese (I know, right?) and flakey, tender brisket. Decent side salad. Finish beer.    - "Here, try the Maredsous"  ("not delicious, no thanks")    - Grimbergen (dark, thick, tootsie roll minus the sweet)Leave happy, satisfied, a little loopy, past the throngs which have infiltrated the previously quiet, jazz-infused space. 7:30 is the bewitching hour, after that, your seat will be sniped as quickly as it can be, even if all you're trying to do is go to the loo. Use the buddy system.Viva Hopleaf! Now do me a favor and stop going there so I can actually get in and get a seat after 7 pm.An intelligent bar that specializes and perfects everything a real bar should  and should not have. No television sets- check! Extensive beer and wine selection... that come in their branded god given glasses- check! Delicious 5 star gourmet food- check! A fabu outdoor patio- check! Really, I could go on but I do have a few small qualms that all revolve around the need for a larger bar and more space. Getting a drink here is very stressful. They need more bartenders and more space stat! PS- love the door man with the vegas themed tattoos... so cool!Ill start with the only reason I did not give it 5 stars...  I really think they should either have a list for out door seating or some sort of bar area along the flower box to set your beer and stand next to-as not to awkwardly loom while you wait for the first come first serve out door tables...The waitress was amazing!  I told her what I craved in a world of dark beer and she delivered beyond my expectations...  On a side note I went to buy this beer at SAMS and it was $4 or $5 a bottle which means Hopleaf's markup was not all that much-which-blows my mind not only do they have one of the best beer selections in Chicago it is decidedly fairly priced!I had the Duck Reuben and it was just delicious!  What more could I ask for?  Oh I know!-A spoon or a straw to suck down that amazing dipping sauce for the fries-are you kidding me! That sauce is mind blowing our table clearly almost had a passive fight for that amazing little cup of sauce!  It was no weak sauce for sure!I was dining with some discerning out of towners who had just done the Alinea 23 courses of ecstasy the day before...  They still found excitement here at my neighborhood Hopleaf, little did I know that this place is known at all corners of the earth...  Now I do and understand the wait a little better-darn tourists!  Just kidding!I have had more then a few questions as to what beer I was drinking as with many of the beers you will partake in-it was served in a glass specific to its varietal...  It is - I copied this from the brewers website...St Bernardus Abt 12 The absolute top quality in the hierarchy of the St. Bernardus beers. It is also the beer with the highest alcohol content (10.50 %).A dark ivory coloured beer with a high fermentation. The show piece of the brewery. Thanks to its soft and unconditionally genuine aroma, the beer can be smoothly tasted.The Abt has a very fruity flavour.Hop Hop Hop To The Hopleaf!This star rating has nothing to do with the food or the awesome selection of beers this fine establishment has.It has everything to do with Rob the bartender.Hey Rob,you are a BARTENDER at a BEER BAR, one with TONS OF GREAT BEERS. Maybe you should take some time and learn what you have on tap, or maybe which ones taste better than others, or even just the pretty pictures on the labels.Patron:What are some good IPAs you have on tap? Can you recommend a good lager? I'm looking for something local.Rob:What? Uh, here's a good one (points to nearest tap)Patron:Is it an IPA? Did you hear what I asked? It's kind of loud in here...Rob (annoyed):Theres a lot of beers, here's a list.Maybe Hopleaf should change thier name to 'High Fidelity', then they could hire Jack Black, then Rob the bartender would feel right at home.I'm not saying your a mean guy, just take some interest in your product, like every other great bartender there. I have given up asking you for recommendations, but can you try to remember what I am drinking when I come back up for another? I know, I know - its sort of hard in a crowded bar, but even the creepy guy at my bus stop remembers the hat I wore the day before. My heart sinks a little when I accidentally get your attention at the bar instead of that other cool guy with the beard that is pleasant and knows his shit.Lastly, all of this ignorance and forgetfulness wouldn't be so bad if you weren't so clearly bummed out that you have to get my drink in the first place. You could get your panties in a twist over this review and somehow become even more unpleasant next time I order a drink. Or you could just cowboy-up your awesome job as a bartender at one of the best bars in Chicago.Kisses,DIf I were ever given to choice to choose between Hopleaf's Montreal-style brisket platter and a kick in the nuts, I'd take the kick in the nuts. I stopped at Hopleaf on my vacation to try out some of the microbrews and decided to stay for a meal. I ordered the Montreal-style brisket. The waitress brought to me a plate with macaroni and cheese, cole slaw, a pickle and a mound of fucking fat. I dug through my mound to see if some meat were hidden somewhere inside, but I couldn't find any. When the waitress came back and asked if everything was OK with our meals, I only had to say "well" and point to my plate and she immediately said, "Oh...that's just a huge mound of fucking fat!" I really wanted to order something else, but the waitress quickly snatched up my plate and went to the kitchen. She came back about a minute later with the same plate and the same mound of fucking fat and she also gave me another plate with some fresh cuts of fucking fat. So I ate my mac and cheese and my cole slaw. I dug through the mounds of fucking fat and found a few morsels of meat. I felt like I was at a crawfish boil where you burn more calories playing with your food than you get from eating it. I had never been so pissed off over a meal in my entire life. And this was my vacation, I was supposed to be enjoying myself.I'm guessing I should have said something again, but I'm not sure if I could handle a third plate of fat. 5 stars for the beer selection-4 stars for food and serviceThis place never disappoints!...me at least.  The oysters and frites for 2 is a great intro dish and enough for a light meal.  The selection of beer is amazing too.  I haven't gone there enough or ordered enough beer to list out any favorites so instead I just try something new every time.  Sitting in the back is warm and cozy and great for something more intimate but lively enough to keep it interesting.  Last time I went (last night) I couldn't help but overhear a conversation about satin on gambling tables and casinos justifying paying for big losers and big winners.  Thanks, random guy with the blue shirt.  Hope you scored.  High 5!Hopleaf Bar is great and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to try something different.  PLUS the service was great.I'm not a big beer drinker.  A Pacifico with a spicy Mexican meal, perhaps.  So why did I want to go to Hopleaf so badly? 1) I'm a lame suburbanite who saw it on "Check Please."2) Great frites.2) Children are not allowed in the building.Yes, this is where I chose to go for my Mother's Day dinner.  Without my, or anyone else's, kids.  But listen, I had spent the morning and early afternoon preparing and serving brunch to my own mother and mother-in-law, and I knew that we would need to have a drink after that.  So I pawned the kids off on my rather reluctant mother and ventured off to Andersonville with the hubby.I wanted to try something unusual off the extensive beer menu, so I ordered the Framboise, a raspberry-based Belgian beer.  It tasted not unlike raspberry soda pop, but it went nicely with my grilled ham and gruyere sandwich.  The frites were great, and I wanted to bathe in the garlicy aioli dipping sauce.  But why put the coleslaw *on* the sandwich?  Does warm coleslaw sound appealing to you?  It's not, guys, leave it on the side.The hubby's brisket sandwich was tasty if unusual, without any sauce of any kind.  We split a chocolate-macadamia tart afterward, which was much better than I thought it would be. We arrived at the stroke of 5:00 to avoid the crowds, but the place didn't fill up until 6:00 or so.  And it was full of my fellow lame middle aged suburbanites. You need to come later to tipple with the hip folks.My relationship with Belgian beer began with a relationship with a Belgian man. Through him, I learned about the tradition of brewing in Belgium, the pride and high regard Belgians have for their beer, and the art of enjoying a special brew in a special glass. The relationship didn't last, but my appreciation and affection for the beer remains. There are few places in Chicago that honor the uniqueness of beer from all over the world, and Hopleaf is high on my list. I only wish I could get there more often!Go to Hopleaf, and if I'm not there, have a lambic for me.Why review 206 for hopleaf?  Because it is mine, of course!!Been here a bunch of times, but yesterday was truly enjoyable.   Met with some friends on a Sunday afternoon.  The sun was streaming through the windows, the doors were open, a full breeze was raffling through the bar.  The bartender was great, attentive, but not nosy... getting drinks exactly when needed... this was true for both of the shifts that we went through.   When we first got there, 2 of us were the only people, gradually, it started to fill.  By 5, the place was packed with standing room only.Why 5?  Well, that is when the kitchen opens.  I am typically not a bar food person... no thanks.  I would rather drink my calories.  However, having forgotten to eat, with the help of a few Erdingers, sustenance was needed.  I had the Montreal brisket.  YUM!!! I ordered it with cheese- Havarti I think, It was fantastic.  Not quite as tender as I like, but hey, it was quick, hot, and totally tasty.  One of our group had the Ham sandwich.  He had been raving about it the week before... My thoughts were a ham sandwich?  Ya, enough, I can make one at home.  I got to have a bite.  It was luscious!  I now understand.  Love the fact that no TV s were blaring news, or sports games.  Conversation was the name of the game, and that is what we wanted.  Great place to meet up with friends, both old and new.  The fries are awesome, but I am still thinking about that ham sandwich...Unfortunately, I have to agree with Sharlene.  Check Please pretty much ruined the Hopleaf experience for me (and my husband)  We both loved the place 3 years ago before it was on Check Please.  The place wasn't a completely crowded  zoo and the wait to be seated wasn't an hour and a half.  The bar on the main floor is usually packed  with people 2-3 deep at the bar.  The bar upstairs tends not to get as packed, probably because it's cash only and doesn't have as many taps.  However, it will still get crowded upstairs because people will make the trek back downstairs to the main bar to get more beer.The Hopleaf does have a great selection of Belgian beers.  However, the Hopleaf takes me 45+ minutes travel time on the cta.  I live much closer to the Map Room, and I honestly think they have a comparable beer selection.  So, if I just want some tasty beers I'll hit up the Map Room.The food is still pretty good, but I don't think it warrants a 1.5 hour wait for a table!  Since the atmosphere has become pretty unpleasant I doubt I'll be making the trek up to Andersonville again to visit the Hopleaf any time soon.  It's such a shame, because I really used to enjoy the place. :(I know that this is contrary to the common opinion of Hopleaf, but I think this place sucks.I'm giving it 2 stars for the amazing beer selection.  I'm deducting three for the pretentious arseholes who sit at the bar drinking it. A story:  My wife doesn't like hoppy beers.  She really just wants something that she can sip on.  She walked up to the bar and tried to order a bottle of a major label light beer and was shocked to have the bartender say, "we don't have that".  That wouldn't have been bad, except for the snide tone to his voice.  Add to that the fact that I actually saw a guy two seats down do a fist pump when the bartender said it.The patrons at Hopleaf can all get bent.  I can almost guarantee that I've forgotten about more beers than most of you have tried.  You don't impress me with your faux snobbery.  It's beer for Pete's sake.[To the tune of the 2 Live Crew classic, "Me So Horny"]Oy, so saltyPomme frites, so saltyOy, so saltyAnd they take a long timeAs a devotee of another beer-bar down in Bucktown, I took my time heading north to try out Hopleaf.  Sure, I'd heard wonderful things, but... but yeah, I'm stubborn.And stupid, apparently, as this bar completely delivers on all the promises made to me by other enamored patrons.Hopleaf has, as I'm sure you know by now, a fantastic beer selection.  More importantly, though, they have wonderful bartenders who are very knowledgeable in the ways of beer and can guide you should the menu be overwhelming.  Even if you feel yourself to be a seasoned beer drinker, let them help you find your new favorite.In addition to a fabulous beer selection, Hopleaf has wonderful food.  I had the CB&J - cashew butter, fig jam, and cheese pan-fried to a crusty deliciousness.  Sounds a little odd, but just try it - you'll like it.  Whatever you do, get the fries, they are perfection.Only small complaint would be the noise level here on weekends.  I know, lame, but the brick walls do little to absorb the sound and you end up yelling at your drinking buddies.Hopleaf is the best bar I've been to in Chicago, period.  Let's start with the beer.  It's a bar, after all.  The beer selection is large and excellent: my wife loves Belgians and I'm a big fan of saisons and IPAs, so we can always find something new and fun to try.  On top of that, with the expansion the seating is almost always plentiful, especially if you're not expecting 8 seats on Friday night at 9 p.m.  Go in with reasonable expectations and you won't be disappointed.  The ambience is consistently great - the music levels are lower than at almost every other bar in town, which allows people to converse and enjoy themselves.  The lighting is dark, but not so dark that you can't see the people around you.  I'm always impressed by the warm, inviting atmosphere.The food is outstanding, given that this is, after all, a bar.  It's not your typical burgers and fries.  You get real variety with some new twists on old standards, and some extremely well-prepared favorites.  The steak frites and wonderful, and for everyone who tried the CB&J and didn't like it - try something else!  While it's true that the CB&J isn't my favorite either, the rest of the menu has been a real treat to explore.  I hope this place stays open for a long time to come!God love the Hopleaf!  Probably one of the most chill bars/restaurants/taverns around.  I love that this place is so chill and yet I don't feel like I'm sitting in a dirty dive $hit hole of a place.  They have an awesomely large selection of microbrews and Belgium beers.  I think they have around 300!  If I'm not drinking a cider, I just tell the bartender what I like and they'll give me their knowledgable opinion and suggest a beer.  I've tasted many a new brew this way.  I haven't eaten much here, but I have dined on the mussels.  Fabulous and I plan on tasting more.  Hopleaf get s a little crowded, especially on weekends (obviously), so if you are interested in learning more about their brew selection and looking to taste some new stuff, go in during the week when everyone isn't in a super rush and tcan ake the time to recommend something to your liking.Oh yeah...don't dare ask for a Bud or Miller...you find it here.Multiple choice question:Self-restraint is one of the following:(a) restraint imposed on one by oneself; self-control;(b) something Amanda doesn't have usually;(c) something Amanda REALLY doesn't have with various luscious beer options at reasonable prices; or (d) all of the above.Um, doi, the answer is (d), as if I had to tell you.  One lovely, slightly-brisk early evening whereby we ended up on the other side of the world...ooops, I mean on the other side of town...and we decided to pop into Hopleaf for a drink, a beer, natch.  So we did.And guess what? I exercised some self-restraint rather uncharacteristically. I ordered one beer.  One. Gulden Draak. It means Golden Dragon. Sounds awesome already, doesn't it? It is, trust me. Thick, delicious and 10.5% in the alcohol percentage, one beer was enough for this temporarily self-restrained lady. My like-minded self-restrained young man ordered a Hommelbier (I think).We begrudgingly gave our table up after one round, but I imagine we'll be back very soon.Why?(a) We LOVE beer;(b) we wanna try the mussels and frites;(c) self-retraint in our lives is very fleeting; or(d) all of the above.Come on now. You know the answer.I probably don't need to be writing a review after just having two beers here (and no food), but I loved this place. Somehow we got seats at the bar, ooooh-ed and ahhhh-ed over the beer list, smelled the delightful mussels that our barstool neighbor was noshing, and kicked back a sour beer and a Lagunitas. It's so charming inside! I love it. Thank goodness my ladyfriends scored an apartment just across the street from this place. I will never hesitate to drive up this way ever again! And I hate driving.The only problem with this bar is that it's so damn popular! Luckily, the crowd is a great mix of college kids, starving artists, working stiffs, and aging slackers, so it's generally a good time. The music leans toward alternative jazz, and the selection of beer -- as you probably realize by now -- is tremendous. The bartenders are pretty knowledgeable, and can generally help you figure out what you might like.The restaurant in the rear is a great addition, offering a twist on traditional comfort food, such as rabbit stew and duck salad sandwich. For the less adventurous, there's sirloin and fries or pork chops. The Hopleaf version of ham and cheese -- Nueske ham with gruyere on pumpernickel -- is a killer.Seating is tight, and if it's busy, food service can be slow, but that's what the beer is for.What else can I say about this place?The beer selection is excellent and reasonably priced. The food is delicious, and if you're looking for mussels and frites, then this is the place to go.My only "complaint" is that I wished I lived closer.I really wanted to like this place.  Wait, strike that.  I had no desire to feel any way about hopleaf.  In fact, the only reason I would ever venture this far from hyde park on a Sunday night in the dead of winter is because my friend chose this restaurant for my friends and I to celebrate her 24th birthday.  I don't drink beer, so I was immediately prepared to file this experience as "something you do for a friend".  However, after reading the reviews on yelp, and speaking to others who had been here, my attitude shifted from one of reluctance and hesitation, to one of indifference. They have a policy of not seating you until your entire party has arrived, so be sure to get there together!  The mussels were the best part of the evening by far.  We had them in white wine sauce, which was delicious when dipped in bread (be sure to ask for more bread).   I'll take the blame on the rest of the meal because I ordered the tilapia sandwich, even though I wanted the duck sandwich.  My friends had the brisket and CB&J sandwich and the brisket entree.  All of which were thoroughly enjoyed.  You may be wondering: why 3 stars then?  Well, I'll tell you: a fellow yelper wrote "the staff is openly hostile to customers and the wait can be ridiculous at times".  I am here to tell you, this statement is completely true!  Sunday evening at 6pm the wait was 45min ("luckily" our entire party wasn't there, so we had to wait anyway) which is a little ridiculous.  And the waitstaff are the most oblivious, inconsiderate people I've experienced in some time.  I couldn't tell you my waitress's name because 1) she never introduced herself and 2) we saw her a total of 3 times throughout our meal. She appeared once for our drink order, once to get our meal order, and once at the end of the evening.  Had I not flagged down our busboy, I would not have had any condiments, extra bread, new plates, or gotten another drink order.And to cap it all off: after our table was cleared, we waited about 20minutes for our bill.  We finally grabbed our waitress's attention by making a scene and having my entire table stare at her while she chatted with the table next to us.  So, she walks over, places her hand on our table, leans in, and stares right back at us.  After what seemed like an eternity, my friend finally says "can we have our check, please?"   She then stormed off, and had the hostess give us our check. And that, my friends, was my terrible experience at Hopleaf.  I would give them 1 or 2 stars, but I feel bad that this waitress ruined my experience.  So its a pity-3 star rating.  next time, I'll stick to the Medici in hyde park.  It looks exactly the same as hopleaf but its in my 'hood, so I won't be as pissed about having a bad experience.I would really like to experience this place some day.  But, I have this unfortunate affliction where I like to be able to move around a little bit while I drink at a bar.  I have never been able to do that at Hopleaf.  It is really unfortunate because they do seem to have a really great beer selection.  I hope to be able to try them someday.I guess I cannot really fault a place for being popular but seriously....Okay, as an adendum, I finally got to hang out at the Hopleaf when it was not excessively packed.  It is an enjoyable experience if you are a beer lover.  As far as I know, it is the only Andersonville bar that serves more than one of the Three Floyds beers.  I will bump the Hopleaf up a star from my original score simple because you could go there once a week for years and still have beers left to try.As a further adendum, when the Leaf is not packed to capacity, it is my favorite bar in the city.MY BEER SMELLED LIKE HAMI don't think most people get a whiff of ham when they drink Tripel Karmeliet, but that's what I smelled.  Citrus, clove, coriander, and a briny baked HAM.  But it's all good, because I love ham.  As everyone knows, this place is a beer lover's dream.  From Three Floyds to Allagash to North Coast to Bell's, Hopleaf has a great selection of frequently updated bottles and drafts from breweries across the US and Europe.  The food is also great here with recent highlights including the moules frites (whoever came up with pairing mussels and fries was a freakin' genius) and the brisket sandwich.  If I had to be quarantined in any bar in Chicago for a week, it'd clearly be Hopleaf.Proof that "Check Please!" has the power to ruin everything you've come to love about an establishment by over-flooding said establishment with total douchebags that otherwise have no clue what they're eating. I used to love coming to this place. 5, 6, 7 years ago? Believe it or not, there was a time when you could get a seat at a booth on a Friday or Saturday night. There was a time when the bartenders knew your name and your order or would take the time to recommend something. There was a time when the food wasn't hurried. There was a time when the Hopleaf was a quiet and quaint establishment like a local pub of the Belgian variety. Now it's the kind of place where Lincoln Park professionals will start throwing their coat on your booth (while you're sitting there) to mark their territory and then take up a whole booth just for 2 people when there are groups of 5 or 6 people who could squeeze into the booth. Yeah, battle of the fittest or some bullshit like that is much more valid than neighborhood friendly bar, I'm sure. Really depressingly is that they used actually use a garden behind their back end to grow the greens and herbs used in their food organically and deliciously. Of course now that their patronage has grown so much, they quit that practice. It's no coincidence that their food was better years ago. I guess it's a fun place to take someone for fancy beers and to impress them with garlic mayo and fries.(See pics) I really love this place, lots and lots of great Belgian beer and very decent food!!!The line is ridiculous in the evening but you can grab some fantastic beer while waiting for the tables.I always sit at the back or outside when the weather is warm, both are much more quiet and less bar scene like.The Kwak beer is one that I found to be really cute as it ooks like a scientific experiment or half of an hourglass tube! Me like.Of all the bars in Chicago, this has the best food, the best beers, and  a fantastic location. 5 stars.Oh wait, it's the size of a doghouse, gets 900,000 patrons per night, and you can't hear yourself think. Completely pointless unless you like screaming, standing, and strangers rubbing their junk against you. Perhaps they should offer a beer & breakfast menu since they can't possibly hold the number of people who want to be there on any given night. -3 stars.You're way better off at Konak.Bottom Line Up Front: Excellent Seasonal Beers Paired With Fantastic Pub Fare.I had a good time at Hopleaf. This is saying something considering the circumstances. Over the course of my accident prone evening...1) I lost my contact because I got poked in the eye by a patron who was having a very animated conversation with his friend. The bartender gave me a free beer and got the sympathy/digits of a pretty girl at the bar.2) My buddy who came with me to the bar noticed that his glass was chipped. When he told the first person who walked by our table (he happened to be the manager or something) about it our meal of mussles and frittes (amazing) and sausage plate were on the house.3) I got blind drunk and lost my phone. The super accomodating bouncer used the "flashlight app" on his iPhone to look under the tables until we found it.Moral of the story: While it's probably not a good idea to go out with me unless you like to see someone just fumble his way through life... it is an excellent idea to go to hopleaf.I love this place! I don't come to Chicago that often, but I do actively seek great beer bars every place that I do travel.- I would say hands down the hop leaf is my favorite beer bar! And the food is also spectacular!It can get loud and crowded on the weekends, but a wonderful place to get your beer on! Especially if you like the Belgian things! HOPLEAF IS THE CHURCH OF THE NECTAR OF THE GODS!I'm betting that Hopleaf is one of the most reviewed locations on Yelp with 415 reviews at the time I am writing this. So what can I say that hasn't been said? Absolutely nothing. So here are the headlines:Huge beer list (half of the Hopleaf's 200 beers come from Belgium) Great Service Open 365 days a year Food that looked tasty (based on Belgium bar food; mussels, sandwiches, etc) Places by the fireplace to cozy up and relax 1920's beer posters decorating the wallsLike most everyone else- I really liked this place. Now if only I could do something about making it closer to my house!Good lord! This is where my Tapas Las Ramblas date takes a turn for the worse. Of course after some strong red wine, what better way to follow it up than with some strong ass 9% beer!  Delirium Tremens to be exact... do you know what that means? I see it everyday at my hospital, its a symptom of alcohol withdrawal... you start having the shakes.  Great idea huh? Seeing as how I didn't really remember the last part of Las Ramblas I should have ordered some water, but no, instead three Delirium Tremens wench!  Damn, I wish I remembered this place....Nice place to have a beer.  V comfortable, no TVs, jazz music.  Not pretentious either. If I was woody allen, I would write a screenplay about me going back in time and hanging out here w/ chicagoans from the 50s.   Or at least whip out my clarinet and play some gnarly dixieland licks.I was here Xmas day so I'm sure it was a little different visa v a normal day.  For 1, it wasn't crowded.  I heard sometimes this place is more crowded than Marvin. For numb 2, there was no food.  Which was fine (not starvin).  Anyway, if I ordered fries and was told they were frites it would've ruined the experience a little bit.  I highly recommend this place for me.  I plan on going back soon.The Beer Bistro is  for RedEye'd zombies. Hop Leaf for one (and Quenchers & Map Room for three), also have massive beer menus without having to make their bars some sort of Novelty Act.The beer list (11"x17", two-sided) is formidable.  Fire at random... why would they have a BAD beer on tap?  Or, talk to the bartenders -- absolutely no pretense here, they'll tell you what you might like, and if you're a Tabula Rasa type-drinker, they'll tell you what you WILL like.They have a great selection, and they focus on Belgian wheat beers with an all-encompassing regional sampling.  If you're currently ordering Blue Moon, 312, Oberon and the like, come to Hopleaf and order something with an umlaut on it -- you'll thank me for it.  The deal is, each Belgian town makes their own village beer, and each beer has a special mug with which that particular beer tastes the best in.  Yeah, they have all those mugs too.  Gotta love it.Very nice dark wood bar and "newly" renovated/expanded inteior has created a lot more sitting & dining space.  They do serve WAY beyond typical bar fare here.  People are low key Andersonville types and the bar volume (if that matters to anyone but me) is ideal, a rumbling of conversation that doesn't have you screaming into your pal's ear.What to write about a place that already has 650 reviews? Let's talk about my sex life instead.I'd give it 3 stars because it's not something to brag about but selection is amazing.Visiting my friend Jerel in Chicago, I suggested Hopleaf for mussels before the Cubs game."I never get out this far."  he said.From the Berwyn stop on the redline we meandered through the charming and homey Andersonville neighborhood on the way to hopleaf.    "This is strange."  Jerel said.  "Where are the sirens?  Where's the noise?It's kind of creeping me out."We waltzed by cute houses under a leafy green canopy.Once inside, Hopleaf was a rustic European bar, that wasn't packed, as I had feared.  We sat out on the patio and ordered the Mussels with the Thai sauce, served with crunchy bread and a large cone of fries.  Waitress was quick and friendly, if distant.   Hopleaf is a good pub atmosphere with good mussels, in a damn cute neighborhood.What can I really add to over 200 reviews? From that number alone, you should know to expect to wait for a table if you plan to eat. Or come early, grab a bar stool and enjoy the mind-boggling selection of awesome beer. Lindeman's Framboise on tap, a delicious porter (my fave) and beer hoppy enough to satisfy my husband makes this an excellent place for any beer lover! PS - they have a room upstairs that you can use for private events. The lovely Andy snagged it for one of our book club meetings and it was perfect.I really enjoy going to Hopleaf. Great Food, Great Beer Selection, Good Atmosphere!!!I am a bit adventurous when dinning and love to try new things.They have a huge menu of craft and Belgian style draft and bottled beers. I tried the Bosteels Tripel Karmeleit, Bockor Cuvée des Jacobins Rouge, and a Rabbit Huitzi as it is brewed in Chicago!!! All great beers, I wish I could have tried more... next time!!!I started off with Rabbit Sausage, wood grilled, I never had beet mostarda before and it was excellent!! For dinner I tried the Venison Loin that was wood grilled with the root vegetables, fantastic, the best venison I have had in any restaurant!! Desert was a Cocoa Nib Financier which the Dragons Milk caramel sauce was to die for!!!The staff was friendly and our waitress was knowledgeable and had the right timing of serving food and drinks and I never felt rushed or ignored.I highly recommend Hopleaf!! Be careful as parking can get tricky and wait time to be seated can be 30+ minutes on a busy Friday or Saturday night, but definitely worth the wait, you can grab a drink while you wait which is nice!! The only other item to note is they do not allow any children even newborns so that can be a plus or minus depending on your situation.I give Hopleaf 5 stars for one reason and one reason alone -- B. E. R. E.    Uh, I mean, B. E. E. R.   BEER!  I mean bee-eee-eeeeeer.  By the grace of Zeus, it's like I died, arose to Mount Olympus, was granted entrance by a Hora, a hipster-wannabe "bouncer" (in quotes...I think my date could've taken him...with a Q-Tip), then I look up to peer into the face of Zeus and my gaze firmly locks onto the bounty of beer balanced upon the banks of ledges.   I could've sworn I saw hundreds of beer bottle gods gazing longingly down at the demi-gods (read:  taps) along the altar (read: bar).  I had seen the face of Zeus, and he handed down to me many goblets of the drink of the gods.....beer.  Any beer.  All beer.  Whisky if I wanted.  But, beer.  We would've stayed here longer, but my allergies to douchebags was acting up, and we headed out far too quickly.  I can't wait to go back.  I hear they serve food here too....Definitely DON'T go on the weekends if you mind waiting and a crowd.  This place is always packed Friday, Sat & Sun nights with around an hour long wait.All the buzz is with good reason though!  I go to the Hopleaf as often as I can when up in A-ville.  The beer list is 1 of the best in the city and after eating their black forest ham sandwich with pommes frites and garlic aoli, my roommate and I would break out in spontaneous moans remembering and craving that meal.  I went back months later to eat again and had to order the sammich and fries again.  I know their other food is good, but I was fiending!!My favorite time to go is on a weekend afternoon, still hopping with people, but no wait.  Recommended beers!!!3 Floyd's Rabid Rabbit---OMG V. good! brewed w/coriander, rosehips, camomile and lavendar.  Has 3 types of Belgian yeasts adding a caramel flavor to balence out the bouquet.  So wonderfully balanced, a great beer all by itself or as desert.Maresdous Dubbel 8---A BIG effing beer.  And I don't just mean size, there's so much going on in this flavor!  I think Dubbels a scosh lighter than a Porter; still imbued with all that chocolately coffeey deepness, but also has a spice and malt to it that Porter's don't.  Leffe Blonde---perfect for summer.  Light, aromatic, very slightly citrusy Belgium ale.  It has the hoppiness I love and the flavor a lager will never match.I'll stop with my all time, never fails me (since Bell's left that is) Fave.Unibroue Fin du Monde---I don't even care that it's not on tap.  Come to think of it, I've never had this beer on tap...hm, there's a challenge in there I think...Anyway.  By far, the best beer for any day, any time, any mood as long as you're keen on a little buzz because at 9% this beer don't fuck around.  Hoppy, spicy and smooth with perfectly balanced malt.  Damn! Now I'm thirsty.This place definitely gets more charming after a few beers. And the clientele is very interesting...including the couple whose table we crashed in the bar area...they were funny and nice and the conversation made our hour-long wait for a table fly by. Hopleaf's Pros: Great selection of beers, good solid food, decent service, rustic decor, lively crowd, good energy.Cons: Crowded, they don't take reservations, hour to hour and a half wait on weekends.Lots of beers to choose from (too many!) and I had trouble deciding what to get. I was trying to stay away from my usual stout and go with something different...something Belgium, so I tried the Tripel Karmeleit, which was good but a little lighter than I was expecting. Went back to my oatmeal stout for my next round, needed something heavier to go with the food. Mini fries are addicting and good. Mussels were tasty. Braised beef cheeks--well done and flavorful. Pepper steak was also good. All in all a good experience--I was indeed charmed by Hopleaf.This is probably the worst bar experience I've ever had in Chicago.  I came there with a group of 6 friends for some late night drinks on a Saturday night.  The bar was packed, which I kind of expected based on recommendations of my friends.  The hostess downstairs said we'd probably have better luck upstairs finding a table.  We found two small tables and were immediately informed that we wouldn't get any sort of waiter and would have to get our drinks from the bar (though the kitchen was open for another hour and we DID in fact want to order food).We tried to order drinks from the bar upstairs which is much smaller than the bar downstairs and was met by an extremely rude bartender (number 1) -- since the bar has many beers, we asked for a recommendation.  The bartender proceeded to point to the board and grunted "this is what we have".  After replying "So, there's nothing you would recommend for someones first time here" he replying "Are you stupid, the beer list is right here, do you want something or not!?!".  After that, we tried going downstairs thinking that maybe this bartender was just having a bad night.  Here we were greeted by a female bartender who must have been having the same bad day as the first one.  We were ordering beers for our whole table (since the waiter refused to speak to us and actually walked around our tables to serve food and drinks to the other tables) so we again asked if there was a "beer they would recommend, perhaps a good pale ale".  The bartender sighed, picked up a menu and literally threw in at my friends face and walked away.  Finally, after picking a beer and ordering enough for our table we were drinking (though no longer in a very friendly mood).  For the next hour we were very obviously glared at by the busboy and waiter as we tried to put the earlier slights behind us.  Then, at midnight we were informed we had to get up because the kitchen was now closed (though we weren't able to order food for the last hour) and we couldn't sit in the "upper dining room" anymore.  We had to go back to the main bar area, which was very crowded and had no room to sit down.  Needless to say, we gladly obliged and proceeded to go somewhere else, anywhere else...  Though I'm sure a place like this doesn't really care about serving people and repeat customers (they must not if they encourage this behavior) for the first time in a long time I can say "never again" to this place - which is unfortunate given their beer list and promising atmosphere.Hopleaf certainly has the best beer selection in Chicago, of this I have no doubt. They're always rotating there plethora of tap beers (though most stay the same) yet they always obtain new ones, a remarkable feat by any standard!  A selection of Belgians second to none. A really great food menu as well (try their mussles, best I've had not on the east coast).A wonderful bar with wonderful beers. What more could one ask for. And I hear people complain of their prices; they are wrong, for such great beers, their prices actually are quite on the low side, I find myself spending the same amount at Simon's for a much less worthy brew.So what else could one ask for?This review is more on the beer than on the food, as I have yet to have a full meal at Hopleaf. That said, the beer selection is pretty amazing. I love Belgian style beers, and I could definitely spend a day at this bar trying different brews. The few food items I had were great as well. The space is great, it's a perfect place to meet up with a friend to chat.Another yelper (An P) is totally right about Hopleaf. What ever happened to you, Hopleaf?Great food, awesome beer selection, but what happened to the service?Waited an hour and a half on a Monday night for a seat.. no biggie.. they're busy and the place was packed..  plus got to go to George's Ice Cream and Sweets down the street :POnce we were seated we promptly ordered the mussels and the mac and cheese.. Two really, really good dishes.. Forgot what I had to drink, but I've never been disappointed in trying different beers which this place has a plethora..Problem was I could of used another beer or two with dinner and we could of gotten another ginger ale as well.. Unfortunately, we didn't get more drinks as the next time we saw our waitress after taking our food order was about 30 minutes after we were done eating.. She came back with dessert menus to which we just asked for the check. Another 25 minutes pass.. No check.. Finally she brings the check and doesn't come back for another 15 minutes so we left leaving cash..Hopleaf, I know you're busier than before, but you can't leave people alone unattended for so long. We would of been happy to stay more and drink, but that would of required asking if we needed anything else.. If we wanted, we could of just left without paying as the place was overpacked and our waitress was nowhere to be found.. tsk tsk..I've been to Hopleaf quite a few times but I've never reviewed it. Why?  I feel like the reviews are best left to the beer connoisseurs out there. I am not one of them. I'm not a beer snob. I know what I like but I can't discuss in great length with you the hoppiness of this beer or that beer or latest microbrew that's been unleashed on the market. I've tried quite a few beers and have been please with all of them. I'm partial to lambic and quite enjoyed what I've slugged down my mug. Hopleaf has more than just beer, they have food too. The mussels and frites are excellent and live up to the hype. You know what else lives up the hype? The crowdedness. Yes, this place gets quite crowded. I even stumbled into HL on Christmas and while it was not overly crowded when I arrived it was when I left...around 1AM. Be prepared to fight a crowed, inhale some mussels and  peruse the impressive beer list. It's all worth it.Bravo! What a great place for fantastic beer, lively atmosphere and tasty eats! Hopleaf is definitely a place to be for Yelpers.I arrived on a Thursday night and this place was packed! It didn't take long to snag a table, but I could instantly tell that Hopleaf gets busy often. They offer loads of amazing drafts and even have a whole separate menu for the bottled beers. Simply put, it's Andersonville's interpretation of beer heaven. I tried so many different beers that it's a little hard to remember ( =) ) but one of the standouts was Kwak. It's a great Belgium beer served in a unique glass, and it's quite an experience.Food was also involved in this visit, not much...but some. I personally ordered the onion straws (rings), and they were mighty tasty! The aioli that was served with them seemed almost unnecessary. A friend of mine then ordered a CB&J. Imagine is a fancy grilled cheese and a fancy PB&J had a love child. The CB&J consisted of cashew butter, fig jam, raclette cheese and it was served on sour dough. It's a wonderful adult version of the classic.I can't wait to go back. It was a damn good experience last time and it will be another great experience as soon as I get my butt over to Chicago again. If you're on the north side, go check out Hopleaf.Best bar hidden on the darkest suburban streets that I hope to ever meet.Three levels of fun with a super extended beer selection to match the masses of college students, bar-goers, and parties that flow through the door of the place.This is how I discovered beer.No, I'm not kidding.American beer is by and large, bitter swill.  Even the good stuff, produced by microbreweries scattered across the country, are hardly palletable for me, thanks to overactive bitter taste-buds.  But a guy from work understood my pain, offered me one of the wonderful brews carried at Hopleaf, and I was forever hooked.  Victory, thy name is La Fin Du Monde.But it gets better!  This bar literally has walls stocked with obscure imports from all over Europe, including *mead*.  Even something as obscure and difficult to obtain as Trappistes Rochefort 10 flows like water here.  This bar is seriously a Belgian lover's paradise.  At one point they actually carried Westvleteren, quite possibly one of the best beers in the world as rated by ratebeer and beeradvocate.  They only stopped offering that rare treat when the Westvlereten monks restricted sales to the abby itself.  How's that for going the extra mile?The appetizers are similarly famous.  Few can complain about consuming a large pail of Mussels while downing frothy meal-like beer in glasses specifically designed to accent the flavor.  Take a group of friends, sit back in one of the booths, and relax!Hopleaf is dark and crowded, you usually have to wait for a bit for a table amongst a sea of hipsters and beer snobs, the waitstaff look like lumberjacks, and oh yeah this place is so totally awesome!Hopleaf is a date night fave, not only because it's dimly lit and warm and intimate inside, but the food is bomb, the alcohol is good and plentiful, it's reasonably priced, and did I mention the food is bomb?My boyfriend and I waited about 20 minutes for a table for 2, which was not at all unpleasant due to the bar up front with a nice selection of craft and Belgian beers. It was chilly that night and I had not yet hit critical levels of seasonal depression. At this point, I was still like WOW SNOW!, all about my winter "accessories," and hadn't even thought about burning my big, black down coat in the second biggest fire in Chicago's history. So I ordered a hot beer, the Quelque Chose. I know, hot beer sounds exactly like hot barf, right? But it's not - it's really pleasant and the perfect thing on one of those early winter nights before you completely bury yourself in a deep dark hole until June.Ordering the mussels at Hopleaf is like dipping your French fries in your milkshake. You just gotta do it. We got the mussels for two, and at first I was worried that it wasn't going to be enough for me and my boyfriend, who has a bottomless stomach (no. seriously.), but it turned out to be a really good amount and we both enjoyed a deep food coma that night. The fries came out hot and crispy, and really, can you ever go wrong with a side of aoli? Didn't think so.Yeah, there's a lot of hype, and yeah everyone in the joint looks like they ride fixed gear bikes and listen to bands way before they're mainstream, but that shouldn't keep you away. Hopleaf is worth joining the hipstas for a night.Love the Beer selection, love the food, love the divey vibe ... don't love the jam pack crowd. If you come up for lunch on the weekend, you will absolutely get to enjoy what's best about this location. Super nice wait staff as well. Street parking can be found.I've found the perfect time to come to Hofleaf -- 3:30 on a Tuesday afternoon and 4:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. I had a friend in from out of town on business this week and I adjusted my schedule to hers, which meant I was awake way too early, but I was finished for the day early, too.  Which means.....drinks at 3:30!!We visited Hopleaf two days in a row because she liked it so much.  The bartender, Slim, was great and very informative about the beers.  He really helped us out over two days of trying new things.  Easily, the best service I've had at Hopleaf, of course, due to the quiet hour I'm sure.  He even bought us a round!  Nice!I think I'll stick to heading here before 5 during the week.  Prost!Still holding strong at 4 stars.It's a bar in Anderson that has alot of beer.It's good if that's your thing. My friend likes the selection of Belgium ales. Me? I'm more of a wine/whiskey  person.I say $11-30 a person because you'll end up buying at least two pints/glasses of something. They let you sample stuff if you're not sure you'll like it (probably as long as it's on tap)We got to Hopleaf around 6 PM on Saturday and were lucky enough to get one of the last tables available in the bar area. The place was packed, with all the few wooden booths taken up along with the wall. However, food apparently is not served out in the bar area so we had to get in line to put our names on the waiting list for the dining area. We were told the wait was between 35-45 minutes. While we waited for one more in our party, drinks were ordered.The environment seemed pretty fun, a mix of patrons at this place, ranging from young hipsters to older, Europeans. The small wooden tables were very close together and it was quite dark. It was rather quaint, and it did feel like a bar one might find in Belgium, complete with an intricate, tin roof. The bar looked to be fully stocked with impressive amounts of unique beer. I was amused by the different shapes and sizes of the beers being consumed all around; a woman drank a beer out of what looked like one of those round-bottom chemistry flasks complete with a wooden holder, while others sipped from big beer mugs and some from miniature wine glasses. You actually had to go up to the bar to order drinks, but despite the crowd, it didn't take too long to get a drink.After almost an hour, we were summoned back to the dining area where we were seated at large, wooden table next to the fire place. The brick interior was very inviting and the metal, tiled ceiling was pretty neat too - giving this part of the bar a much more warm, modern feel. There were also sky lights up above and we could look out and see what appeared to be a nice patio dining area (which would have been nice to eat at were it not 60 degrees in the middle of summer!).We got our menus and two things caught my eye: (1) very few (and bizarre) food choices and (2) expensive given the venue. I kept re-reading the menu, as if I stared at it long enough something a little more bar-food like would appear, but to no avail. This food seemed fit for a Viking, not a boring, picky eater like me.I was happy to see something familiar, so I ordered the onion rings as an appetizer for us to share, but I was in for a surprise. These should be more accurately named onion 'strings'. The strings were very greasy and brittle; it made for some messy eating. They were served with a side of spicy mustard, but trying to dip the brittle pieces into this didn't work. Numerous times we asked ourselves if there was a "proper" way to eat these things.I was not feeling brave enough to order any of the mussels or the rabbit stew, so I went for what looked safest on the menu and ordered the Montreal-style Brisket sandwich on rye with the "frites". Our meals finally arrived after a long wait, and at this point I was starving. I took a bite of the sandwich and it immediately fell apart, so I resorted to eating the brisket with a fork. Parts of the brisket were very fatty and the flavor was pretty bland; I didn't taste any of this so called "Montreal rub" that was supposed to flavor this. Some parts of the meat looked undercooked in some areas too which made me not want to eat it at all. The bread was also pretty stale. Fortunately others at the table didn't mind this and ate my leftovers. The fries were very good- thin and crispy- but there was apparently no ketchup at this place! I guess this is a good thing for the 'purists' out there, but it just made my meal a little more dreadful. At least I had about 5 times the recommended serving size of fries on my plate, so I got pretty full of those. At this point though I wasn't very happy that I'd basically paid $12 for an order of fries with no ketchup.I really think food is an afterthought at this place, so I'll chalk my bad food experience up to that since I think first and foremost this place is a BAR. The ambiance was fun and seems like it would be a neat place to hang out for some drinks, but I will definitely not be heading back here to eat anytime soon. The egregious wait time, coupled with the limited, strange, and bland food definitely makes me not a fan.I've been here many times over the years, but come here less and less as time goes on simply because it's too crowded. Most recently, I was here for a bachelorette party at 4 pm on a Sat. We had seats in the bar area, but it was still very crowded. We moved into the dining room around 5. This was the first time I've ever managed to eat in the dining room because every other time I've tried the wait has been approximately 2 hours. We started with mussels and frites. We got both kinds of mussels: curry and beer. In my opinion, the beer ones were far superior. The frites were delicious, per usual. For my main course, I opted for the CB&J sandwich, which everyone is always raving about. It came with a side of potato chips and mac n' cheese, which ended up being way too much heavy food for one meal. The sandwich was fine, but I didn't think it was the best thing ever. I was underwhelmed by the mac n' cheese and the potato chips just seemed unnecessary. I think this dish would benefit from a side salad or something a little lighter. Virtually everyone else in our group liked their food but also felt it was too heavy. Several of us needed to take Zantac after the meal just to make it through the rest of the night!I think Hopleaf has its pluses, but for me, the large crowds are the main reason I usually opt to go elsewhere.Great food.  Anything you order will be perfect, except for the burnt pile of greasy fries they give you as a side, but I can let that slide.  The beer selection is incredible.  All beer afficianados, come here.Hopleaf is wonderful and, from the 500+ reviews of this place, it looks like the secret's out. So I guess going on a weeknight, or Sunday. And it's still going to be a bit crowded then. But I think that they use their space well and if you hang out and chillax for a bit, you will find a place to park the ole caboose.The 40 beers on tap are worth the wait. And the bottled beers are great, too. I never get the same thing twice; I love having little taste tests that always supply good tastes and a buzz! And for those of you who don't know about the food...it is to die for! To go to Hopleaf just for the food is worth it! From the mussels, to the pomme frites to the sandwiches (the CB+J and the duck Reuben are both out of this world)...the food is unique, yet familiar and always delicious.So if you haven't heard the secret, lean in...HOPLEAF IS AWESOME AND YOU SHOULD GET THEE TO THIS GEM IN ANDERSONVILLE POST HASTE!Rating here based on bar value since I have yet to try their food, but the beer is so damn good I never get to eating!If you want to go to a bar that is my verison of six degrees of separation you have to go here.  ::Tangent warning::I moved to Chicago from Detroit over a year ago and when I did my old neighbor told me that he would call his friend who owned this bar (The Hopleaf) and that they could help us to blend with the Chicago environment and maybe treat us to a few pilsners.  After I moved here my two friends who lived in the South loop heard about me moving to a place just off Foster and they were like, "Oh there is a great bar out there you have to go to, The Hopleaf"My buddy from Grand Rapids comes into Chicago for a business trip and comes to visit on night and is like "Hey I know this great place we have to go to, The Hopleaf."Lastly, an old friend from MI had come over to visit with her dad and her pops was going to hang out with his old high school friends while she stayed with I.  Her dad's old friend - The owner of the Hopleaf!!!!I swear I am going to call this place Kevin Bacon pretty soon.The beer selection here is the best in the city.  Don't go expecting to get anything you have ever heard of, unless you often drink Chimay, Victory or Mead.  Every beer on tap is a new taste for your palate and they have like fifty beers on tap it seems.  In addition they have many more in the coolers.  You could literally go here every weekend for a whole year and not get the same beer twice.The food, I have heard, is good yet being I am a vegetarian I don't think I will try their rabbit or duck dishes any time soon, though if you dig on these I bet they taste great.  They do have vegetarian dishes, but honestly I go here to drink, not eat.  The only down side would be that it tends to get very crowded, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.This is probably the most known establishment in Andersonville and deservedly so.  Now if I get one more line of connection between this place....I say go here - now.Dane is growing up... after years of downing wine, whiskey, hard cider, and gin by the bottle, but disliking beer, he has finally started to enjoy it.  Dane is a beer drinker now.  And Hopleaf is a good place to explore that curiosity.  As 100's have already attested, Hopleaf has one of the best beer selections in the city. They also have a vast wine list, and I still love that you can order bottles of Normandy cider here (one of my favorite things to consume, but difficult to find in a store sometimes let alone a restaurant).The place can be pretty crowded and at times standing room only, but it never really feels like a crowded bar even so.  I think the mellow, chill, and responsible crowd really helps that.  They don't take reservations, which personally I think is good because I rarely plan that far ahead... but that might mean you have to wait 30-60 minutes for a table too.  But you can drink at the bar while doing so.The food here is at least reliable, and often very good even.  Of course their specialty is the mussels.  I like the Montreal style smoked meat too.  On my last visit I had a braised venison with braised cabbage and beans.  Personally I think the dish was cooked at too high of a temp too quickly, as it was a little tough and wasn't very "braised" ... Nothing on the plate was overwhelming or all that flavorful, it was really just OK across the board, and it was one of the most expensive things on the menu. Next time I'll stick with the known-good standbys.NO kids allowed, no teens even.  No TV's here either.  +1 for standing your ground Hopleaf!Well, I am a sucker for all things Belgian (especially beer), so it is only natural that I loved Hopleaf.  At first, I was a bit turned off by the huge crowds in the smoke filled bar, but my trusty companion and I were able to snag a booth and peruse the menu while we waited for our table and enjoyed a beer (or two). I understand from regulars that the menu is always changing, but I trust that the Belgian-style mussels and frites are a staple.  It was my first experience with mussels, and they were delicious!  I'm glad that we went for one of the special appetizers, which was an interesting combination of pate mousse with fig compote and pistachios served with raisin bread toasts.  It was a taste sensation!  We also tried the goat-cheese and lentil croquette, which was essentially a falafel sandwich.  It was good, but not as outstanding as the rest of the meal.  We were too stuffed to venture into dessert territory, but I will definitely save room on my next trip.Hopleaf doesn't need anymore reviews on the food and drink (yes: the CB&J sandwich with stilton mac and cheese is to diiiiie for, totally totally gout-worthy).  It occurred to me when I had dinner here last that that I should instead offer some ideas on having a good time here:- get there before 6pm.  I'm serious.  That way you can get your choice of a booth or a table in the front or a table in the back.- if you're in the front, you order your food and drink at the bar.  Someone will bring the food out to you eventually.  If you're in the back or upstairs, you get the more traditional version of dining service.  Patio's just open in the summer.- the staff will probably be rude to you.- seriously.  Get here early.  And be prepared to spend a good chunk of money, entrees are at least $10 each and the booze is generally north of $8 a glass/bottle.- get the CB&J sandwich.Dear Hopleaf,I'm your 732nd reviewer...whatever. This doesn't mean I've succumbed tobecoming another one of your beer groupies. Just setting the record straight.Let's rewind some 8 years ago.  You see, I was a new kid on the block and not a big fan of consuming anything with hops. I still kept it simple...vodka soda without fruit. Do you remember the snarky comments you would make about how my preferences didn't match your expectations?  How about the time you simply ignored my presence? Oh, the best was when you accidently broke my glass in the sink and scolded ME for not just ordering a beer. I remember all of it clearly. Yes, my bad for returning---but my ale-loving friends fell for your nonsense.Fast forward to present day. Been a while and I see you've picked up some mad game. You now cater to the avid wine sippers, fruitless vodka folks and mussel aficionados. Your CB&J sandwich with side of stilton mac n cheese (yo!) is a crowd pleaser and would keep even the prudiest of food prudes loyal. Since the expansion, you seem cleaner and more attractive...love the brick walls, patio and 2nd level space.  I've had a decent time with you since our initial encounters but have yet to be totally sold. Your crew is upbeat and has given informative wine suggestions (with a smile)....impressive turn around since the old days. Speaking of turn around...Belgian beer has been going down pretty easily lately..maybe we can meet half way.All my senses had a great time. Thank you. My eyes were delighted by the pleasant setting. My sense of smell stimulated my taste buds.The sound of conversation, happy cheerful people, enhanced my good mood. When I finally touched the mussels and fries with my hands and began to eat I realized immediately I would come here again and again.Love the mussels, french fries and especially the mayonnaiseWhy would I want to crowd into smirky Hopleaf, with its bitchy door guys and arrogant bartenders when friendly Simon's and Konak's are only a couple yards away?Skip it. Just 'cause Dan Savage hangs out there and they serve some Belgian ale made from polar bear pee doesn't mean you should go. The food is good, but so is the food at my mom's house and she won't pick a fight with you if you burst into song. Seriously, don't try that here. Hopleafers hate joy!I refuse to mint this place.  I absolutely refuse to.Sure, it's a good place to go get some (expensive) craft beers, micro brews, etc.  Sure, my service was prompt and the busboys worked at light-speed to remove my spent mussel shells from the table.Sure the mussels in white wine were damn good; tons of tasty broth, chunks of potatoes, bacon, and shallots.  Sure, sure, sure...Damn you hopleaf.  I know what you're all about, a Belgian gastronomic pub that caters to the hipster d-bag crowd, the ones who like to dress up on a Tuesday and drown themselves in pomp.  I can't blame you aging hipster d-bag, this beer is too heady to miss out on, this food is just too refined, too likable.  First of all, go early (5 pm on a weekday, much earlier on a weekend), or you'll be relegated to the bar area where the service seems spurious.I did admire the ease with which the kitchen turned out dishes, very fast, very efficient, high quality.I'm not sure why I want to hate this place.Maybe it's because I feel out of place without a pair of fake Tina Fey glasses and a sleeve full of witty repartee.Damn it.  I'll probably be back, but not because I want to.When my dear and venerable friend in Chicago required a thorough lesson in the changing state of beer, we made for the Hopleaf to dine and sample several brews.The atmosphere is terrific, conveying a strong sense of a clean, well-maintained yet still rustic tavern.   The inside seems larger than the outside suggests. The beer selection is really phenomenal.  I live in a corner of the country, where only the largest craft brew from other regions make it to market.   What an advantage to live in the midwest and then be able to pick and choose from the other three corners all the best they can offer!   The menu at Hopleaf is built around two principles of either contrasting flavors with beer, or being hearty enough to keep you drinking for as long as possible.   My choice for this was the duck reuben, which, if anything, is even richer than the menu describes and enabled a heroic binge.  My friend had the far more delicate tilapia, the decidedly lightest option on the sandwich board. Our table service kept the steins full, which is always the number one part of pub service.The day I showed my old boss the "Stuff White People Like" site was a Red. Letter. Day. in his life. For nearly two hours he sat hunched over at his desk, crying with laughter and reading some passages aloud.The one that really stuck with him was the one about expensive sandwiches. Specifically the line:"Also note: white people will wait up to 40 minutes for a good sandwich."Actually, go read that particular post. Google it, it's hilarious.I'll wait....So tonight, I met up with my friend at The Hopleaf for drinks and dinner because SHE did not totally lose her mind and space out when she was supposed to buy tickets to Wye Oak/Decemberists like a certain writer of this Yelp review that I could mention. And when I got there - literally, the minute my ass hit the seat of the barstool - a steak arrived for her - all covered with some kind of herbed butter and smelling like steaky heaven and magic on top of some fries that were absorbing all the steak juice and...it was a lovely lovely thing.It took me a good ten minutes AFTER her steak had been dropped off for me to flag down the bartender to order a beer and a sandwich. Specifically, some badass 9% ABV Belgian wonderbeer and a goddamned DUCK REUBEN.Here's how the menu describes it:Served on marble rye; Pekin duck breast, slow-roasted, w/cranberry cream cheese spread, house-made sauerkraut, emmenthaler, pommes fritesDUCK REUBEN. MAGIC BELGIAN BEER. THANK YOU HOPLEAF.Except I end up waiting for about 40 minutes for my DUCK REUBEN. In the meantime, my friend has to get her ass to the show and has already polished off her steak and is graciously letting my starving ass pick at her fries (which are full of steak juice) because it has been 40 MINUTES and my sandwich has not yet been assembled. Nor has anyone come by to check on...anything.The guys behind the bar at Hopleaf? Were in the zone. And that zone was not a helpful zone. Or a paying attention to the ENTIRE BAR and not just one part zone. And I KNOW it's easy to focus on one chunk of people and accidentally forget about everyone else, but after a minute or two you snap out of it, ONLY THESE GUYS NEVER DID. At one point I was holding my empty glass up by my face and staring them down and being patently ignored for 20 minute stretches.I'm not a high-maintenance patron but this is one of those things you learn in Serving 101 - if food is going to take a long time, let the customers know and keep their beers full in the meantime. It keeps them happy (read: drunk) and it keeps them from straining their neck to look every time the kitchen door opens.My empty beer and the fact that we were totally ignored by the staff and the fact that a sandwich seriously took 40 minutes just make me sad because I LIKE the Hopleaf. The food is awesome, the beer selection is ridiculous but the service was just not....good. At all. And that sucks.Hopleaf, I still love you, but you dropped the ball on service tonight.My boyfriend is a BIG beer fanatic...borderline beer snob. We made the trek out here on a rainy, windy Saturday night from the Loop. That's how much he was looking forward to go. This bar does get crowded on a Saturday night. They have a front area bar/dining area (more beer on draft), dining area in the back, and upstairs (serving bottle beers; cash only upstairs). It's hard to find seats at the bar so expect to stand awhile and wait for a seat. For a beer newbie and a beer snob, we were both impressed with what they had on tap. As a female, I particularly liked the:- Lagunitas - very light and crisp with a citrus aftertaste- DuPont - Avec Les Bon Voeux . At a hefty 9.5% alcohol content, this drink does not taste like it! But it's good. I don't drink my beers fast but I was enjoying this one beer quickly. A good drink for any females and males. We also ordered the charcuterie and it was good , except for the picked little eggs (stay away from those!). It was a good pair to the drinks that we had.I've been to Hopleaf a handful of times and I've always enjoyed it.I'm not much for waiting to eat-- I get rather ornery, but Hopleaf has a lot of space where you can chill and have a brew or two, especially if your party is smaller. Keep in mind that you may be waiting for over 2 hours if you're a party more than 6. I witnessed it first hand, and boy, were they drunk!!I've always had a beer I liked here. The prices are pretty great and there is something for everyone. On the top floor, they have less bottles, but that's to be expected--and you can ONLY pay cash up there. They carry Revolution beer here which is pretty tasty, and I don't have to go over to the west side to get it ;)I have tried the mussels, the charcuterie (you can mix and match your meats), and the tilapia sandwich (breaded). I've heard great things about the CB&J but I really need some type of meat in my dinners.The mussels are fantastic as well as the two broths you can choose from. I believe one is made with beer, the other is not. The charcuterie was pretty good. They serve the most pungent and delicious spicy mustard that I would have loved to take home! The tilapia sandwich was ok, but it was coated in thick bread crumbs. Mind you, it was a hefty piece of fish but I was expecting something lighter-- as if! The fries here are phenomenal and they don't skimp on portions! They aioli they serve with it is addicting... really... REALLY.Bottom line: Shit ton of beers from you to choose from. Long waits. Amazing fries. You should come here at least once in your lifetime if you live in Chicago and enjoy beer (GOOD beer).Unibroue - Trois Pistoles?Maredsous Double Bock?Barabas?It can be difficult to choose a person with whom we've had a relationship and pick "the one." Each is unique and different in their own special way.  The beer at Hopleaf? - it's the same way.  None is  better, nor worse, just different.  I'm sure you know what I am talking about.CBJ Sandwich - Cashew Butter, fig Jam sandwich morbier cheese and with a side of mac & stilton cheese.  Ahhhhh heavenly?!?!?Belgian style mussels? Hedonistic.Very cool, Sunday afternoon mixed crowd of women, men, diverse couples and singles? I enjoyed talking with you!   See you next Sunday afternoon!This place has its strong suits.  Mainly the world class beer list, and it's a somewhat cool space even if the crappy tables and chairs aren't up to the prices.  The food is fairly tasty (mussels not so much) but a bit overpriced,  but the big problem is that the service is consistently WEAK.  I am talking AMATEUR HOUR here...downright PATHETIC.  Management should hire some more wait staff, train what they are stuck with or get their heads out of their A**es, but do SOMETHING!! Zagat has a class of restaurants called "Teflons", those places that are popular for NO currently relevant reason, that coast on their reputations; this place is well on its way to that status.  See ya.I am a huge beer snob.  Huge.  Many people don't even ask me if I like beer, because of my high standards.For that, Hopleaf would have received 5 stars.  They have a massive selection with some excellent brews.However.When I was there last, I had some issues with the non-beer list part of Hopleaf.1. One of our party of six asks the hostess how long it will be.  To which the hostess replies "I don't even know.  Hours upon hours."  Another of our party arrives, and not knowing that person one put her name in asks the hostess, and he gets the answer of 45 minutes.  I don't know how long it took, but the same hostess told two different people of the same party two extremely different answers.  Interesting.2.  After waiting for not all that long, we're told our table is ready.  Excellent.  So we're pulling out chairs, sitting, and the hostess stops us.  "Oh, wait.  This isn't your table.  Sorry, you guys are gonna have to go back to the front and wait.  We saved your table up there."  Well, they didn't, because we gave it to some other people.  Incidentally, they sat us at that same table that wasn't ours 10 minutes later.3. I ordered a cobb salad.  Yes, I should have ordered still alive beef that I had to kill myself to prove my masculinity, but I really like cobb salad.  Correction, I really like other places cobb salad.  3a.  This cobb salad was the approximate size of a side salad.  Possibly smaller.  It came on a smaller than entree plate, and didn't cover more than 50% of the plate.  For nine bucks, I'm not expecting a prime rib, but I'm expecting more than 36 cents of lettuce.3b.  I think it was a sidebar of there not being any food on my plate, but it was missing the requisite things that comes on a cobb salad.  Namely chicken, egg, and bacon.  The things that make it delicious and filling were not there.4.  Because of this, I had to ask for the menu again, and get something else to supplement that sad, sad meal.  I ordered the sausage plate.  That, too, kind of sucked.Sorry Hopleaf.  Sam's has a better beer selection than you, and least sitting at home I can jerk myself around in a much better fashion.I've been lucky enough to have been traveling to Andersonville to hit up the Hopleaf for several years, pretty much since I moved to Chicago.  First and foremost, the selection of beers is fantastic, especially in regard to those of the Belgian persuasion.  I've been lucky enough to sample some incredibly rare (oh, and tasty) Belgians here.  For those of you lambic lovers, the Hopleaf has, at times, been lucky enough to get Cantillon Jonge Lambik on draught.  I've heard from fairly reputable sources that it may be the only time it's been available outside Belgium.  And it's not just the incredibly rare.  They have a few beers in almost every sub-genre of Belgian style beer.  It's almost guaranteed they have some stuff you've never had before.  Always cool.In the past couple of years, they've expanded drastically.  In this new space, they've opened a second, smaller bar and a full kitchen and (smoke-free!!!!) dining room.  The menu is small, but quite diverse in selection and always has interesting selections.  This past weekend, wild boar stew and veal sweetbreads sat aside the more common steak frites and ham sandwich.  Their specialty (surprisingly) is Belgian-influenced foods, especially mussels and fries.  You're also likely to find at least a couple of dishes made with beer as an ingredient.  Reward your taste buds with one of these fine dishes.Occasionally, I have a gripe with the service.  Sometimes it can be quite gruff and cold.  However, my last trip was actually the best service I've ever had there.  Perhaps it's an issue they're addressing.  We were asked to vacate our table, which was a little frustrating.  However, upon leaving it turns out we were asked by another selfish, ridiculous patron and not by the staff.  They apologized profusely and told us we were welcome to stay as long as we wanted.  My only true complaint is that I was unable to tell the bastard my true thoughts.Anyway, I'm a fan of the Hopleaf and would recommend it anyone.  Hopefully you'll enjoy your experience and try an awesome new Saison or Flemish Sour Ale while you're there.This place is packed for a reason. Why is everyone always so quick to blame everything on "yuppies" ? Are they really invading your life that much? I'm not going to go on a tangent about this, as it is a review for the Hop Leaf, but I think everyone needs to chill.So, the beer selection is absolutely incredible. There is something for everyone and the staff is really knowledgeable. I always get the mussels because I have cravings for them on a regular basis. The ham and cheese sandwich is to die for and it's a sin not to get the fries with garlic mayo (which come with both dishes!) So I think everyone should just drop their pent up hatred for each other at the door and learn to mingle with an eclectic crowd who obviously all share the same interest: A really good time :)The beer list is un-beatable.The food is great.The atmosphere is comfortable and sort-of classic.The service is terrible.  The Hostess is bitch.  The waitresses are aloof and inattentive.  The Bartenders are unfriendly.I'll be back.many moons back a highschool buddy's mom used to own this joint and thank goodness she sold the place to people with incredible insight and heart.The customers are pretty damn friendly here as my group grew beyond the maximum capacity of the cozy booths and led us to playing musical chairs with a couple of groups who smiled and simply made it into a game of accommodating us.Beers RAWK and mussels are still tasty heart warming goodness as the cold chicago weather seemed at least 3 miles away despite just being right outside the front door.Metered parking on clark only lasts 2 hours so bring many quarters to feed( yes DD's still exist and can have loads of fun without getting loaded here).It does get packed as somebody obviously told a friend who told 2 friends and so on and so on....so get there early and stay late as this place is good food for the soul.I had been wanting to go to Hopleaf for quite awhile.  So, on our "vacation" day in the city the husband and I met some friends for mussels and beer.  We ordered the mussels for two and beers to start.  Since the portion is not that much more than the mussels for one it was great for a starter.  The mussels come to the table in a pot filled with white wine, celery, onions and bay leaves.  The mussels were a great texture but I thought the broth had a Thanksgiving taste to them.  I think I prefer an Italian style.  The mussels also come with an enormous funnel of frites.  I used to think that the fries at DMK Burger were my favorite but these are hands down the best fries I have ever had.  We moved on to the CB&J and macaroni and cheese.  It was really good and I was happy that my friend shared it with me.  The sandwich tastes like a warm fig newton with cheese.  An unlikely but delicious combination.  The mac and cheese was good.  I was glad I could taste the blue cheese.  I also sampled a bit of a side salad and other appetizers.  All good but nothing that memorable.  The beer list can be overwhleming.  I was hoping for a bit more guidance from the waitress.  I would go back if someone else wanted to but, I feel like I tried enough on the menu so I can move on to somewhere else.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago!! You obviously must order the mussels - which are some of the best I've had in Chicago - plump and delicious - not at all gritty or fishy - and come in generous portions. Plus they're served with warm rolls and hot fries w/ aioli - can't get any better than that! The duck reuben and CB&J are also soo good. This place is always packed so be prepared to wait when you get there. Head upstairs to the less-crowded bar and grab a beer from their extensive beer list. They also have great, inexpensive house wine options. Street parking is pretty easy, which is a plus if you don't live in the area.I usually don't review places that already have hundreds of thousands keystrokes devoted them. But I'm doing it for a specific reason. On paper Hopleaf is the kind of gastro-sassy, treat beer like wine to out snotty the guy next to you place that I would make fun of a little. I've been places with rabbit on the menu that take themselves and their station in the world a little too seriously. But I have to say I may need to reevaluate my prejudices. The place, the staff, the beer and the food were all outstanding. A friend and I wandered in around 4pm for a few beers and some food. The kitchen didn't open for an hour. The knowledgeable and articulate bartender kept us trying new things until we could order. Every beer he directed us to was perfect. When the kitchen did open we had the sausage plate and the steamed mussels Belgian style- again recommended by the bartender. Both were out this world. The sausage plate was a little small for $12 but was delicious. The mussels for two at $21 more than made up for it.   I'm usually wary of being the 1st to order from cold kitchen but it appears the back end staff don't walk in at open, they're ready to rock at open. Just great food.The whole place, including patrons, was down to earth and welcoming. I imagined snide and got neighborhood. My expectations couldn't have been more wrong. I will go out of my way to go back often.Wow, what a selection of Belgian beers!  Hopleaf has one of the best selection of Belgian beers I have ever seen.  They also have a wide selection of other micros.  The food was also amazing.  I had a rabbit stew, num num.  Pair that stew with a dark Belgian by the fire on a winter night = heaven.I was so so so disappointed in this place. I have been hearing great things about it for so long.So my boy friend and I went there one day...we walked in and grabbed a table. There was like one other couple who was also in there. We all just sat there while the staff walked around and gossiped. No one would even look in our direction.Finally a snotty bartender told us "no food until the back room opens at 5" That was in 15 min. And then she proceeds to snipe that there was no table service in the front.WTF Ever. All of us left.Now, I am not an unreasonable person. But really a little nice-ness goes a long way.The fact they let us sit there forever and basically ignored us is what got to us.I found it to be pretentious and rude and I wouldn't go back. Not when there are like a MILLION other pubs in this city with good service and good food!The only reason I gave it one star is because I had to.This place is awesome. The atmosphere is really cool and they have really good food. The mussels and frites are some of the best i've had.Their staff is pretty rude though, so you don't get my five stars!This review is the first in a series of upcoming reviews I've been meaning to write for awhile. What can I say? I'm a little backlogged. I've been here several times now and eaten twice. Great beer selection. Everyone knows that. I'm partial to pretty much any Trappist ale on the menu. Very limiting, I know. Expensive, too. But when you taste it, you know where your money went. I've never had anything to drink other than beer each time I've gone here, and doubt I ever will. With the selection they have, why bother? A waitress who served us was especially helpful to one of my dining companions. He had just recovered from a very serious dietary tract ailment that required surgery and chemotherapy and was just given the all-clear to begin resuming a somewhat normal diet that could again include meat (but nothing red) and beer (but nothing dark). Given it was his first time here and the insane selection, he needed some assistance in making a choice to keep with his doctor's orders. The waitress was stellar and knew EVERYTHING on the menu that he asked about. He wound up having like 3 or 4 different beers off the menu with her help. Thank you, kind and knowledgeable waitress, for helping my friend have a great and healthy welcome-back-to-food meal! First time I ate here, I had the venison meatloaf. Nicely seared and crusty on the outside, hot, moist and medium on the inside. Quintessential hearty cold-weather Midwestern comfort food. The last meal I had here started with mussels. They gave us a monster plate of 'em and a big damn bucket to discard the shells into. You like fresh seafood? You like shellfish? You like butter? Good, you'll like their mussels. You've never had seafood for some reason? Maybe you're turned off by the consistency? No? Well, if your dining companions order some, try one. C'mon, just one. It won't hurt. In fact, it'll help. My main course was leg of rabbit in a stew. This was the first time I had ever had rabbit. It's not bad, but I wasn't really a fan of the stew so much. It was creamy and full of vegetables, but a tad on the bland, if not gamey side. The rabbit meat was nice and lean and not bad, but I wasn't impressed enough to order it again. Still, it was nice to try something that I've not had before and will gladly give kudos to Hopleaf for carrying this. Yes, this place can get ridiculously crowded. Luckily, both times I've eaten here, it wasn't. One was a weekday afternoon, the other, a weekend early evening. It's a little more expensive than I care to spend more than every great once in awhile, but I do need to eat here more often. The food's too good not to, as is the beer.I do know what to say that hasn't already been said about this great place.Give me a second...(mmmm)The guy working the door that night was one of the most pleasant and accommodating bouncers I've met.Hopleaf is currently my favorite restaurant in Chicago.Once i came here and ate duck crepes, rabbit legs, and lamb stew.  I literally ate a petting zoo.  If the idea of making a meal out of what some people might keep as household pets makes you a bit squeemish, I hear they have some pretty good vegetarian options, but seriously, who needs that shit?By far one of the best local destinations in Chicago. The crowd is a bit of the pretentious intellectual type but I cannot stay away. Their beer selection is seasonal and amazing. If you choose to stay for dinner, the wait is usually shorter than the hostess tells you and is worth sticking around. Food is moderately priced and worth every penny. I am unsure of what mussels one of the reviewers below me had, because we only come for the mussels. Over the summer they had a Thai coconut mussel option that comes with the most out-of-this-world fries that every mussel fan must try.The York Creek cab mix is extraordinary despite their small wine list. Good for dates or groups. My favorite in summer! Must try!Yet another otherwise great place that is just basically not an option because of the lunatic scramble to get there ever earlier in order to secure a comfortable experience. I'm sorry, but I have better things to do than go to a bar at 530 in the evening just so I'm not rammed up against a wall by the back of someone's chair or four people deep away from the bar. The tragedy is that I live in the neighborhood, it should be my sweet go to.UPDATE: OK. So I really actually do like this place a lot when I can get it, which I've done plenty of times lately now that I am old and prefer having early drinking affairs to late ones. Their back patio is a perfect place to spend the waning hours of a summer afternoon, and their menu is of course unassailable.great menu. great beer.  WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!!  the servers in there look SO disinterested unless your a regular i guess.SO BAD I WANTED TO CHOKE MYSELF WITH A MUSSEL SHELL.never againNote to self: hop over to Hopleaf again soon.  This is definitely the spot for you beer lovers out there.  Or you food lovers.  The food ain't too shabby here.  Our table shared a bottle of Domaine Dupont cider made from 6 different types of apples from France.  And I really wish I could have Belgian style mussels for dinner every week.  The broth, made of ale, shallots, and celery was mouth-watering fantastic and explains the french bread served up with the entree.  The fries and garlic aioli are another story, which I will summarize for you as "the epitome of deliciousness".  I will be back to 1) dine on the outdoor patio, and 2) try the duck reuben!  And the order of mussels and frites?  A given.This review will be split into two parts. One part will be on the food and one part will be on the service.First off the food there is really good. I had the pork chop special. It was cooked and seared to perfection. The meat was tender and the sides went very well with the cut of meat. This place also has a wide assortment of beers from all around the world to right in the back yard of Chicago. Great variety and a monstrous selection. I went with friends and they all enjoyed what they ordered.Secondly is service. Let me start out by stating my philosophy on tipping. Tipping is not something that is deserved. It is a direct reflection of the service received. Now granted it doesn't take much to make me happy, refill my drink, have a good attitude and just be nice. Fulfill that and I will be more than willing to tip very generously even more than say twenty percent. Well there was an air of pretentiousness to the entire situation that I felt slighted. I knew going into the situation that is was not going to be the run of the mill prices and we were OK with that. I thought maybe it was just a misunderstanding, but once the end of the meal rolled around we all shared the same feeling of our waitress being slightly pretentious and very short while also trying to push us out. Overall we unanimously said the service was very sub par for the amount of money we spent. So when we came to a consensus that we should leave a small tip it only made sense.So you may think that would be the end of the story but that wouldn't quantity 1 star would it? I always read 1 star reviews and think that doesn't constitute a review like that. One star reviews hurt the business but as you will read I really feel this is necessary.This sequence of events happens as we get up from the table. My friends are a couple of steps ahead of me at this point. Our waitress goes straight to our check book and opens it up. I haven't made it more than five steps to the door before she chases me down and decides to start a confrontation. It starts out with her saying my friend is dumb. He can't possibly realize that he is tipping on the whole thing. Of course he doesn't understand that he is tipping on the whole bill. She then proceeds to ask me why she deserved such a small tip, the entire time she was becoming visibly more and more frustrated. As I was about to take my wallet out and give her more (not because she was a good server but because I wanted to get out of this extreme awkward situation) she says "fine just fuck off". Now I have worked in the customer service realm and to me this was just unheard of. It doesn't matter what the customer did, I would have never have confronted them and for no reason at all would I have sworn at them. She storms off towards the back and I make my way out the front door where my friends are waiting for me. She then comes running out the door to confront everyone. She starts yelling at us and we give her some reasons why she received such a low tip.She was having none of that and our criticism went on deaf ears.Overall I'm sure that this place probably has great servers and with the food it would have been a great dining experience but after what our server did I had to come here and write a review.Come for the beer, stay for the food. The steak was great and if I am not mistaken, about $10. The sausage plate is a definite winner. But forget all that, this place is in my top three locals in Chicago. Not so local to my neighborhood, but well worth the trek. Be prepared to stand, though.Edit 2/24/06Returned for a birthday dinner here. Holy crap the onion rings are great! And I hate onion rings. They are so thin and nicely fried that there is no stinky onion juice dripping down or onion smell lingering. They are like french fries! A must get.Great place to hang out with friends. I particularly liked that when I was there, it wasn't too noisy. It waas VERY crowded though. The drinks can be a bit pricey, but they have hundreds of beers to chose from. I even asked for a beer that I used to get when I lived in Singapore, and when they realized that they didn't have it, they immediately gave me their card, and said to come back next week and they would specially order it for me.WoW! That's what I call proper service!Great place to impress a date if you know your beers (and your geography haha)I don't get why people fault this bar/restaurant for being crowded, isn't that a sign of a good establishment? I have never gotten to eat here because I never feel like waiting for two hours or going to eat dinner at 5. Clearly the food must be good, because even before Check Please there was a long wait. It all smells fantastic, and I would love to try it sometime. I only wish they took reservations or let you order food at the bar. Personally, I love their beer selection, that is why I go here. There are so many different beers to try, and even though the selection at the upstairs bar is smaller, there are still numerous beers to choose. The upstairs is by far less crowded, and the bartenders have always been really nice to me. Even when I couldn't read the sign right in front of me that said cash only. If you want to go out and enjoy a few tasty different beers, without getting blitzed,  come here. If you don't want to pay the "high prices" for excellent beer, or you want to get shitfaced, perhaps go somewhere with a $1 PBR special or a house party.   One more thing, go here with people you enjoy talking to because there are no TVs.I used to live 4 blocks down the street from Hopleaf.  One of my fondest bar-hopping memories in Chicago is going to Hopleaf at 2:30am, right before closing, with a friend who had just flown in from California.The Hopleaf ain't that place anymore.  I haven't spent any money there since about 2008, but I've tried to go back a few times.  Last time, I was told that there would be a ***SIX HOUR WAIT*** for a table.  What's up with that?Not worth the effort, crowds, and attitude.  Beer list is still good, but, thanks largely to the influence of the Hopleaf, many other bars have started carrying decent selections of Belgian beers.  So there's that, at least.Hopleaf has some tough business issues that they should confront if they care about their long-term patrons.  Are you still a bar, or are you an elite dining establishment like Alinea?  You can't be a *BAR* if there's never space for your patrons.  And you can't be *FINE DINING* if your customers have to elbow through a crowd to get to the restaurant.But the national fame has gone to their head, apparently.  Who needs to satisfy the neighborhood customers when you have the entire city willing to wait hours?My friend and I met up there for an early dinner.  The wait was supposed to be 45 minutes, even at 6 pm, but it was about a 30 minute wait instead.  Crowded, noisy, but worth it.  The beer is nicely priced and the food is as well.  The mussels Belgian style were so good, especially the broth.  And the CB & J?  I think I will be dreaming about that sandwich.  It was awesome.  Who knew cashew butter, fig jam and morbier cheese could taste so good?Love Hopleaf... but go with friends. It's hard to meet people in this place. Even on Friday and Saturday night when the place is packed, it still has a 'dance with the one who brought you' feel. That said, it is a GREAT place to go with friends. Beware of the menu prices or you'll wind up ordering an $11 bottle of beer. Excellent selection of Belgians, if you're into them. Though I love Hopleaf, I would probably opt for the Map Room when it comes to best overall beer haven due to service alone. I've never experienced above average service from the place. The nicest staff are the doormen by far. (And they're actually pretty great.)9/4/07 UPDATE: Not sure what I was on when I wrote the previous review. The Hopleaf is right around the corner from my house and stocked with some of the best beer on the planet. But I would still rather drive to Armitage and drink beer at the Map Room because the staff is so much nicer there. (Doormen aside. Hopleaf doormen are always very nice. Always!)I also had food at Hopleaf for the first time a month ago. They have skinny fries that look like they'd be delicious, but really they're hard and cold about a minute after they arrive. The onion rings or strings or whatever (I LOVE ONION RINGS) are gross... The side salad I ordered cost $5 and was smaller than my fist. I have friends who SWEAR by the food at Hopleaf... I just don't have the guts to spend more than $15 on an entre after such mediocre apps. Sorry, Hopleaf, I really WANT to love you.They probably don't need my review, but I'll write something anyway. I was there for a good bye party on Jan 5. We had a large group, so there was a bit of a wait time; plus, it was Saturday night. We waited at the bar considering there were over 60 beers on tap! So many choices; luckily it wasn't very little time haha.I don't really like hoppy beer so my friend recommended Ommegang - Art of Darkness. I give it five thumbs up :)So we finally got a table. The waitress was very nice and friendly. She was extremely knowledgeable in beer. Given it was a busy night, she stopped by our table to check in on us every now and then. We didn't have to look around for her or anything, except when it was time to pay, but that doesn't really count. Service was excellent, I'd say!Now onto the meal:OMG the Broken Arrow Ranch Quail is to die for!! As well as the Squash Wellington. I am drooling now just thinking about these dishes! The dishes were neatly and splendidly presented. Definitely not your typical bar/pub food. The quail was perfectly cooked and was very tender. The pecan puree added a nice touch to the dish. The squash wellington burned my tongue because I couldn't wait. It was a great combination of food with the tumeric-apple butter sauce, brussel sprouts, leeks, and turnip. A fantastic option for a vegetarian.For sure I'm coming back.Remarkable draft beer selection at good prices--even aficionados should be able to find something new to try. Really beautiful space. And our sandwiches (CB&J and the ham/gruyere/pumpernickel) were great. Will be back often!It was a super lazy, chilly, sunday afternoon and my husband and I finally decided at 5 pm to get up and leave the house.  Hungrier than ever, we make a list of restaurants we have been wanting to go.  (this is a great idea  for future use also).  Suddenly Hopleaf came to mind, as we had been there once for drinks before but have been thinking of going to eat  there ever since.  We made the drive up to Andersonville, and were immediately seated  on the second floor overlooking the rest of the restaurant.  It was so cozy and warm...perfect!  It seems wrong, but we ordered wine and not beer.  The wine list is huge and really affordable, not to mention how delicious our Syrah was.As I mentioned we were super hungry, so we ordered a ton of food. mussels, salad, a cauliflower little baked dish and skatewing.My midwest upbringing tends to hold me back from appreciating the delicacy of mussels, oysters, etc...but I'm learning.  What I really loved about their mussels was the broth!  I could of ordered an entire loaf of bread and lived on dipped brothy bread. mmmm..Also, bonus, the fries that come with it and the aioli sauce are awesome!  Maybe too many though...we attacked them like free corn chips in a Mexican restaurant..definitely took a toll on us when it came to the rest of meal.Salad - Awesome.  Cauliflower baked creamy thing - pretty good, if I were to take out one thing from our meal it would have been that.  The side of carrots and chard tasted soapy to me though.  (hence the -1 star).Skatewing - Really good - Capers on top made it for me.When I get over my "beer hurts my stomach and wrecks my whole body syndrome" I will be racing back for some good times at the bar!Sometimes a place makes you feel right at home, even though it's always packed and you can't come here on certain days. Hopleaf is really the original gastropub in Chicago, doing things that every other place is doing, but for the most part doing it better and doing it much longer. Hopleaf is the standard bearer and is always a fine choice on the north side.There's not much I can say that others have not. The food is great - probably the best mussels in the city and well priced for the portion size. The frites and aioli are fantastic and are a welcome sight as a side to the mussels. The duck reuben is genius and delicious and I want one right now with a side of stilton mac and cheese. That's right folks, blue cheese mac.If you like charceuterie then Hopleaf is the place for you. Great selection of cured meats, pates and terrines. The one thing I haven't had yet that I always bypass for mussels is the CB&J sandwich. I hear nothing but great things so next time I go this sammy will be mine (and, sammies come with frites and aioli, sucka!)Despite the food, many people come for the beer. Hopleaf has one of the best beer selections in the city on menus that are easy to read and organized well. From a long list of America crafts to an abundance of belgiums and limited-run beer, Hopleaf really has most everything you need in a great atmosphere. The decor is great and there are no TVs, which is a nice change of pace from most places. I appreciate the upstairs space to hang out if you don't want food or are waiting for a table downstairs. I also like the fact that you can mill around and get a table in the front and eat there too by ordering at the bar.A lot of people hate on Hopleaf because of the wait time, especially at night on a Wed-Sat but that's the state of this place. It's popular and tremendous so why mess with what works. Hopleaf was going to expand into the empty storefront next door but that hasn't come to fruition, probably due to the economy.  I say leave it as is.As far as negatives? A couple times the food came out pretty slow but our server was apologetic. I'd also skip the deserts because I've never had anything worth getting no matter how great it sounds. It's been a while since I've been here so perhaps the deserts are better. We shall see.It's about time for a return trip. It's time to pack on some mussel!5 stars for the beer selection with 3 stars for the food averages to 4 stars.  The place is huge because apparently they expanded the space recently and it was like a maze trying to get upstairs- great place for groups to gather.  The beer menu is pretty stellar with pages of various craft beers all on tap! For a self proclaimed beer snob, it was definitely up there in my list of happy places.  I always try to start off with a local beer and the Two Brothers Revolution did not disappoint.  One of my girlfriends stuck with the tripels which were all tasty, strong, bit sweet but that's expected.  The Kwak came in such a cool contraption that it's worth ordering just to drink out of it.  The BF had a memorable oatmeal stout that punched you with flavors of cocoa and coffee.  As for the food, I had the CB&J since it was highly recommended by yelpers.  Although wary at first, it was quite good.  Bread was a little bit too toasted because it hurt the roof of my mouth whenever I took a bite, but the cashew butter was delicious.  Mac n cheese was ok, not the best I've had but it's a good small size for a tasting of it.  I swapped out the potato chips for a side salad like recommended by someone which was a good idea to cut the heavy mac n cheese.  We all shared the mussels in beer.  The broth was tasty, mussels I had were kind of anorexic, and the fries were on the soggy side.  Tried some of the ham sandwich on pumperknickel and I thought the bread complemented the ham very well.  It was too salty for me but my friends enjoyed it a lot.  A TON of fries come out with it if you care about that.  Took a bit of the grass fed steak which was fine but I did feel like I could have that at home.  Not bad, just not special.  Recommend it for dinner with a group of friends, very highly recommend it for beers with friends.Yeah, I'm not with these 5 star people.  My mom and I went there last Sunday and were thanfully early enough that we didn't have to wait forever.  I've been wanting to go there for a while and glad that I finally got to try it, but my overall impression is that it's not a place I'd work that hard to get to again.The beer selection is huge, which is great if you really like to try different beer.  I do enjoy difference, but some of the beer on the menu was extremely expensive, so I wasn't about to venture that far from my usual.  There is no table service there, either, so expect to be standing at the bar for a while when you want something (and if you're lucky, you'll get a little attitude to boot!).  The food?  The menu looked way more upscale than I would have expected from a beer joint and it wasn't very big.  I was thinking pub grub -- though hopefully something vegetarian, as that is what I am.  It is hardly that (pub food), which I can appreciate, but the vegetarian food on the menu was too complicated for what I was in the mood for that night and it was MUCH more expensive than I was in the mood for as well, so we didn't bother.  The seated dining area did look like a pretty nice atmosphere, though, so it might be a good place to try sometime when you're in the mood for that.I'm not sure why the people who have reviewed this place before me are so damn psyched about this place.  It was pleasant enough, but not all that.  If a friend wanted to meet there, I'd go -- unless it gets as crowded as they say -- but I'd probably never recommend it as a place to meet, myself.Rewind the clock about 6 years and I would have given the Hopleaf 4-Stars... but I am so put-off by the hordes of quasi-yuppies, pseudo-intellectuals and overall drones that frequent this place in recent years, that I just cannot bring myself to give them a positive review these days. Plus, it is way too crowded for its own good, especially on the weekends... not surprisingly.The Hopleaf does have an amazingly broad-spectrum beer selection and they tend to rotate in new selections periodically... which is awesome. But the prices here have steadily been on the incline... and the people that frequent it have gotten steadily more and more undesirable from the viewpoint of a non-trendy, non-elitist. I have gotten into too many philosophical discussions in which people quote some obscure literary reference and act all haughty that they "won" the argument.To be fair, I should be giving this place a 3-Star rating, but I'm a bastard... so they get 2-Stars. When I go to a bar, it is to have a good time and get warm and fuzzy drunk... not to be forced into pseudo-intellectual waxing-philosophical gobbledegook. Give me bourbon or give me death. Wokka wokka...Obviously the place has a beer list that knocks your socks off.  Their food is very tasty too... they've got super yummy mussels and the frites are just like I remember from the netherlands with that mind-boggling mayo dip.  My parents love this place and will drive from the suburbs just to eat there... then they call me while stuffing their faces to gloat--jerks.  The one thing I will say is that I always end up waiting for a table, and I've been there and waited significantly longer than the hostess had initially promised--you know, I don't mind waiting for a table, but don't lie to me about how long it will be.Again, I dream about their beer list... mmmmmOne word: unimpressed.We went here on a semi-busy weekday night to check out the famous beer selection. The card-checker was rude, and then nobody came to take our order. Maybe that's the way it is at Hop Leaf, but I got the impression that there were one or two servers going around.We had a round and left...probably never to return.I really really love the mussels.  They are delish enough that I come back even though I'm heading to a bar the specializes in beer.  I hate beer.I have been here many times with my beer drinking husband and his friends.  The ambiance has a little to be desired but I am willing to make a trip once a year, just for those mussels.I always have been, and will remain a fan of hop leaf - they have a great beer selection and great gastropub food. I've never had anything there I didn't enjoy.  My only complaint - I think the new addition looks great, but they managed to buy the most uncomfortable bar stools of any bar.  I was there recently with a friend and after sitting on those metal stools for 2 beers we decided to leave because it was just uncomfortable!  If you go, try to get a booth or the stools by the kitchen - or stick to the old bar side!Never again.- We were told, on a night where the bar area was not packed, that it would be a 30 minute wait for a table indoors. After 45 minutes we checked in with the hostess and she said "I couldn't find you so I gave your table away. We can seat you on the patio."- Super windy on the patio, so there was no light because the candle kept getting blown out.- Usually after you get your food, someone comes by to ask how things are or if you want another drink. If someone had done that, maybe I could have told you my meal was awful before my dinner companion finished his entire entree. It was, without a doubt, the WORST steak I had ever eaten. Maybe I could have seen it was all fat when it was placed before me if I could have seen anything on my table.- After the plates were cleared, the waitress FINALLy came over and had the nerve to say "so I bet you have room for dessert now."It's really a shame. They have lots of good beer. They are a short walk from my house. But I will NEVER go here again and will tell how awful we were treated and how terrible the service and meal was to anyone and everyone who will listen.This very popular gastropub does not disappoint when it comes to beer.  I tried Hopleaf on a late Sunday afternoon and the place was full.  This makes the service less than stellar.  It fits the bill of a typical Belgian cafe.  The beer list is not a list but a book.  The menu isn't huge but includes mussels, fries, and other pub food.  My friends I nash-ed on a ham sandwich and fries.  The waitress said it had won "Best Sandwich in the city."  It was fine to snack on but not an award winner.  It was greasy and I couldn't eat it by myself.  I wish they offered more tasting flights.  I got the sense that unless you are sitting at the bar, it is complicated to just get a tasting of the various beers.As for ambiance, the exposed brick and high ceiling in the back is pretty and makes it feel like a drinking hall.  There is also a patio out back.  Overall, this is a nice spot to get hopped on some craft beers, but I'd eat somewhere else.People, this place is terrible.  There are rats in the food and roaches in the beer.  The waiters spit on you, if they choose to serve you at all!  It's been written up for no less than 45 health code violations, and is, in fact, condemned.  Stop going here.  Never go here again.Are you listening to me?  No?  Crap.  My five-star rating has given away my clever ruse.  I love this place and have been going here for years.  When they started serving food, I was gleeful.  The mussels bathed in belgian white with a side of perfect fries are amazing.  I crave them.  With a side of Fin du Monde or perhaps Hogaarden.What I don't crave is the hour long wait to get in here.  Every.  Day.  The crowds never cease.  So go away everyone!  Beer is bad for you!  Mussels have cholesterol!  Fries make you fat!!!  Go someplace else, or just stay home!  I will make the sacrifice and eat it all for you.  I know.  I'm a saint.This place has a great beer selection... if you can get a second beer, that is.I've been here twice, and both times the food was just alright, but the service was horrendous! Both times I finished my first beer long before the food came, and the server never appeared until it was check time - not even to make sure the meals were ok. When I'm willing to pay way too much for imported beers, I'd appreciate being served them! I'll for sure never go back.Amazing list full of amazing beers. Just try not to get overwhelmed and just pick one. You probably won't be disappointed.Amazing food that I'd consider well above even gastropub fare (as opposed to a bar or restaurant.) This is one awesome place to take a date.Super bonus? Parking's usually not too bad in the area. At least, I've never had a big problem finding a spot.The downside here is EVERYONE seems to love hopleaf and it's SUPER crowded and SUPER loud.Hellooooooooo hot cherry beer! Typically beer is best served cold, but I'm willing to make an exception. It's seasonal, so I have to be a good little Ericka and wait until holidays to get it. I guess it only makes it that much more special when I return next Christmas. And I fully intend to repeat Crunkmas annually.We had a huge group and took over the back room for most of the night. It made it a bit of a brew hike to the front bar, but grabbing our own drinks and paying right away made things so much simpler than if we'd attempted to have a waiter split it later.Why 4/5 stars? $6 for a small glass of warm beer is a wee bit ridiculous. I get it. It's cute, it's different, it's special. But even a blind man could see that it is overpriced.This place is Beer-tastic in every sense of the word and all senses of your taste buds. Their menu menu is fantastic, their bar is fun, and the upstairs dining area gives you a good view of all the people watching activity going on below while, of course, people watching yourself.We stopped here after a show which ended very late and was surprised to find we still caught the food menu in the kitchen hot on the grill. I got some form of steak, and the bf got a chicken sandwich but we definitely both opted for some delicious IPAs. I don't know when I came to like IPAs, but if its on tap I will surely always end up ordering it just to check it out. Generally speaking, the beer menu is overwhelming, even when you ask for a recommendation or a description it doesn't help you. After 2, I was pretty done trying since my first one was right on but the second was ... a little eh. Nothing on Hopleaf, just not my kind of beer. In recap, great food, great beers, you can't go wrong with this place.Hopleaf has been on my list of places to try for quite some time.  I've put it off because I'm generally not in the area, and after reading the reviews about the pretentious staff, I thought, maybe it's not the place for me.Jury's still out.  We went to Hopleaf last night for a late (9pm) dinner after exploring the city for the majority of the afternoon.  We were greeted right away by a server in the front bar area, who let us know we could either sit in front and order from the bartender, or see the host toward the back for full service (what is this, a gas station?)We walked toward the back, as I was hopeful for a table on the patio.  When we were told it was a 45 minute wait (and the kitchen was only going to be open for about that long) we opted to sit inside, and did so immediately.It seemed to take our server a bit of time to get to our table, maybe because we were in the corner?  In the meantime, we were able to choose beverages from the extensive menu, and take in the décor.  I loved the exposed brick and antique artwork.To drink, I had an Original Sin cider, which is from NYC.  It was light and crisp, just what I wanted, nothing heavy.  My counterpart had a Manheur (sp?) #12, which is dark, but not heavy (I found it comparable to a barley wine.)Neither of us were very hungry, so we decided on the mussels for two, and we told the server we'd split a salad, but hadn't decided on which one.  The mussels came out very quickly, and were very tasty.  We ordered the Belgian style, the traditional way.  I love mussels, people.  They *might* be my favorite shellfish (don't tell the oysters.)  They were served with a cone of frittes with garlic aioli, and three large chunks of assumingly fresh baked bread for dippage.The server checked on us a few times, but didn't ask about the salad until her third trip back to the table (when we were finished with the mussels/frittes).  Had she asked the first time, I would've ordered something, and probably another beverage.  But all she said was (while both of our mouths were full) "everything ok?" and as I nodded, she turned on her heels and was gone.  Well, her loss for not up-selling us?It was not jam packed busy as some other reviewers have mentioned, maybe we got in at the right time, late on a Sunday?  The mussels were very very tasty, and I'd like to go back for a full meal someday.Hopleaf is the classic case of becoming a victim of its own success.I've been a once-a-month patron for the past six years, and Hopleaf holds a special place in my life -- it's the place where I've taken my wife (then girlfriend) on our first date, and it is where I proposed.  BUT...Just three stars.At one time, Hopleaf used to be down-to-earth and mellow, patrons being either the literary/intellectual types or hopheads who respected the place, and respected each other -- there has been many times when people would catch my attention if they saw me (and my party) waiting for a table to share their table or to hold it for me as they left.  Dining room would usually be half-empty, so the bartenders mostly tended to the bar patrons, and while they were never the types who made you feel like "where everyone knows your name" welcome, they would always be there when you needed a drink, and work with you to give you tastes to guide you through the encyclopedic beer selection to the beer you've had in mind.So, what's changed over the years?1) It's WAY too crowded.  Not only is getting a seat or a decent enough standing room almost impossible on any given Thurs-Sat night, the packed dining room means that the bartenders are usually super busy servicing the dining drink orders.  Catching one is difficult, and the interaction once you do, is a fleeting, hurried one.  If you don't exactly know what you want, you'll definitely feel the irritation in the bartenders' attitude.2) Patrons have changed.  The demographic is not yet the fresh-out-of-the-frat-house Wriglyville type, but it's definitely shifting in that direction.  When you bump into people (and you definitely will on a weekend evening), you see less of the mutual apologies and respectful small talk, and more of "wtf" looks.  With 240+ reviews by the time of my review, I guess it's attracting a wider array of demographics, and many who are migrating up from "south of Addison."There's not much Hopleaf management can do about my gripes, perhaps with the exception of adding more bartenders on busy shifts, or have one solely dedicated to servicing dining drink orders.  Nonetheless, I also feel like they really haven't done much (I'm sure there are other things that they can think up) to address these concerns.Before, I had no hesitation when I decided to go to Hopleaf -- I'd start calling up some buddies as I'll head over there and look forward to some good conversation over great beer.  Now, I pause to glance at my watch, then consider my location in that evening and think about other alternatives.  If there are more than 2 other friends who offer to join up, I usually end up calling for the alternatives; I like Hopleaf, but if I had to give up either great beer selection or chance for decent conversation, I'll give up the beer selection.The beer list remains ever so impressive (I think it's actually getting even better!) and contrary to popular belief, the prices are high, but fair; they've always been.  There's no "specials" but their American brews on tap tend to be much cheaper ($3-5 range; Belgians are usually $6-9 range) and there is one brew that's $10/pitcher.It's too bad that Hopleaf will return to what it used to be, and I have to start admiting that when I'm on a lookout for a bar is what this place used to be.Oh my my my, Hopleaf! What big "mussels" you have! Oh, hopleaf, how you complete me!  You're savory dishes, lively patrons, and belgium beers fill my soul!  [cough cough] - oh geez, sorry, I got carried away by the fantastic-ness of this place located in the Andersonville area.  Hopleaf bar is truly a gem of the northside. They are one of the few bars in the city (and in the Midwest) that carry all still functioning Belgium Trappist beers in the world. And their beer list is HUGE and they have over 20 taps to choose everyday for great prices!Beers cost between $5 and $8 (on tap) depending on style and make. It's not super cheap, but it's in the "affordable" range for a HIGH quality brew from somewhere in the world.Let me tell you about the food. You MUST have the mussels and fries. For just $12, you get about 14 mussels, big piece of fresh bread, and a whopping larger cone of Belgium fries.  Quite frankly, this is an amazing deal and prolly the best mussel deal in the city. This is more than enough for 1 person dinner or lunch. I like to eat all of the mussels with the bread and then drink the sauce like a soup simply because it is THAT good. Trust me on this, do the mussels. Great bargain for great quality.The other food on the menu consists of sandwiches and entrees which are a bit on the high-end price, although I've heard that they are nothing short of amazing. I'd avoid coming here on the weekends with a group (if you must on a weekend, only bring a max of two other people or be prepared to wait for way over an hour for a table). Come on a weekday and it's much easier to sit and find a nice table. Enjoy my friends!Cheers!Long wait late on a Friday nite, but ample hangout spaces to have a few beers while u wait. (an hour plus quoted at 930pm)The brisket is acc to waiter a hit or miss, but this time it was a major hit. Not dry at all, really tender and moist with a good mix btw lean meat and fatty meat. The stilted Mac n cheese is delicious, made w gruyere or Brie, which I'd never had before - it worked well. The Cb&j is good, no protein so not my cup of tea. Duck reuben was very good (it's basically what it says it is - a reuben sandwich that uses instead duck as the protein). Mussels were plump and well portioned, tho the sauce or broth was not the dipping delight that many had raved about (too light, coulda used more butter flavor or something). Dessert of brownie was dry. Took a bite but could barely swallow it down without a gulp of water. Great place all around if u make the trek uptown.CB& J = amazingCashew butter and fig jam with cheese and great chips.I love the food. Its quite gourmet and not too expensive. They do have quite a crowd later on the weekend, but its worth it.I really enjoyed the brisket and the beer selection is great. They even have mead. Menu selection is slim which drops it a star.Dangerous things about Hopleaf:1) Amazing beer list = drinking too much beer= not safe to bike home. Hire a driver.2)  Amazing beer list = spending too much = not having the cash = credit card debt.  Get a better job.3) Amazing beer list = high alcohol content beers = everyone is soooo good looking = so much for celibacy.  Stop being single.4)  Amazing beer list = drinking alot = getting hungry = ordering food = spoiling dinner.  Do not make dinner plans.That said, I approve.I used to live in Belgium (Bruges) so I know my Belgian ales.  So imagine my joy when the Hop Leaf opened.  They only serve good beers here, no bud, miller or coors crap!  Yes, I am a beer snob and proud of it.They have opened a kitchen and now serve good food which are based on Belgian beers like braised meats and steamed mussels.Major downside is that on fri and sat evenings it is really really crowded.  It is hard to find a spot where you dont have to move every two minutes to let someone by.Astounding beer selection. Delicious food. Kinda far out of our way but well worth it.We came here with a few friends on a Wednesday night and it was packed! We hung out around the bar to try a few of their HUGE selection of beers on tap (and they have another list for their beers in bottles I believe).  Be prepared to wait since they don't take reservations.When we were seated, we were starving and the food didn't disappoint.  We ordered mussels for two for the table just so we could try their specialty...but we didn't expect them to give us so many! We chose their Belgian-style sauce (white ale with sliced shallots, celery, thyme & bayleaf) and I would've drank the sauce itself because it was delicious.My boyfriend and I shared the Potato-Gouda Croquettes, Sauteed Veal Sweetbreads, Roasted Beet salad, their daily soup which was celery root, and some stew that he ordered (I can't remember the name).  Everything was so good! I love sweetbreads and these were good as well...but I was sad that it wasn't a bigger serving.We were definitely full and content by the end of our meal.  It was a struggle trying to finish the huge pot of mussels along with all the food we ordered.  Hopefully we'll be back soon!I used to be a huge beer girl.  I can't say I'm NOT a huge beer girl but I've strayed far from my love for hard liquor.Hopleaf probably re-ignited my love of good beer.  The huge chalk board on the second floor with all the bottles of beer that they have? I seriously started salivating.  I only had two, and I stuck to the safe side but I surely want to go back and be more .. well.. fun.Oh and food? I ate food here too! The selection was small but I got the Lamb Stew, by suggestion of my date, and it was fucking fantastic. Amazing even. Perfect, maybe.  Overall I loved Hopleaft and I'll be back, hopefully.Why is it that when I review the places I really, really like I personify the establishments and talk directly to them?Oh, Hopleaf.  You are so lovely.  You are everything I look for in a bar.  To say your selection of both draft and bottle beer is "great" would be an understatement (seemingly endless options!).  You offer me delicious food (mussels, duck Reuben) and even more delicious beer in a friendly, familiar atmosphere.  Your cozy upstairs room feels like drinking in a warm little haven where everyone is nice.  In the dining room, they just want what's best for you, a fulfilling meal.  In the front room, at the bar, I just feel at home.  The bartenders are unpretentious and the people watching is top-notch. Hopleaf, I just wanna hang out with you.  All the time.  Is that bad?I must admit, when I first looked at the menu here I was a little taken aback. There were some things that just sounded weird. A duck reuben, CB&J, Octopus? I played it safe and got the soup, which was split pea and ham. Very tasty, but not as good as my moms. Since those that were with me were more adventurous than I was, I got to sample some different things though. The duck reuben is indeed delicious. While I love duck, I had my doubts about its pairing with sauerkraut. They blended very well though. It's something I would order in the future. I was also a fan of their mac and cheese, although I think you either like it or really hate it. They use some weird type of cheese that was described to me as "very strong, english blue cheese." If that's not your cup of tea, I would avoid it. Their selection of beers is amazing. Since I had just spent about 4 hours drinking mimosas though I didn't feel the need to have any beer at that point. Since I like this place and plan on returning, I'm sure I'll sample their beers then.Eh... I think I'm over the Gastropub thing. Hopleaf has a great beer selection but that is about it. The food menu gets points for creativity, but I don't think i've ever liked anything I've ordered off of it (fries were decent, but come on... they're fries). This place gets ridiculously crowded at night. Unenjoyably crowded. Plus they are really snotty about seating in the dining area. The dining area gets crowded, but never as crowded as the bar area. Every time i've gone there (even when there are tables open), the hostess (and waitresses) have always been obnoxious about repeatedly reminding the group that EVERYONE must order full meals if they want to sit down at a table. If a guy orders an appetizer instead of an entrée they treat him like a fucking criminal. What is this, East Berlin?Great food even better beer. Set me up a cot in the back, I would like to live at Hopleaf for a couple weeks. I don't know if this would be enough time to try all their beers. Their beer menu tends to favor the Belgian and Belgian-style offerings. Nothing wrong with that, the Belgian's have been doing it and doing it well. The rest of their beer menu is well crafted with most styles being offered in some form and most countries being represented. I found the offering of German beers to be a little slim. However there are many other delicious beverages to try out.There is an impressive wall of glassware behind the right side of the bar. It is always nice to have a beer poured proper and into its designated glass ware that is usually crafted by the beer's manufacturer. My only real complaint was the lack of any sort of table server. It was a relatively busy mon/tues night as I'm sure a lot of nights are at Hopleaf. Still, having to order every single drink throughout the night from the bar, I also had to order food from the bartender. While the food was great, It felt odd being served such great offerings by the line chef out of the kitchen. After completing out meals, our plates just sat at our table for nearly half an hour. Not ideal for me, when I'm trying to focus on my beers. With improved service, Hopleaf is nodoubt a five star. Unfortunately, after my single visit, I can't move myself to anything above four.This is for non-beer drinkers that find themselves at Hopleaf. Let's be honest... this is not going to be your favorite spot. Do get there early--4p on a recent Sunday felt like an odd time for meeting up for drinks with friends, but we were able to grab a table before it got packed. Also, unless you're miniature size, come even earlier to grab extra chairs and a table to add to the booth. My group seemed to enjoy their variety of beers, but I admit I was disappointed when they didn't have any root beer. Really? You can't even order some bottled Goose Island with the rest of your shipment? Hopleaf, sometimes it's just not meant to be.Great potential, excellent selection!Unfortunately though.... They have a very limited seating for people who want to come here to drink, they have a massive multi floor seating area for those who want to order food but for the majority who come to enjoy a beer they seemed to get crammed into a section the size of an Olive Garden bathroom.If I died and went to heaven, Hopleaf is what it would be like. Great for lunch -- sort of up-scale cuisine -- mussels, duck salad, tenderloin dishes, and the beers are to die for. Try the Tripel Karmeleit. They have it on tap, and I could drink (and have drank on a couple of occasions) that beer until I fall out of my chair.At night, it can get pretty divey. The wait staff in the restaurant portion is great. In the bar, they're skilled. The clientele is usually pretty calm, though the place can get pretty loud.If you're going for drinks, I recommend just about any beer or some mead. They're the only place I've ever been to in Chicago that serves mead. I'm thirsty just thinking about it. Watch out, though! Most of the beers are 8%+ alcohol. Don't mess with that Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA at closing time. At 20% abv, that's a free ticket to puking in a cab. TRUST me.This is NOT the place for mussels in Chicago.Everyone raves about the beers here.  That's right.  But don't go for the food.  We'd asked numerous people about where to get good mussels in Chicago.  This "Belgian" restaurant was recommended several times, so we tried it.Mussels should not be served in a tall deep pot.  How are you suppose to get to the juice if the mussels are stacked 8 deep?  When we asked the waitress, she had no idea what we were talking about, and finally suggested she could bring a bowl for us to drain the juice into!!!  Nothing else was special about the place.  It's not bad, just not good if you're going for a meal.  To drink Belgian beers - great place.I must say that I am a beer snob. If you are like me then you will absolutely love this place. They have an amazing selection of Belgian beers and just about any other micro brew you could possibly dream of. Not only that, they have great food too. There mussels for two is the perfect amount to spit with a friend or date! Their duck sandwich is also fabulous. I love sitting outside on there small patio but if it's packed the bustling inside atmosphere is fun too! Everyone is friendly because of the shared appreciation for beer so mingling anywhere is fun!I must make a recommendation of visiting sooner than later in two different ways. One, that you need to go here if you have never been. Two, that it gets really busy right after work so the sooner you can show up for happy hour the more likely you will find a seat. This pertains to all nights of the week... Monday through Friday.Drink classy my friends!A little bit of hike to get to for most people but well worth it. It has a cute outside area for the spring/summer. TONS of beer options, so exploring your inner pub papa is encouraged.Hopleaf, you are always so busy! and you never open your mezzanine area.  This is why you lose a star.  They have a good beer list, warm quelque chose right now, yum, but if you are expecting the map room you'll be greatly disappointed.They are similar and I think a lot of people come here for the oysters.  The beers are great though and they do have a great selection, so if you live on the blue line go to the map room, if you live on the red line go to hopleaf.  you can find amazing beers here and not break the bank to hard.  Nice food as well, I've just had the fries, but I enjoyed them enough.Hopleaf taught me a very important lesson about myself.  Basically, that I can be plied to overlook many shortcomings when fed delicious beers and fabulous french fries.  If you want to bribe me, just take me to dinner there.  Well... then I'll be drunk too and maybe sloppy, but I think you understand.I've been to Hopleaf a handful of times, and I will be back again and again.  The mussels were mediocre, the CB&J overhyped, BUT THE BEER SELECTION was worth it.  I love the ham sandwich, so I've made the executive decision to order it each time I go and try out my adventurous side on the beer menu instead.The atmosphere is great, nice place to go w/ a group.  The service is hit or miss.  There's usually parking, but last time I went I got a ticket... my registration is 8 months expired.  I blame myself.Also, I always go on Mondays or Tuesdays since I've heard wait time horror stories, so I'm not exactly sure how bad it gets.There are only two bad things to say about Hopleaf.  One, it isn't across the street from me.  Two, their vast beer list makes nearly all other bars appear inferior.  You needn't be intimidated when you see the crowd up front.  There's quite a bit of seating in back, upstairs, and even outside during the warmer months.  This doesn't mean you'll get a table right away, but it's not Kuma's.  An added bonus for the germophobes: Xlerator hand dryers in the restrooms.  Anyone who's ever thought about walking out of a public restroom without soaping up will change their mind when they see one of these beauties.  It's like drying your hands with a jet engine.  If the beer and restroom accessories aren't enough, the food here is pretty damn good as well.  But if you overdo it on the potent Belgian brews, any fare will seem more than satisfactory.Great brews!  Enjoyed one of my faves, Fin Du Mon in a pretty funny wooden/beaker looking glass.  Good times.  Food was decent for a bar.Moules Frites!!!!Oh the fries here are good. Thin, crisp, salty....soooo good. Just the way frites should be. And they actually know how to serve their belgian brews -- in round goblets at the right temp.I can't believe I'm writing this.  I have been going to the Hopleaf for years--long before they were a restaurant.  They have the best beer selection in Chicago hands down and I have always dug the cozy atmosphere in the bar (at least if it's not too packed.)  If I were reviewing it as a bar, I'd give it a hearty 5 stars.But...I can't say that much about the restaurant part of the deal.  On a recent visit, the food was just OK.  My dinner was satisfying but not remarkable.  Given the brevity of the menu, I was shocked that they didn't offer any kind of daily special.  In fact, half of the menu was devoted to sandwiches.  That may be fine for lunch but if they are trying to attract a real dinner crowd (and charging real dinner prices,) they are going to have to do better.  The kicker, though, was the service sucked.  It took a grand total of 55 minutes to get our dinner order from the time we ordered.  During that time, several parties around us were seated, ordered and were served their meals so our waitress' excuse that "we were slammed" simply wasn't true.  Look, I'm a pretty understanding patron.  I know shit happens and that's OK.  But don't lie to me.So my beloved Hopleaf, this is going to hurt me more than it hurts you:  2.5 stars--and that is mostly on the merits of the beer selection.Huge beer list (plus, as a bonus, a nice selection of scotches -- I'm told the wines are pretty decent, too) that is put together by someone who knows and cares about fine beers. The specialty is Belgian stuff, but they're not at all snobby about American craft brews. Haven't tried the food, but I've heard good things.The major demerit is that it really does get cheek-to-jowl crowded, especially on weekend nights, which is a shame, especially because it's such a great place to while away an hour drinking and talking with friends. But you really can't blame the 'Leaf for being popular. It's popular because it's good.I've seen complaints, but I for one have never encountered rudeness or attitude from the servers -- not even when a poor lost soul asked for Coors Light, which is not unlike wandering into Charlie Trotter's and being amazed at the absence of jalapeno poppers.It is so hard for me to give this place four stars.  I think that it no longer deserves the five stars I would have given it three or four years ago, when there was still only one room, no food, no additude (save for two bartenders...and THEY know who they are...one of them, I think still works there).  Up until about three years ago, my friends and I would sometimes come here a few times a week even though we all lived out in the suburbs at the time.Things have changed though.  The prices are higher and the place has a deserved air of superiority.  This really is the best selection of beers in or around Chicago, always has been, always will be.I've changed my mind.  Hopleaf still gets five stars, not four.Edit: The bartenders here know less and less and less every visit.  The food is good, and I would like to say that it's overpriced, but I don't believe that it is.  A bucket of mussels for $20 is not bad in my book.  Some of the drafts languish due to lack of use.  For example, Dupont's winter seasonal is still on draft.  It is June now.  You can't go wrong with bottles, especially when you know the glass is going to match.  I want to encourage people not to go because I want it to be less crowded when I go there, but I'm not quite that mean-spirited.Lots of beards and a cool vibe.  Lots of great beer on tap and knowledgable staff, and good food.  We ordered the mussels and a brisket sandwich or something like that.  I wouldn't order the mussels again but the brisket and fries were great.   Andersonville is one cool neighborhood and has become much less of the Swedish neighborhood of 30 years ago.What else can you say! BIGGEST BEER SELECTION I HAVE EVER SEEN! and if you like garlic and mayonnaise you can get some fries with a blend of the two on the side.  I have to quote this guy though..."The only problem with this bar is that it's so damn popular!"Do get the mussels, and make sure you examine the contents before inserting in mouth.  There was a baby crab hiding inside of my friend's mussel- a little cute, a little creepy.  Pomme frites are a must.  That garlic mayo is unbelievable.  The CB&J looked realllly good, too.While the food is very delish, people mainly come here for the extensive beer collection.  I don't drink much, but ordered frambois to experience this place to its fullest.  It tastes like half raspberry juice, half beer... not a bad choice if you're used to drinking more of those girlie drinks.Service... well, the hostess made a big deal about not having our entire party there.  why?  There were tons of open tables, we were short 1 person... I just don't get it.I want to hug the shit out of this bar and never let it go.  I have never had a bad time here.  I have never had a bad beer here.  I have never had a bad meal here.The ham sandwich--fuckin' bonkers.  Pumpernickel bread?  Yessiree. Hook it up.  Had the duck reuben the other night, and it was similarly delicious.  Kraut all up in my guts.  Lovin' it.  The french fries are off the hook and I basically would eat spoonfuls of the aioli if I couldn't feel my arteries hardening at the moment of impact.  Prepare to hear blasphemy: I've never had the mussels.  Whoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, kids, sorry.  Soon, soon.I love this place so much I came here on my birthday and called and invited people to come to this place.  I never do shit like that.  I'm all like--whatever you guys want and... yeah. But screw that. Hopleaf, kid. Keep 'em comin.  Order up.  I mean, even when we've had to wait for a table, or been given the forceout to the upstairs bar, there's always a ledge for you at Hopleaf.  And all those hops seem to make the clientele--and the staff--pretty damn friendly.Hearts for Hopleaf.Two ladies after work looking for a place to chat, drink and of course eat.... My friend and I went straight to Hopleaf on a Monday after work. I had never been before and she had. We sat on the beautiful back patio surrounded by all the plants they were growing. Our table was right next to the tomato garden. Going GreeN! Sooooo many beers! So many of my top favorites. We started with their specialty, mussels. MMMMMMmmm they were delicious! By the end we were stacking our shells like Jenga pieces. And the fries that come with the mussels were so good. They came with a garlic aioli for dipping... Sorry, I'm back. Then we each got a side house salad that was really fresh and had a great house vinaigrette. We also shared the mac 'n cheese and the squash blossoms. The mac 'n cheese was baked in a white cheese that escapes me right now.. but oh man was it good. The squash blossoms were very interesting because it's amazing to think how they came up with the combination of flavors. They were squash blossoms stuffed with lobster, corn and cream cheese then beer battered and fried and they were served with a lobster bisque dipping sauce. Talk about a party in your mouth! Then we tried (I know) the chocolate power bar thing for dessert. It was a chocolate crunchy, crispy bar with chocolate mousse and whipped cream. Then chocolate and a creamy peanut butter/caramel substance was on the plate with hazel nuts for accessorizing. Bravo Hopleaf!Why have I not come here sooner???  I always thought this place was too far from me and not worth the effort but now I want to move out this way just to come here weekly. The beer list is awesome. Stuff you can't find anywhere else. The food was delicious, upscale bar food. Prices are very reasonable. And the atmosphere is a highlight. When my husband and I came here for the first time this past weekend and saw the "No Children" signage I knew I'd like it here immediately. We went for a late lunch and had the duck Reuben and the ham sandwich. I don't even like ham that much and I was wowed. I can't wait to come back and try out more food and many, many more beers.First time at Hopleaf, I definitely had high hopes. You must must must order the mussels!!! Just delicious and they give you a huge and generous portion!! And the mussels come with bread and really good pomme frites! And the price for them wasn't bad at all!The atmosphere is really cool. I'm not sure how else to describe it. The beef briskett platter is definitely enough for two people if you aren't that hungry, the meat definitely melted in my mouth. The mac and cheese that came with it was also yummy!---after my second time there, i'm going to give it another star.The roasted beet salad is amazing, it has a good variety of veggies and fruit and the pistachio vinaigrette is a party in your mouth. I never realized salad could taste that good.My friend ordered the rabbit, it does taste like chicken. But we agreed that it was too pricey for rabbit. But yes my suggestion is get there early! Like 6pm if you don't want to wait that long.I've been absolutely dying to come here.  The wait was well worth it.  Like all the other reviews before, and probably all the reviews after, the mussels were purrty scrumdiliumptious.  W/e aioli comes with those fries were so good - calorie ridden I'm sure, but sooo good.  I came for the French Beer Tasting, kinda didn't work out the way I was hoping for.  I should've known coming in, that I wouldn't really like anything.  I'm a Belgian girl, always.  The bartender did a great job of steering me towards Atomium's Grand Cru.  Ohmagolly, definitely up there w/ my easy go-to Triple Karmaleit.  The ambiance was insanely chill, which I loved.  No pretentiousness whatsoever, but definitely no dive either.  I can't imagine what it's like on a Friday night, I think I'll definitely stick to Tuesdays.  Next time around, I wanna make my way through the menu, and onto other Belgian-styles.Unfortunately, I only get to enjoy Hopleaf every once in a while.  The location is a bit out of the way for me and the food is kind of pricey.  However, the Belgian tap selection is second to none and the expensive food is always interesting and delicious -- mussels, cheeses, sausages, frites.Many of the negative reviews on this page need to be addressed.  If you admittedly are not a fan of Belgian beer or food, don't complain when it turns out that it isn't your thing.  Second, if your review is completely based on the fact that Hopleaf is now too popular, giving it a low score just comes across as bitter.I understand that a crowded restaurant isn't always fun (most of the time it isn't), but Hopleaf is completely honest about this.  They start serving food at 5:00pm, and they don't take reservations.  Show up when it opens if you don't want to wait in the bar for a table.Good beer and mixed crowd. Food is definitely good. Not like a typical gastropub- definitely on the higher end and worth the every bit of it. Great mussels and belgium friesI lived in Belgium, loved the beer and mussels.  This bar is the closest thing to being back there...  Great Selection of Belgian beer ON TAP.  Mussels were also good.  Definitely frozen but, I'll take it.  Chicago isn't known for their fresh seafood.  No TVs, just good beer.Beer/beverage menu was great and bartender personable and friendly. Would not go back for a meal though. A bit pricy for the quality. Was with friends and all four of us were disappointed with our meal. Appetizers came out with the dinners.Atmosphere was good...definitely a place to come for drinks.I think you have to be a hipster PRICK to like this place other than the beer selection.I live a block away from the place and been like three times.There is one bartender (black hair, white lady) she sucks!!!! I tried to get my girlfriend a glass of wine and what I got for 7 bucks or something like that was the bottom of the bottle in a hugh wine glass. when I asked is that all she replys "the bottle is done" Well open another one an pour a NORMAL serving you retard. it's like they hate to serve anyone they don't already know. (I'm trying not to play the race card) I do like the beer selection and the old wood in the place, but other than that I'll be going over to THE MAPROOM for my beer fetish from now on.One visit was all I needed.  Yes, this place is for beer snobs galore and they have some great, hard-to-find beers but if you look hard enough you can find them sprinkled around the city just the same.  Outside of the pleasant hostess who told us about the dreadful two hour wait for the back room, the service was rude.  We lucked out getting a table in the bar area but were never informed that food and drink were to be ordered from the bar so 15 minutes later we bellied up and ordered our beers.  When it came time to order food, the bartender seemed clueless and clearly uninterested in taking food orders.Here's a tip for you Hopleaf... if your bartenders are going to serve food, they should know the menu.  This place is not for vegetarians or those who like to eat healthy.  I ordered the fish sandwich because I didn't want the fried veggie option but when the sandwich arrived it was fried.  The bartender claimed he had no idea it was a fried meal.  awesome.Ambiance is great.  Noise level was your typical Saturday night in a bar.  The beer list is hands down awesome but if you are a person who desires having a personable, knowledgeable bartender then your beer will probably taste just the same if not better somewhere else.My favorite neighborhood bar. The food is fantastic you must try the frites if your just there for a minute. Also best beer selection in town. I have never been disappointed when i have gone there. Hard to get a seat on a friday nights but to be expected. Try it out you will not regret it.Beer selection  cannot improve, steak frittes rivals any steak I have eaten. Great place. Zombie Dust on tap.?!Food is what I would say is the best aspect of this place for me, just winning at the finish line over their vast beer selecton. The pommes frites, duck reuben, and CB&J particularly stand out for me. Beer selection is of course great here, but I've been more and more feeling pulled towards other beer bars when I want to drink something new.If smoking wasn't banned entirely on the back patio, I'd give it an additional star. They also hardly ever open the upstairs bar area anymore(easily my fav part of the place, and I'll dare say its underrated), which is a damn shame.What can I say that hasn't been said already? Nothing. This place would be an automatic 6 or 7 stars if it wasn't always overrun by hipsters. People say the wait it epic. It is... that's why I go on Thursdays. You still wait a little bit but at least you don't pay for your first beer with a Social Security check. Heh, that last line was funny not in the way I used it, but in thinking I or anyone in my generation will actually ever see a Social Security check... HA!I digress. This place is awesome from head to toe. The beer selection is so amazing. I like the list of 750ml bottles. The food is always spot on.It's also a very chill place to relax and really enjoy your meal and drinks. It is on my list of places to take my brother as soon as he moves to Chicago. Great place.I've been wanting to go here for a while, so on Thursday when I finally had the chance, I was really excited. We came around 8:30ish, which obviously is a busy time on a Thursday & it was quite crowded at both bars. They gave us an hour and a half wait, but it ended up only being about 40 min - an hour. Service was quick once we were actually seated. We tried the cheese plate which had manchego, some kind of goat milk cheese, and something else I can't remember, and it came with little toast points, apples, and some kind of nuts. Everything was reaaaaaally good on there.Then for my entree I had the rabbit & dumplings which was GREAT. For 20 bucks, you get a really good sized portion and it was absolutely delicious. Dessert was apple fritters, and those were also amazing. The only qualm I have about this restaurant is the pricing. I think it's a LITTLE overpriced, but considering its popularity and how good the food is, it's worth paying a little more.I came here with some coworkers one night to enjoy a couple of drinks.  They had a ton of different craft beers, but as I have mentioned in my previous reviews, I do not enjoy beer.  I ordered a couple mixed drinks which I did enjoy.  My coworkers tried a couple different beers, all of which they said were delicious.  We also had an order of fried that came with a savory sauce.My issues with this place?  It gets crowded quickly, you have to get there early if you want a seat because it is first come first serve... no reservations.  We felt very in the way until a table opened up.  We sat in the bar area at the booth that was the farthest away from the door.  However, every time the door opened a cold breeze came in, so I had to keep my jacket on.  Also, the service here was super slow.  It was still a fun night out though!Hopleaf is great. Why? It has an extensive beer list and absolutely delicious food and it will put you in a good mood. Try anything on the beer list and pair it with the onion rings (to die for) and mussels. Nothing better than that for a brisk Saturday afternoon.Visited on the Sunday evening of President's Day weekend and it was PACKED. There were two of us for dinner and we stood in the little alley way between the bar and the dining room sipping on an excellent selection of beer while we waited to be seated. The wait was probably about 20-30 minutes.They had a killer metal Orval sign high up on the wall that I wish I could have absconded with. I'm still looking high and low for something similar but hopefully I can obtain it legally. The food menu is Belgian-inspired which was one of many reasons that I wanted to go here. I ordered mussels and some kind of stew (I can't recall exactly and it doesn't appear to be listed online any longer). My friend ordered steak frites and both dishes were very good to excellent. I love that they not only have an impressive bottle list but they also have a killer draught selection!After years of excuses I finally had the opportunity to enjoy the fantastic food and drink of Hopleaf.  It is deservedly packed on most nights- a substantial contributing factor to putting off a visit for so long. The 5th star is for the sweetbreads and parsnip puree entree, in both putting it on the menu and the tasty execution.  Sweetbreads are the most delicious of things that are neither sweet nor bread.  Upstairs seating has the benefit of being over the kitchen and all the smells and aromas it produces.  Which, excepting only the unmistakable odor of Brussels sprouts, I found pretty great.For people obsessed with beer and the food that tastes good with beer.I went on a cold snowy night which was ideal in this cozy, warm, bowl of stew and eccentric brew pub. Yea the bartenders are on slo-mo but the beer selection (Satan's brew via Belgium, baby!) in bottle and on tap will satiate any beeraholic or beverage daredevil.And if ya hate beer, theres a lot of wines, bourbons and regular bar boozes to select as well. The menu has tasty pub grub all over it: reminds me of a midwestern version of a Northern English pub which in my book is not a bad thing. If you are a regular, you'll have the obligatory beer gut, but you'll love acquiring here:)A true Chicago original, I'm just bummed it has been 'discovered' by Check Please!My first taste of the Hop Leaf was at a friend's birthday party, held in the upper room in the form of a beer tasting for our entire group.  I can't think of a cooler way to spend your birthday. And it's not just a beer tasting, it is a beer tutorial! The guy who lead us on the journey really knew his stuff yet tailored his information to the group, depending on the tastes we liked.The food here, of course, is great too. How can you go wrong with steak frites with mayo?  That is a meal in itself.  At my next visit I plan to try the ham sandwich, thanks to a previous reviewer.  I would also recommend the mussels. They are fabulous! Make sure to leave room and lots of bread to soak up the buttery juice.  PERFECT with beer.I like this place a lot.  They have MEAD HERE. Oh god... mead is better than oral sex all night by somone who think they  know what they are doing.Mead, mead, mead, mead, mead...Um... yeah... the bar.Love the place.  Spent a whole night here with a bunch of friends from Ireland.  The selection of beer is phenomenal.  If you are a yank beer lover, this isn't the place for you.Never had a chance to try the food though I think I should.Haven't been here in so long.  I need some mead... mead... MEAD!!!This is a great place if you are a beer connoisseur.  Like me. ;)But I rather have the MEAD MEAD MEAD!This review is purely for the new addition upstairs.  Extensive beer list, specific glasses for specific beers.  I liked the casual atmosphere and it wasn't too much of a pain to go up and grab my own from the bartender.Probably shouldn't come here with someone who's not much of a beer fan though.  The Hop in Hopleaf isn't just a coincidence, as it turns out.My favorite bar, with the best beer selection.  I want to give this place 5 stars, but I can't.  I'll get to those reasons later.So the crowd here is unique.  It is a chicago bar that isn't full of hipsters, trixie's, or the stereotypical yuppies (though half of them are certainly yuppie).  Belgian brews are among the best in the world, and the selection at this bar is excellent.  Prices are appropriate for each beer.  Tons on tap, and even more in bottle form.  Food is good, though I've only dined here twice.  this place gets CROWDED, so be prepared to wait when you order a beer.  one lady mentioned that she was disappointed that the back area is for food orders, but neglected to mention that the upstairs is pretty sweet, offers a second bar (only bottles, but a big selection), and is less crowded.  The upstairs opens around 8pm, often a little earlier.the reasons I dont give it 5 stars.  this place does get very crowded, and there isn't much turn over, so you gotta find your spot and stick with it, even if it's just a section on the wall.  Also, while the menu does it's best to describe many beers, I've occasionally come across a beer that, despite it's intriguing description, did not jive well with my taste buds.  By this I mean that many of the descriptions sounds similar (eg. "hoppy" "malty", etc.), all are positive (they wouldn't serve beer no one likes), but the tastes run the gamut.  also, this place isn't too close to the train, the Clark bus is torture, and driving after a few of these brews isn't a good idea!ps.  what's with all the Thor beards, does everyone at this bar think that they're a viking?  clinging to swede ancestry?Hopleaf is first and foremost a pub that seems determined to have every Belgian beer ever brewed. Now most places would pride themselves in that alone. However there is also a very healthy representation of the North American craft brews.That is usually enough reason for me to never leave a pub. Hopleaf though does you one better. They produce REALLY good food. I think they would have been fine with your garden variety pub grub -not so, they are able somehow to make gourmet quality meals in one of the tiniest kitchens I have ever set my eyes on. My kitchen at home is significantly larger than the one at Hopleaf. Be sure to try the Mussels. If seafood is not your thing make sure you try their steak and frites. Hopleaf since it made it on the television show Check Please! has a long wait to get a meal. This has never bothered me as I live in the neighborhood and I can pass my time sampling beers. The hipster count has also upped significantly.Historically Hopleaf has had (an unfair) a reputation of having dismissive staff. I think too many people walk to the bar and are overwhelmed by the number of beers. Unfortunately too many of them subsequently misinterpret the blank stares from the staff. If you are scared ask them what beers they would drink. I quite like the service I get.This place is different and on a whim; with a recommendation from an old friend, I chose Hopleaf to celebrate my 24th birthday. I reaaaaally like different. After eating a glorious thai dinner (at Yes Thai .... review to follow), we shanked our semi-buzzed selves over to Hopleaf (on the way I rode the horse on the corner - see photos). As we entered Hopleaf I quickly noted how packed the small downstairs area was (I was warned about this but damnit, it was my birthday and i do not drink shitty beer). So after my wonderful boyfriend put a glorious new find for me (kwak beer) in my hands, I suggested we mosey our party upstairs to check out the scene. We found it equally busy upstairs, but managed to stake out an area on a padded bench by the bar and pulled up some chairs. I had a blast drinking several delicious beers and having a great time catching up with fantastic friends. My miller light drinking friends toughed it out and even enjoyed their new-found beers. Howdyalikethat? I definitely plan on coming back here many a times! :)I really love a place that has interesting beers. And since I love Belgian beers, Hopleaf is a great place for me to try some new stuff. I went with a friend of mine, and while I was standing awkwardly and waiting for her, the bouncer asked me if I would like to sit in a little corner space. It was so nice of him to carve out a little space for me in the crowded front lobby so I could be comfortable while I waited!Beer was great, though that's pretty hard to mess up, huh? I wish I had gotten the mussels like my friend. I got the brisket instead. I guess when I think brisket I think Texas BBQ brisket. This was good, but very fatty. I had to cut off the fatty parts. The Stilton mac and cheese, on the other hand, wow that was good. The waitress assured us that the asparagus with lemon butter would be in the top 5 of our life asparagus experiences, and I'm pretty sure she was right. Big fat pieces of asparagus, roasted to perfection. Fries were also perfect!For dessert we split the apple fritters. Again, they weren't what I was expecting, but this time it was in a good way. How can they fry the apples and yet keep them so crunchy? Delicious!Our waitress added on the fries, and when we asked for a correction, she happily made the changes. Service was slow, but it was busy. I want to come back and try some more Belgian beers!My brother and I stumbled upon Hopleaf in an effort to branch out of Lincoln Park/Lakeview and we were suprised at how lively the place was on a Sunday night. The bar and restaurant areas were completely packed, and we waited about 15 minutes to get a table (there is no place to stand and wait so we kept having to move around!)The menu was startling in it's lack of chicken entrees or appetizers. I found this a little puzzling but moved on. We ordered the smelts--which were excellent, and I had the shrimp salad sandwich. This was a disappointment, as basically the chef jammed a bunch of tiny prawns into a croissant with barely any kind of sauce or vegetable to go with it. Needless to say, the fries took up nearly 3/4 of the plate! The service was friendly, and our waitress recommended a good, light Belgian beer which I enjoyed. Hopleaf is worth a second visit, but I would order something different and probably only come on a weeknight.What can be said about Hopleaf that hasn't been covered in the previous 82 reviews?I can say this: you know when you go to a bar, and you're hanging out with a good friend, the bar is a little crowded and kinda smoky...you look across the room and your heart stops, you can't believe what you are seeing...you turn to your friend and say: I WANT THAT.Well, that's how I met my boyfriend at The Hidden Cove. But that's another story for another time. The point is, that's also how I found my favorite beer: Tripel Karmelite. And I found it at Hopleaf, so I will always love Hopleaf, crowded, slow-serviced, wonderful, smoky, confusing and delicious as it may be.If you are wiling to give it a try (when you have a whole, and I mean whole, evening free) you just might find something you will love for the rest of your life.After a bad service experience Hopleaf boycott, I took an out of town guest, and his brother (who had never been that far north before) to Hopleaf, last Saturday in the early evening. Service was less surly than in the past. We got a table before the 45 minute estimate given by the hostess. However, the food was a disappointment. We split a soggy endive salad, and two orders of mussels (belgian, and coconut curry). The fries were not fresh.  Beer selection felt lesser. I remember being overwhelmed by choices in the past. Maybe they scaled down the menu for the recession. Maybe we got an abbreviated menu. As Ellen P. noted, service has always been poor here. But in the past, the great food and beer selection made up for it. Go with Quenchers at Fullerton and Western. The food is not great, but the service is consistently good, and they have maintained a large selection of beers.In the words of Spinal Tap "This one goes to 11"I can't give enough stars to this place. Do you know why its crowded? Because everyone and their mother knows this is the all around best establishment in the entire city. The beer: The most unique menu in the city, maybe in the country in terms of American and Belgian brews. Craft beer standards and rare gems are par for the course here.The food: Flat out f@*#ing amazing. This is listed as my last meal in my Yelp profile. I stand by this and can point to numerous things on the menu I would gladly devour before my death/executionThe servers: Awesome folks. They know their stuff and can put up with tight squeezes in the corridors with smiles and quick wit. My dream would be to date a Hopleaf waitress.The people: The NY Times and Lonely Planet recommendations of this place bring in the best kinds of tourist. The neighborhood, food, and atmosphere bring the rest of the great crowd. Considering how packed it gets, everyone is still in a great mood. It has to be the beer, or maybe its the frites.A Chicago life without the Hopleaf is a life incompleteSo we went to the Hopleaf last night for food for the first time. I'm not normally one to emphasize service at all. I'm perfectly willing to overlook even pretty bad service if the food is good. Well, this was pretty much one of the worst service experiences I've ever had. It was sunday night and it appeared one server was running the entire room. And it was packed.It was fifteen to twenty minutes before our server showed up at the table. Lucky for us we already had drinks from the bar. She showed up and pulled out a pen and looked at us. No "hi" or anything. Just looked at us. After an awkward pause, "do you need more time?" is apparently all she could muster. We ordered and pretty much never saw her again.The food came out pretty quick and was awesome. The duck ruben was well seasoned and delicious, with some unexpected flavors. The frites pushed me over the edge in my slow but inevitable decent into dipping fries in mayonnaise. All the food was great.After we were done it took us about half an hour to pay, from getting the bill, to then having to try to track down the server to get change. Maybe that wouldn't have been as big of a deal if we were sitting in front of half-finished beers, but she never came back for us to order a second round.I'm not one to complain about service on yelp, but it really made us have a crappy night. We spent more time trying to watch the server to predict when she may come over to us than we did enjoying our food. Sorry Hopleaf, I still love you, but maybe just for beer next time.Everybody knows that if you want an amazing beer that you can't find anywhere else in the city that this is the place to go.  I've been here tons of times (great prequel to a Neofuturists show) and love the selection... had fries once or twice, but that was about food-wise.And then we had dinner.  And it was amazing.  We started with the mussels and were duly impressed.  I've lived in Chicago too long to be a seafood snob, but the beer broth that they were cooked in was amazing.  I got the duck Reuben for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed that as well along with the incredibly spiced fries.  My wife had the not-so-regular "peanut butter and jelly" which was equally delicious, and kind made me a little jealous.  Over all a wonderful experience which I hope to repeat soon.I read the reviews of those who didn't like it, and can agree with many of the things they stated. On a crowded night, the service isn't always the best.But the CB&J alone makes it all worth it.0 stars! I was turned down at the door for forgetting my ID.  Mind you, I do not drink.  I was planning on walking right through the bar and straight to the restaurant.  The young man at the door (he looked younger than me I might add and I'm 27) actually turned me and my 3 other guests away (my guests, two of whom are middle aged, had their IDs by the way).  We weren't belligerent, we weren't rude, we simply asked for a table in the restaurant "please".  I'm still gobsmacked.  Why would you card patrons of the restaurant?  I just wanted to eat!  I've eaten here before and it is decent for the neighborhood (though not exceptional) but obviously I will never return.We've eaten here once and I was with my husband who does not like mussels so I really want to go back and try those.  Our food that we did have was pretty good - worth 3 or 4 stars.Going here to drink beer is the best though.  It gets crowded but if you hang out for a bit you will get a seat or at least an area to stand near the bar.  I can not remember the name of it but they have this amazing apple beer on tap.  It's the perfect way to start the evening.  You can't drink it all night because it's too sweet but the "small" serving is just right. From other reviews there have been complaints about the noise. I really don't recall hearing any music at all.  I've always been able to have a pleasant convo with those I'm with.   The crowd is usually really friendly too.  I even had a girl offer to let me sip her beer when I asked her about it.I do wish they had Hoegarden on tap but really, there's plenty to pick from.A group of 4  went on a Wednesday night around 8pm to have some dinner and drinks. When we arrived, the place was totally packed. No room whatsoever in the bar area. We went to the back to save a spot on the dinner reservation and were told that it would be 30-45 minutes. A little odd for the middle of the week and a small bar/restaurant, but nobigdeal. In reality, it wouldn't have been so bad had I not smelled the frites that they were cooking up in the kitchen.  YUM!Luckily for us Hopleaf has a fantastic selection of draught beer on tap. The assortment kept us occupied until we were seated about 35 minutes later. We were taken upstairs to eat our dinner where I think they had the thermostat set at 50 degrees.  Our server was attentive and friendly. I got the brisket sandwich on sourdough which was pretty good. There was a vinegar-y mustard sauce on it that in my mind took away from the flavor of the brisket. It came with plenty of meat though and the sourdough was toasted to perfection. Along with the sammy came a side of frites which I had been waiting for ever since I got a whiff of them as I was waiting to be seated. They were thin cut and ohsodelicious. The meal came with a side of garlic aeoli  sauce which was uber garlicy, so I didn't care much for it, but my co-diners enjoyed it a bunch.The menu did not have very many things on it that I would ever eat. I have to admit that I settled for the brisket because there wasn't anything else on the menu that I wanted to try. The meals are a little out there so if you are looking for a spin on traditional plates you might enjoy it. I was just looking for a pub burger and they didn't have it here.A little disappointing that when we were done eating they told us that we could stay upstairs for a little while but that if we wanted drinks we would have to go get them ourselves from downstairs.Overall, the one thing that would bring me back here is the expansive beer list, but that's it. I can get good beer a lot of places, so I'll likely pass on a return visit.I was excited to try this place in my neighborhood again with the new expansion work complete.  The place looks great.  We sat on the patio for lunch arriving at 1:15 PM today.  After 10 minutes, the server arrived.  Once a menu could be hunted down, we order iced teas, the asparagus soup, carrot salad, and two different sandwiches.  The menu had some great interesting options.That is when it all fell apart.  The iced tea arrived, but it took the server 15 minutes to bring sugar/sweetner condiments.  There was actually no sweetener in the cup she brought, so having no luck hunting her down, I went to the bar and got my own.  We finished our drinks and waited for our soup/salad...and waited...and waited.  Finally, after 90 minutes in to our experience, we put some money on the table to pay for our iced tea and walked out to find someplace else that actually had food.  I waived to our server as we were leaving.  She was working her inside tables.  I am not sure if she was with it enough to realize that we had never even gotten our food, but she just smiled back.I really wanted to like this place.  We will try it again in 6 months and see if they have their service issued solved.  Until then, I am not willing to risk giving them another try too soon.  That is such a disappointment.Hopleaf has an amazing selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  If you like Belgian beers, you will be in heaven.  There is no question that the variety of beers makes this a must stop place.The food, however, is nothing amazing, mostly because of inconsistency.  At times the kitchen gets overwhelmed  - probably because the kitchen seems to be about the size of a closet.  I've ordered the same sandwich several times and each time it comes out a little different.  Sometimes it's cooked, sometimes it's merely warmed.  The mussels are very well done, but let's be honest - it doesn't take a magician to make a mussel taste good.Be warned, however, the bar service can be surly and downright rude at times (the owner can be terse and impatient).  Be prepared to wait until a bartender is darned good and ready to serve you because you will probably have to wait a while.  You'll also have to deal with a crowd in the bar that makes it hard to enjoy a beer.  Best bet is to get to the bar as early as possible (if not at the open) to get a space.  You -will- be shoved around, bumped into and likely have beer spilled on you due to the fact that there are far too many tables and not enough space.  Making matters worse, if you're walking on the sidewalk the overflow crowd of smokers on the sidewalk tends to hover and makes passage difficult.Due to the inconsistent service and kitchen I give 3 stars.  If Hopleaf could improve on this they would easily earn a 4 star, in my opinion.Love it. Love everything about it. I came here on my first day in the city and my god, is it delicious. I loved everything there... but most memorable is the Rabbit Saddle. It's an appetizer but I could eat several orders of that by itself as a meal. It comes with a bit of greens, celery and grapes... and that together with the rabbit... it's just.. heavenly.  Oh and the beer selection is good too. But really, I would just come back for more rabbit.I don't live in this neighborhood, so I don't get to go here very often - except for the occasional happy hour.  Actually, the last few happy hours here were farewells to people leaving the company, so there was more drinking involved than normally.... Anyhoooo.....  the beer selection here is great, always something to please the palate, so this place gets props for being a good bar.THEN, there's a full restaurant in the back! Great food - my fav is the duck reuben which is amazing, and well, honestly the thing I end up ordering every third time there.  I will say that this place gets crowded on a friday night, so be warned - get here early and claim your spot, and don't leave, just have another round, the world will take care of itself till then.As darn near perfection as a gastropub gets. Perfection would be not having to choose between waiting 2 hours for a table on a Saturday night or sitting elbow-to-elbow next to fellow patrons in the bar area, but I DARE you to find something that you won't fall absolutely in love with on the menu. They boast an extensive list of draft and bottled Belgians, and while at some other bars obscure offerings inevitably leads to skunky beer, at Hopleaf they either go through enough or care enough that all of the ones we tried (and there are quite a few) were crisp, cold, and fizzy. I've tried the mussels before - very good, but nothing to compose a sonnet about - but it was on a more recent visit that we were amazed. We had the heirloom tomato salad, charcuterie trio, and the Hunter's rabbit. We originally had the sausage plate on the list too, but the bartender took a look at the both of us, sized us up, and told us very gently that it was waaaaay too much food for two. And he was right - by the time we chomped down on the last morsel of the beyond tasty rabbit, we were about to burst. Buuuuut we haven't forgotten about you sausage plate! If you are anything as delicious as everything else on the menu, we will be back soon to try you out!Hopleaf is a wonderful place to grab a beer and bite to eat with a small or medium sized group. The beer list is ample, the food is amazing, and the only thing that sucks about this place is when there is a wait.  They recently expanded, though, and hopefully this will fix the last one. Try the mussels, try the ham and cheese sandwich, and the sweetbreads when they have them.  Don't try the frog legs unless you want to feel depressed at their smallness and start thinking about how to save the frogs at dinner.I'll be back. And did I mention the staff here rocks?  Doesn't matter who it is, they are all solid, from the door staff to the bar back.Great, great, great beer selection!  Even greater?  The ham sandwich.  I have dreams about this sandwich.  Actually, I have never had anything here that was less than delicious.  Not often do you find a place that has both an impressive beer list and an impressive kitchen.  Yes, it gets crowded, but I have only ever had to go elsewhere once because I couldn't find a spot within a few minutes.  You just can't plan on going with a group unless you are going at an off time.This place is terrible for large party dinners, especially on the weekend.  It can take hours, if you actually get a seat, and reservations are basically worthless.There - I got the bad part out of the way.  Come to drink, not to eat.  This place gets too packed on Friday/Saturday night, but otherwise it's a good north side option for fantastic beer (especially their European selection).  The atmosphere downstairs is small and cramped, but it's fine because the customers are a great mix of ages and generally friendly and talkative (and not the hitting-on-you type of talkative).  Upstairs is a little more chill and roomy, but there is a trade off as they don't have as large of a beer selection.I love Hopleaf. I love the food, I love the beer selection, I love the upstairs bar. I'm a vegetarian and they always have a few options available for me, including one of my favorite sandwiches ever, the C.B.&J. Also their fries with garlic aoli rock my socks! I have vegan phases and these two always call me back to the dairy team! Hopleaf, I don't care if I have to wait two hours for a table on the weekend, I will still come. Thank god for the Korsendonk Pale Ale and the variety of Sam Smith's, they always makes the wait so much more tolerable.It is no coincidence that Hopleaf is my 100th Review.Hopleaf is everything that is amazing about Chicago. All the nooks and crannies, unsuspected, are filled with little treasures like Hopleaf. They have an amazing selection of Flemish sour ales (or Lambics) that I'm currently obsessed with. We tried several, as well as their mussels in coconut-curry broth, frites, and their strawberry endive salad with goat cheese and walnuts. It was all really good, even though I'm not a huge fan of mussels. My only qualm with the meal is though I asked for more bread for the coconut-curry broth, they only brought out two little pieces. It's a shame all that yumminess went to waste and not in my mouth.Then came the most amazing dining experience I've had all month. We ordered a wild strawberry Flemish sour ale and the chocolate framboise lava cake. The sour of the ale and the decadence of the chocolate was something that we could only describe as "rivaling orgasm."I'd go back for that anytime.So we were here on NYE, but left prior to midnight. I have heard great things about the food selection here, but we didn't opt for that. We came here solely to get our drink on. And we were also upstairs the whole time, which although crowded, I never really had to wait to get a drink. Please note the upstairs bar is cash only. Just sayin. Also, for alot of the top shelf liquor, you need to go downstairs (eg. Patron).Anyway, I give the beer list two thumbs up. If I could wiggle my toes awkwardly, it'd be four thumbs up. I was so happy to see hoegaarden on their beer list, as well as founder's dirty bastard. Not only am I terribly partial to belgians, but I'm from grand rapids originally. It was like a two for one of beer excitement. They also have DT if you're looking to get shwasted on someone else's tab. On a side note, I'd suggest they try and add something from Surly to their list (surly furious, maybe?), just to increase the awesome quotient.The upstairs bartender was great too, he was quick, friendly, and witty. And he put up with the big group I was in with no problems. And they let one of our friends nap for thirty minutes without getting booted. He was rallying, ok? Started early. Gosh.Anyway, we were able to snag a corner bench and table, which was great for us, but I did feel terribly sorry for the folks that got the tiny table located in the doorway to the womens bathroom. Yeah, theres no sort of awkward quite like that.Hopleaf is the place to go for beer drinkers.  I regretfully didn't try the food, but I plan on returning because what I saw coming out of the kitchen looked AMAZING.Pros:-  Incredible beer selection (30+ drafts, 250+ bottles)-  Good, friendly service-  Laid back, casual atmosphereCons:-  No reservations = long waits (for a table)-  Kind of cramped inside when its busyGreat place to take beer snobs or your casual beer drinking buddies.This is by far my favorite bar in Chicago! They have an AWESOME beer menu and a wonderful food menu too. It's the perfect place to grab a drink with friends and/or a bite to eat in either a social or intimate setting. They've just expanded so they now have another bar area (good thing because everyone loves this place and it does get busy), but they also separate their dining seating area so you don't have to eat dinner next to people who are *ahem* enjoying the beer menu a little loudly :PAwesome ambiance with exposed brick and vintage beer signs and posters. Whenever I'm having a friend visit the city or want to meet up somewhere "fun" in Andersonville, I will never NOT suggest Hopleaf. So great!I'd been salivating about Hopleaf for eons. The one time that I did formally try to go, we were turned away by a 3 HOUR wait for dinner. I went on a first date there a few weeks ago, and for the most part, it was worth the wait. We were quoted a 20 minute wait for a table for dinner (it was around 8 on a Wednesday night), so we figured we'd get a beer for the wait. Unfortunately the bar was already totally swamped, and we spent the better part of our 20 minutes attempting to wrangle our way to order a drink. Just as we were about to place our orders, the hostess came by to tell us our table was ready. I suppose that was better than a beer, anyway.I got the grilled CB&J, apparently one of their most raved-about dishes, and it was excellent. The mix of the fig jam and mild cheese was to die for, and I will gladly scarf done anything that's fried. The fresh potato chips were good, too, though I was a bit disappointed by the Stilton mac & cheese, which was bland and a little undercooked.Their beer selection, of course, is what brings the masses. I got two glasses of Framboise Lambic, which I've had elsewhere before, and it was just as scrumptuous as I remembered. Next time I'll have to get a little more adventurous.Where can you find a bar with over 200 different types of beer?  I was first introduced to the imperial stouts here.  I mean, move over guiness!  Don't worry, if you don't like it hot and heavy, with over 200 beers, there's a beer for everyone.  Don't forget to try the mussels and fries!Warning:  it gets REALLY busy!Let me begin by saying GET THE MUSSELS! They were delicious. The beer list was as far as the eye could see. Duck rueben was delish and the brisket was nice too (though I probably wouldn't get it again).Fries = yum! Come for the beer, stay for the mussels and you'll be a very happy camper.Excellent gastropub with an extensive beer selection and delicious pub food. The mussels were delicious and the cashew butter and fig jam sandwich was outstanding! The place has a ton of character and plenty of cool folks. Fine hang out destination, indeed.Very cool bar in Andersonville, a ton of different beers, but beware, many of them are higher in alcohol than what you may be used to.  If you're feeling adventurous I would recommend cabbing it back and forth, and bring a note with your address to pin to your shirt for later so the driver knows where to dump your body.Start with the hardcore Belgian Ales that borderline on wine and then end with something light and easy, that's my advice.First off, let me say that if you are a part of the Bud Lite crowd, you can go ahead and stay home. This place specializes in imported European beers. No American shwill here folks. Some of the beers they offer even have their own unique glasses. Kinda makes you feel special. This place is dimly lit and has great atmosphere. Just so you know, Hopleaf has no arcade games or tv's, so you have an idea of what not to expect. P.S. Try the pomme frites, aka the fries w/mayo. Addictive as crack.I'll put it frankly--  this was my standby "first date" spot for a long time.  They have an amazing selection, the dining area is usually quiet enough that we can have a proper conversation, and the menu is delish.I used to live at Clark and Foster and spent at least 5 nights a week over at Hopleaf, grabbing a quick beer on the patio while trying to get work done.  The bartenders know their beer and are more than happy to get you educated on some of their smaller offerings.  I'd never really eaten there until the last year and once I did that, it was all over.  It's close to the 22, so it's super-easy to get to, and I've never left there unsatisfied.The only drawback is the crowds on the weekends and sometimes the snotty clientele--  too-cool-for-school hipsters who act like they're God's Gift because they know about some small brewer in Belgium that you're unfamiliar with.  Luckily those are few and far between and the atmosphere is super-welcoming.Besides being an awesome first date joint, it's also a nice place to relax after work or take people who are in from out of town.  It's a genuinely different place, but not so far-flung that your conservative, meat-and-potatoes Dad will hate it.  It's also not ridiculously expensive so that's a bonus-- though I am putting down price range as $$$, but that's only because once you find a beer you love, you'll want more of it....and then some more :)I almost did not even want to go to Hopleaf because I normally do not like overly hyped places.  The hype for Hopleaf is out of control and frankly, it's all correct.  Hopleaf is the best beer bar I have been to in my life...not just in Chicago.  The selection of beers on draught is unparalleled at least in Chicago.  I had a couple different beers that were fantastic.  The bartenders had good suggestions and were helpful in general.  I found all of the staff to be great...which was impressive because the crowd was (and always is for the most part) pretty out of control.  The food is great...don't drink too much and miss it!The problem with Hopleaf (which is why I probably won't return for a while...but I still have to give it 5 stars) is the crowd.  The place has become so popular that the crowd is always huge.  One time I went at 6:00pm on a Wednesday and could not get a table for 45 minutes!  Hopefully they can open another location further south without adulterating the original appeal of the place!!!!I'm certain I won't say anything here that hasn't already been said.Hopleaf is great, minus the wait.  But it's worth the wait.  I joined a friend for an early dinner there, and we were seated well within our 45 minute estimated wait time.  Service was slightly lacking, but luckily the two of us had enough to talk about so that fact fell to the wayside.We shared an order of mussels, always tasty; and then I opted for the toasted ham and cheese sandwich.  After all, sandwiches are my #1 favorite food :)  It did not disappoint.Overall, I really like this place and would probably offer up 5 stars if it wasn't so damn crowded all the time.Visited on Saturday afternoon right at the opening. Quiet place with amazing selection on draft, and bottles were quite nice as well.Too many servers on staff, so they ended up talking to each other rather than give great service, but the service was tolerable so I didn't complain.Typical beer bar atmosphere.Did not sample the food so I cannot comment here. Several good Med restaurants nearby.Hopleaf is always on my list for "must see" places when I visit Chicago periodically. Daytime patronage is recommended for getting the most out of your beer tasting here.Came in here last night to celebrate the wonderful Emily L.'s birthday! We were a larger party and had to wait for some people to arrive, which meant that they wouldn't seat us. I understand that this is the policy, and they kept our table so that was much appreciated. I ordered the triple karmeleit (sp?) which was DELICIOUS. It also hit me very hard. I was tipsy for the remainder of the evening, and didn't have more than one beer! I loved how smooth it was and would definitely order that again.We ordered mussels for two for the table to share. WOW. We chose the Belgian-style broth, which proved to be an excellent decision (yay!). We were all so happy. The little pieces of celery mixed in with the mussels added something great too. And the fries that came with the mussels were really superior. I LOVED the aoili that came with the fries. It was all just perfect.I chose the CB&J as my main course. Yum, as usual. This is truly a perfect sandwich, and who doesn't love the Stilton mac and cheese on the side? One of the busboys brought out the birthday girl's main course with the mussels, but our waiter caught that and took it away. All of our courses arrived at the same time.I'd highly recommend this place, for a normal or extra special meal. We all left full, happy, and not too much poorer!YUM... So I was taken here as a  surprise and I have to say that I most certainly thoroughly enjoyed it. We had Belgian style mussels which were absolutely perfect. The Cashew fig and cheese sandwich which though could have used a sharper cheese but was otherwise very good. Tuna Niçoise sandwich that I didn't try but from what I understand was good. I  liked the atmosphere it was perfect for a casual date the beer list was  phenomenal as well  :) I will definitely venture back to this corner of the city for a meal again:)Beer. So much beer. Tasty beer you want to hang out with for a long time. Tried my first Satan Red, and Orval Trappist Ale...and finished it off with a Duvel.Oh, wait, there was food in there some place. I had the duck reuben, which was dy-no-mite. The marble rye was nearly blackened, but not too much, so it came out crispy with a cranberry cream cheese (?) spread and a light sauerkraut. I'm adding this to "play in the kitchen" menu at home - great sammich.The atmosphere when we came in (9ish on a Saturday) was great. Crowded but not suffocating. A piece of advice, though: Put your name in for a table and then make a beeline upstairs. A lot more space to enjoy a beer while you wait. There tends to be a logjam at the front door as people park themselves by the front bar.Be prepared - its pricy here. Cash is also your friend in the upstairs bar (no CC up there), so get ready to make it rain.Just came in from Hopleaf feelin all warm and fuzzy. This is a great place on a cold winter Monday and a beer lover's palace - which probably explains the high male to female ratio. But that's just fine with me. The crowd was laid back and the music low and jazzy (at least tonight).  We didn't have to wait for a table for dinner - which is rare at Hopleaf.The food and drink are the stars here -- oh, and one certain staff member resembling Clark Gable who was SUPER entertaining and accommodating! You know who you are. It must be said that all the staff seem to know their stuff and the service was great. You have to go to the bar and order your food/drinks if you are sitting in the front but it comes out promptly. I SURE did have a few Belgians here. This is no place to order a Bud Light. Hopleaf =  BEER! The selection will dazzle you. If you're a novice there are good descriptions on the menu but the bartenders will steer you the right direction too. My favorite tonight was the Delirum Tremens. Pink Elephants on the goblet.. heh.. heh.. This beer has a high alcohol content (if you can't tell from the name). We started with 2 orders of mussels. They offer traditional Belgian style and a special of the night. We had the Belgian and the special which was a lobster and white wine broth.. I like!! I have been hesitant about ordering mussels since reading Anthony Bourdain's "Kitchen Confidential" so this is the only place I will still order them. They are excellent. They are served with perfect pomme frites and mayo. The broth is divine nectar and resting on top of each order is crusty bread for soaking it up.After reading all the previous reviews I had to try the C B & J, served on sourdough w/ cashew butter, fig jam and morbier cheese. It's a fancy grilled cheese basically and it's obvious it could be a great sandwich but  tonight mine was a bit too greasy and seemed like it sat too long before serving - the cheese was hard to find as if it got too hot and oozed out of the sandwich or into the bread. Why has nobody thought of this combo before? It makes so much sense. I confess I have put peanut butter on grilled cheese b4. Is that weird?? The stilton mac & cheese that comes with it... OH. My, God. YES! But wowee this is a rich, filling plate of food & they don't skimp on portions. Good thing I worked out today and didn't eat much till dinner!!One of my companions had the red cabbage salad. It was really flavorful, crunchy and surprisingly tasty - with bits of apple, goat cheese and pistachio. I liked it much more than I thought I would. I'd order it next time. This is a comfortable neighborhood spot. They do what they do - very well and Clark Gable Rocks!!Always Loved this place, top notch beer selection makes it hard to decide which one, or two, or three, or four, or five (and so on and so forth) you want to drink.Food is great, although not much of a selection on the menu, maybe 10 different entrees, which are all good......HAM SANDWICH=SECKS in MOUTH DUCK REUBEN=SECKs IN MOUTH.The place is off and on packed with Wrigleyville db's and beer snobs alike, but I choose to ignore customers of the various establishments that I go to, I don't let them bring down my mojo, I focus on whats good in the place, unless the place is totally over run....which at times Hopleaf is over run by db customers, but I digress.This place is a perfect start to your Friday or Saturday evening I highly recommend that EVERYONE that is a beer drinker in or around Chicago, checks this place outWe've been listening to our friends rave about Hopleaf for years, and it was finally time to see what the fuss was all about. Could the superlatives we'd been hearing about its food possibly be accurate? They were. And if anything, the food was even better than we could have imagined.This ain't your usual bar food. The is food served not just with quaity, but with a side order of imagination as well. And it's so good, it doesn't matter if you don't drink -- it's a bar you'll want to visit anyway.For example: I had a sandwich of house-made cashew butter, fig jam, and raclette cheese on sourdough bread that was then pan-fried (a combination that might sound odd, but was gooey and comforting), with a side of stilton macaroni-and-cheese plus house-made potato chips. _All_ the sandwiches and entrees were that unique, so the food wasn't just filing; it was a journey of discovery.We also ordered a charcuterie platter that was a good as it gets. Of the 15 or so possible choices, from which were to pick three, I chose venison pâté with pistachios and cherries, head cheese, and duck prosciutto.I ended the meal with apple fritters filled with chunks of warm apple and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The only problem was -- by then I was stuffed, and had to share!Which leads to the only Hopleaf problem -- it's in Chicago, and I'm not! Which, I guess, is for the best. I'd be in big trouble if they were my corner bar, because I'd be living there!One of my local favorite bars. There's nothing better than having a place like this close to home. On my good days and bad days, I come here to enjoy it or vent to my friends. Weekends tend to be busy and you might have to wait for seating to open (most of the time) if you don't mind standing. I always enjoy the Irish stouts here no matter what. Bartenders are very helpful with newbies and the food is absolutely delicious here. You can't go wrong with the frites here. I feel like the thinner the fries, the more I consume. I don't mind... Very relaxed on the weekdays and absolutely packed on weekends. Age range here is usually 25-40. Definitely not for clubhead ragers. Stay away if you are!I would consider moving to Chicago just for this place. Fortunately, my friend lives a block away and lets me crash on his couch.For a beer snob like me, the selection is fantastic. They even serve moules frites at their restaurant. God I love fries and mussels.Heaven, I tell you.So many beers! Such good food!I've been frequenting the Hopleaf since 2001 and I've always loved that place. When I first started going there, it was just a bar, but a few years after they opened up a restaurant in back. GREAT MOVE!The selection of beer is amazing. If you are into beer, you have to come here. It gets way too crowded on the weekends, but I think that's unavoidable...Still one of my favorite bars! I am getting into beer lately and I love the variety. I also love that you can see what alcohol percent each beer has. So, I was only 19% drunk on Friday... It really is fun looking at the the beer menu and making random decisions. You could go there every day and still not have tried every beer! I have always been obsessed with their mussels. This time I was a bit disappointed. The mussels were tiny and it didn't seem that they were drenched enough in the broth. But the broth was still good, especially good to drench the bread in. Also tried a couple of other apps/entrees and, as usually it was tasty food. I need to make it a monthly outing to go to Hopleaf.I would have totally given five stars, but the fermented blueberry-soap drink (actually called "Mead") I had to end out the night made me want to throw up well into Saturday.  I guess it's partially my fault for ordering it at all, but why would Hopleaf serve something so rank?Other than that drink, I got my favorite beer Kwak, and a swanky seat at the bar.  I really love beer, and I think I could drink every night for a year here and would never have to duplicate beverages.  And at only $7 for Kwak, I do not have any reason to go elsewhere.There are multiple rooms; the front bar area with tables and bar seating, a back room (more of a restaurant setting), and a private upstairs room for parties.  The downstairs bathrooms were really cool too - kind of warehouse-y, in tune with the rest of the bar.  It was packed on a Friday night, which is a testament to how great this place is.  Other than the fact the service was a little delayed (understandably so, since it was so busy) I had an outstanding time, the atmosphere was cool, and I would definitely return.Great beer selection! Best mussels in the city.  My wife loves the deaths door martini.I've been hearing such good things about Hopleaf for so long that I finally succumb to peer pressure and stopped by.  The bar was crowded (and it was still fairly early) so we wandered to the upstairs bar.  Be forewarned, the upstairs bar only takes cash.  The beer selection was great and the bartender was patient.  After what seemed like five minutes of perusing the beer menu, I finally settled on a de Koninck.  My only problem with Hopleaf was the lack of seating...well, the lack of available seating.  I was one of those people looking longingly at tables full of strangers, trying to move them with my mind.Had we gotten a place to sit we would have ordered snacks.  I've heard such wonderful things about the food that I will be back to sample the mussels and frittes+mayo.I've been here twice, both on a Friday and a Saturday and neither time it was too crowded. On Friday there was about a 45 min wait for dinner, but there was plenty of space at the upstairs bar to drink a beer or two beforehand (isn't that the thing you want to do most, anyway?)Obviously the beer is good, and it isn't overpriced. The food is also delicious, and this is perhaps the only place in chicago that does moules et frites. It generally attracts a diverse crowd, people of all ages and personality types, so it's good both for mingling and for talking amongst friends. The only complaint I could make is that they wouldn't give us any nuts or stuff like that when we asked for some (around 1:30 am, well after kitchen closed).INSTRUCTIONS ON GETTING YOUR BEER FASTER AT HOPLEAF:Take your license out of your wallet.Stealthily display it to the doorman.Walk straight ahead.Don't use elbows (don't be that guy).Say "excuse me" and "pardon" when appropriate.Ignore the hostess standing sentinel in front of the dining room.Don't be tempted by the food and wafts of mussel broth and frites.Turn left.Walk up two sets of stairs until you come to the second floor.Take a left. Walk all the way to the backroom.There, you'll find a cushy bench that is almost always empty.Sit down. Spread your jacket out next to you.Avoid ordering the quirky beers that come in tubes and boots.Order 2 Anchor Steams from the barman in the little niche.No need to get glasses.Just drink from the bottle.Pay him in cash and sit down.Take the first gulp. Take a look around you at the happy people swilling beer.Yes, that's right, this is beer heaven.First and last time. After my house mate raved about this place I was stoked to try it out. We had onion rings as an app after our server raved about them. We found them to be lacking in flavor. Ranalli's onion rings are still my favorite. After looking over the menu I settled on the Gunthorp Farms Pork Chop which I found to be tender but lacked flavor. The mash and was delicious, at the same time it couldn't save the dish. Paying $30 for a tasty mash is not one of my favorite things to do and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Coupled with okay service it was a miss for me. Also the roomie complained of a foul smell and we found out it was the trash can that sat near the steps; when the wind picked up it'd roam over and disturb our so-so dinner.Lastly, since I don't drink beer I opted for a Ginger Ale that was from the fountain. When I asked for a refill I was told that it'd be an additional $2.50. Found that to be a little odd since it was a fountain drink and the restaurants I frequent offer refills at no additional charge.I have a special place in my heart for Belgium, even though I've never been there.  I imagine a magical land synergistically merging the best of France, Germany and the Netherlands...a people who possess French joie de vivre, the German love of beer and Dutch individuality without any of the Gaullic pretension or Saxon stoicism.  At least that's what I think of when I hold a frite in my hand.My only wish is that fewer people knew about this place, but even with the crowd, I've never had to wait more than an hour. Comparable to many other places in Chicago. And I typically don't mind waiting upstairs with the beer selection they have. Every time I've eaten here, about a dozen times over four years, I've found myself thinking about the food for days. The brisket sandwich, the grilled fig jam, almond butter and cheese sandwich, the seasonal stews, I can't say enough about how exceptional it's all been. The only let down was the steak and fries, which was still average. The service has always been solid. Not overly friendly, but always professional and on the ball. And the beer selection. My god. It's on the level with Map Room and then some. The servers and bartenders are always ready to recommend. Whether drinking with your meal or popping in early afternoon for a drink or two (earlier the better before it gets busy) there's always something you haven't tried yet.There's a ton of great options in Andersonville for good food, but this is always my first.We've been to Hopleaf on several occasions, none better than tonight. We always go specifically for the coconut curry mussels, which are fantastic. However, please don't limit yourself to this pick. There are plenty of amazing things on the menu; a trio of duck, a home made sausage, and plenty of other dishes- and the thing is, all this amazing food is designed to pair with an even more amazing beer list. Go for the food, but stay for the next six hours for the beer. The bartenders are well-versed in the subtleties and complexities of the 30+ handles and the 100+ bottles, and are able to make spot-on recommendations for the pickiest of palates. Every beer the bartender sent to my VERY picky fiancee was spot-on, exactly what she like. That alone is worth 5 Stars. Please go, and please PLEASE tip the bartenders well. They know what they are doing, here.The sheer friendliness of the bartender really pushed this place into a 5 star rating, but this place wins all around.Been here twice.  First time had some beer, had some mussels, and both were top notch.  A little pricey, but nothing to write home about.Second time - brought my Mom, Aunt and the lady here.  My Aunt decides she wants a Cosmo.  I can only assume this is because it's always been her dream to publicly humiliate me by making me order her a Cosmo at a crowded bar.  Worse yet, Mom wants a gin martini and the lady a vodka martini, dirty.  I suck it up, order the drinks and to my sheer surprise, the girl behind the bar looks actually HAPPY to do it.  Having bartended for years and acknowledging that this is almost strictly a beer bar, I was shocked by her peppy approach to shaking 3 totally different martinis on a crowded Friday night.The food was solid (brisket, mussels and sausage platter VERY good) but the venison was dry and over-cooked.  Steer clear of that and you should be fine.Back to the beer - they've got a wide selection (especially of Belgians) and a fairly good description of all of them so you know what you're getting into.  The bartenders I've talked to seem to know their stuff as well.  If you're not in the mood for beer, their wine list is brief but solid and comprehensive.If you haven't been yet, go.  Get some beer, get some mussels (the chorizo style are better) and enjoy it.My favorite bar.  Bar none.  Heh.But seriously, both the food and the beer selection here are outstanding.  The atmosphere is also spot on, which seems to mix its Belgian influences with Chicago brick-and-mortar.  There are too many good beers to mention--I recommend starting with the Kwak, just for the distinct glass--so just pick randomly and you'll get a wide variety.The downside to Hopleaf is the wait, which can be oppressive on Fridays and Saturdays.  Sometimes you can wait upstairs at a smaller bar but sometimes even that's quite crowded.  The service though has always been good, and really I wouldn't want this place to change one bit.First Review:I frequent Hopleaf for two reasons:  the beer list and the CB&J.  That is all.Oh man, do I ever love beer!! BUT, I must admit that some of these Belgium beers aren't my taste. I think they almost taste soapy sometimes to the point that they're not too enjoyable. Besides that, the selection is unbelievable. The mussels served in a huge pot are a must too if you like shellfish like that. The ham and cheese sandwich has gotten amazing reviews from Timeout Chicago and others, but I have yet to try. Definitely hit this place up if you like Belgium beers and good atmosphere. This place gets crowded fast too. Enjoy!Oh how I love thee Hopleaf! I spent a good deal of time here during graduate school being among the few girls that would go out with the guys for a drink after class. During those years, I got hooked on all of the wonderful beer that the Hopleaf offers. Every beer there is delicious and so good. I always had a Lambic and Delirum Tremors. So good. It's small and smoky, but that's what makes the Hopleaf so awesome. I went here once for food and it was pretty good. It wasn't what I was expecting from them, but it was delicious. With the food and the beer, it made you feel like you're back in Europe sitting down at a pub drinking great beer and eating yummy food.Hopleaf is hands down the best Belgian-themed gastropub in Chicago. Their list of amazing Belgian style beers never fail to impress. They are each served with distinct glasses made specifically for the type of beer to enhance the experience. They have everything from tall glasses to goblets to the wacky looking hour-glass for my namesake beer, Kwak (ok, maybe not. That's a different Kwak). I was not a big beer drinker until I start going to Hopleaf. Not a problem if you don't like beer. They serve some really nice wine and meads too.Their beer steamed mussels served with frites and toasty rolls is a must-try. If you are feeling exotic, they have mussels made with curry and kaffir lime leaves too. But the best part is probably the juice at the bottom of the pot. Just soak them up with the toasted bread. Heavenly!The dining room opens at 5pm I think and they don't take reservations. So expect to wait a little if you're not early. It's not exactly pleasant waiting in there because the bar/drinks only area is small and they are usually crowded. But it's worth the wait because the dining area is cozy and nicely lit, with a fireplace. It's just a wonderful place to hang out.Last night in Chicago spent with a group of friends.  Looking for a casual place in Andersonville to dine and chat.  Hopleaf was the chosen place for us.  Incredibly packed!  I can see why though...An amazing beer selection.  They have Delirium Tremens on tap (one of my favorite beers!).  But since I've had that many times, I decided to give other beers a try.  I've had the Kwak, which was served in a tall cylindrical flask-like glass placed on a wooden platform.  A bit kitsch to me but I still love it!  I also had the Leffe brune, which was quite nice to drink as well.  I didn't like the Poperings, but hey, that's the brewery's doing, not the bar's.Onto the bar, the ambiance was quite nice.  Lots of people, eating, drinking, and being merry.  The food was above par.  We split the brandade (cod puree with potatoes and garlic); it might not sound appealing, but it was divine!  A perfect salty snack!I got the mussels with lobster-fennel-broth.  Wasn't too pleased with that.  The mussels were too small, so I didn't get much.  However, the frites served with aioli were spot-on for me (a little soggy to my liking!).  My two friends enjoyed the duck reuben sandwiches, and everyone raved about the Stilton mac & cheese.A good place to go with a group of friends for an easy night out.Hopleaf and I have spent many nights together. I'd like to think that we have something truly special.Five star tribute to this joint indefinitely. The choice of micro brews and beers would make one's head explode, not by quantity but by quality. The bartenders will let you sample a taste of brews so that you don't make the mistake of ordering something your taste buds won't enjoy.Find the right craft brew and accompany it with something savory from their menu. If you're a sandwich buff, I would highly recommend the Duck Reuben. Absolutely rich in flavor and it balances well with the frites and garlic aioli sauce. I usually wash it down with a sniffer of Tripel Karmaleit. If you decide to check this joint out, make sure you hit me up. I'll join you in a heart beat.It had been some time since I had visited The Hopleaf- and in many ways it was like being there for the first time.As others have said- the Hopleaf is a well executed example of what a great neighborhood bar should be. I appreciated that the bartenders the night we visited were efficient and attentive- even though the bar was very crowded. Service all around was excellent and a model of how any business who serves the public should be.We sat at the bar and it was so cool how others around us were friendly and kind. I can't describe it other than it was a feeling of community that seems to be lacking in other bars I have been to. Although Hopleaf is known as a beer bar (with an excellent selection), they do have cocktails and a nice selection of eclectic liquors to choose from.I had the CB&J- it was everything that other reviewers said it was and more. What a great sandwich! Whoever came up with the idea should be given a special award or perhaps 10% of the sale of each one. If you have never tried it, please do. Seriously.What else can be said...PERFECTION!!!What can I say, Hopleaf is at the top of my list for great beer bars in Chicago. The list of Belgian beers on tap is second to none in Chicago. You can find some delicious Tripels and lambics. We stopped in right after they opened at 3:00 pm on a Saturday and managed to snag two seats at the bar. Quite a feat because the place got packed within 30 min after we arrived and people were standing around waiting for bar seats.A fan of lambics, I ordered an Oud Beersel framboise, a dry lambic flavored with raspberries and an awesome champagne-like acidity. Just a wonderful way to start off our visit. I followed up with a delicious d'Achouffe IPA Tripel, which wasn't a hop bomb like most American IPAs, but a more moderate, well balanced beer, with a lighter hoppy dryness and with a citrus, grassy finish. On a stop at the Hopleaf you absolutely cannot leave without having the CB&J (cashew butter, fig jam, and Morbier cheese). What really makes this dish is not just the blend of creamy butter and the rich, creamy cheese, enhance with sweet jam, but the beautifully toasted bread is what makes this dish a homerun. And did I mention it comes with an amazing cup of mac & cheese and homemade chips? This is snack food heaven for the biggest snack junkies around!Hopleaf is simply a beer lovers dream and with rich, delicious food to boot, how can you go wrong, even if it is located in Uptown?After I try the food I'll update more, but after having New Belgium's tasty new sour beer for $5? More, please!It definitely can get pretty packed, but I came here with a bachelorette party of about 12 and after squeezing in, we headed upstairs for a bit more breathing room. After a few minutes, we found seats and some obliging patrons even gave up their table so we could all sit together. Very nice. I was expecting hefty beer price tags like you might find at Local Option, etc. but was super happy with my $5 craft brew. It was too crowded on the Saturday night to really talk to the bartender or be served, but I was waited on pretty quickly and efficiently. The beer is amazing, the food looked good as I walked through the dining room to the bar upstairs, but the atmosphere seems like it would be a lot better on a weekday when you're not fighting for a spot. I'd even go here for an early dinner to stay away from the crowds. Still, their beer selection cannot be beat, and with such reasonable prices, I'll be back as soon as I can drag my man up to Andersonville.I definitely want to come back here. My friend's and I came here for some mead after eating across the street at Jin Ju.We tried each of the three meads. I liked the Blanc de Fleur most. The beer list is absolutely amazing but you can judge for yourself here:hopleaf.com/bottle_menu.…Just an FYI, it is very cramped in here so don't come with a large group. 4 max.This is a place I went to a couple of years ago on a Chicago trip and had a "meh" experience. On that visit, they seemed a bit rude and pretentious, but a friend who lives near this place and frequents it wanted me to give it a try again, he said it's changed. Plus, it was just a quick walk from where we'd all eaten dinner at. The place was packed upon our arrival around 9:30 pm. I expected that though, it seems to be a pretty well-known place, it was Saturday night, and it's not a huge place. For about the first hour we were there, it was standing-room only, basically being in everyone's way and trying to squeeze yourself in the corner by the first-floor bathroom. Then my clever Chicago friend cooked up a story and scored a bench opposite a sympathetic couple who was sitting together on one side of a booth with the other bench to their booth butt-less. Eventually they left, and we all had a seat. I don't recall seeing any wait staff serving drinks to any tables. All of my beers were being decided upon, ordered by, and brought by, my beer-loving company. As noted in many previous reviews, I wouldn't know a good beer if it bit me in the taste-buds, but what was chosen for me tasted great. Alas, that negative vibe I had harbored in the depths of my memory for so long had disappeared. We did not eat here so I have no idea what the food might be like.The beers here are amazing - they have a little bit of everything for every single mood that I might possibly be in.  The atmosphere and food are fantastic, too.  Service is even better than ever.  But the beer - just go and try any beer.  The Belgian beer/food combo never goes wrong!  I always have to get the mussels for two (feels more like mussels for three/four since it always takes three/four of us to finish it) which comes with frites and aioli - YUM!  Their ham sandwich tastes more like a reuben but better - and I can't help but order their onion rings, too - just for that spicy mustard aioli - so good!  We tried the venison once and it was okay - good meat but there was just something about it that didn't totally satisfy me.They have even more Belgium Beer besides the ones on tap but my bf swears by the Leffen Blond and I can't help but fall in love with the Rodenbach.  My fav one is the Duchesse now.Tried to go here tonight but it was already packed. At 6:20pm. My wife hates smoke noise and crowds so um. . .yeah. Movin on.I don't go as often as I'd like to be honest. One afternoon last year I skipped out of work early and walked over to the Hopleaf. It wasn't too busy so I sat at the bar and enjoyed an entire bucket of beer mussels and frites. I sopped up the broth with the baguette. I quaffed a few ales with that. Ah bliss.One time I had one of their special beers in a special glass. It was served in something resembling a chem lab beaker, help upright in its own chem lab beaker wooden rack. This was a little too geeked for me but fortunately for you beer enthusiasts this is just one of many obscure belgian ales to get weird over.Classy extra: They card everyone. That feels pretty good at 43.Craft beer? Did you say 99 bottles of beer on the wall? Or did I just dream that. Oh wait, I did see 99 beers on the wall. I am a thirsty bitch when it comes to beer pardon my jargon.  Somehow in the last year I think of myself as some sort of beer connoisseurs. I take pride in my beer drinking and I  also take pride in running it off later. When I heard of Hopleaf I knew my beer obsession would go up a couple points. Their beer list is amazing and I mean there is something there for you, your grandma, and probably your dog too. If you are uncertain about what beer would suit your palette you can always ask one of the friendly servers. I had a beer comparable to a blue moon but it was much stronger and had more notes of citrus.  For an appetizer I had the sausage and beans. For dinner my bestie had rabbit and I had a steak with frites! Let me tell you... everyone gets the Cashew Butter and Fig Jam sandwich but I am telling you to go out of your comfort zone and do something a litto crazay--- order a beer, eat a friggen rabbit or a cow? , show a little cleavage or if you are a guy show a little...... i mean well maybe it IS little so you might want to cover up! but ughhh .......OH you can buy a girl a beer... perhaps a girl who likes blue mooney kind of beers...like myself hehehe. A couple things to keep in mind1. It is small in there2. There is usually a wait time3. It is not cheap4. Bring good company it makes a good date spotA bunch of us came down from Evanston to celebrate a birthday here. I'd never been before and I liked the atmosphere and selection. It was crowded (as usual I hear) so we did get jostled a bit but we were still able to snag a couple of tables close to the bar. I liked my blonde leffe and actually finished the whole thing, which doesn't sound remarkable except that the glass was pretty big and I usually don't finish my drinks because I get really red, hot, and itchy (curse of the Asian flush, sadly). So, I'd have to say that the drinks are worth the visit!Also, I didn't know about the mussels (should have read Yelp first), but I thought the frites with aioli were addictive - so slim but full of flavor!This place was really great - the beer selection is overwhelming if anything, especially for someone that isn't so much a connoisseur as a fan.  The food is also great; can't beat a bucket full of mussels and a duck reuben.  I was a little too timid to try the pb&j with cheese on it, but maybe next time.I see some complaints about the atmosphere and busyness as I scroll down, and having only been there once, I won't try to refute it all, but when I went it was sunday night after lollapalooza and the wait wasn't bad at all, especially considering there was another bar/burger joint that we couldn't get into at all.  Good times.We've been going to the Hopleaf since 1999 when we first got to Chicago.  It's roomier now since they added space upstairs, and now has a restaurant (used to be you could bring take-out or order a delivery from menus at the bar).  I'm sure many people have mentioned the food, but when I come it's mussels and fries.  I usually have to ask for more bread to soak up the sauce.Last night, though, here's what I had.  I started with Hansenn's kriek (a cherry beer).   Hansenn's is a traditional farmhouse brewery, still brewing beer in open fermenters that are infected by wild yeasts in the air, creating a sour brew.  Hansenn's is especially good because they don't add sugar at the end of the brewing process, so the kriek was very tart,  virtually uncarbonated, with a nice sour cherry palate.  It was better and much drier than the sparkling wine my drinking partner had.  $12 for a rare beer that most Americans would spit out and flush down the toilet!  I LOVE this place!Next was the Tripel Karmeliet, a more standard Belgian golden ale served on draft in a goblet.  Wonderful, strong stuff, but it's served too cold for my taste - the aromatics that Belgian malt-driven beers are known for can't come out properly.  Again, this is very unusual stuff to find in a bar, on draft, and it's why I come here.  The Tripel Karmeliet was only $7.Curiously, the bartenders were not mean, cold, and unapproachable as they often are here.  It was packed and noisy downstairs, but we bought our drinks and went upstairs - full, too, but we sat on the windowsill seating.If you like spending a ton of money on exotic beers from around the world,...then go to the Map Room.  If you like great prices on the same high quality beers and deilsh food, then come to the HopLeaf Bar in Andersonville. Cashew Butter, fig Jam, Morbier cheese on grilled sourdough.   If you go to eat here you MUST order it.   Not to mention it comes with Stilton mac and cheese AND housemade chips?  Seriously? For $10?  Awesome. Good service but then again we were there on a Friday night and it was incredibly busy.  20 minute wait isn't bad for 11 pm at night.  We went upstairs and had a couple beers while waiting for our table. Also had the Duck Rueben sandwhich which was also really good and not too overly greasy for duck.   And that came with good fries too.Came here on a weekday around 530~ My guy friends and my brother both recommended this place to me, so I was looking forward to seeing what the hubbub was all about. I think guys would def love this place.Okay caveat: I don't really like beer... (i know i know.. you can stop reading if you like. Lol it's like when I read sushi reviews, and someone says they ordered a california roll.. I def stop reading...) Anyway, that being said this is a review more for the food. The mussels were so-so... sort of presented in the classic french moules-frites sort of way with delicious crispy fries and addictive aioli on the side. I just felt the mussels were not as flavorful. I prefer more garlic and wine flavor with some butter.. but it was more brothy. Also had the brisket plate with side of mac and cheese. Solid mac and cheese but wasn't impressed with the brisket. On a side note: a crazy man (maybe on drugs or something) came in and tried to start a fight with the bartenders!! I was scared..but thank goodness this place was just packed with dudes who handled the situation :POne word = ExcellentI've lived in Chicago for a little over 6 years, and up until the other day hadn't ever visited the Hopleaf Bar...a pretty epic fail on my part.  My date and I decided we should head on over to the Hopleaf.  It was love after the first 10 minutes.I had two of their beers : Kwak and Leffe Blonde.  Both delicious.  My date had the Nosfer.Dinner included: Steak Frites- it was good overall, but a pretty fatty piece of meat.  The dipping sauce for the fries was amazing.  My date had the grilled chicken that was also extremely tasty.I look forward to going back to Hopleaf again soon!This place has so much potential to be awesome, but the elitist attitude of ALL of the staff every single time I have been in there has killed it for me.  Come on Patrick Bateman!  THIS isn't Dorsia and you're NOT serving sea urchin seviche or lobster ravioli in a lemon grass broth!  Cut the 'tude!  It's a neighborhood bar with a Belgian theme, get over yourself!If you're a good ol' kid out to sip some PBers, please do not crowd this little gem with your juvenile beer taste. It's not a knock on you. It's merely an effort to preserve the hoppy sanctity of my favorite watering hole.(Plus, I'm a beer snob who hates to wait in line only to see someone turn around with a domestic they can buy at Jewel.)A trip to Hopleaf is your time to be adventurous. Try something new! There are hundreds of beers to choose from. You cannot go wrong. The upstairs quarters are a little cramped, but you'll understand why once you get there.If you can, put your name in for dinner. The food is great. I had the portobello mushroom and polenta entree and while my dad enjoyed his meatier dish. Both were filling and delicious.The atmosphere is warm, and aside from the the lively conversation around you, it's calm. No blasting TVs or obnoxious music. Just a good bar with good people.Hopleaf has great food. Fantastic beer selection. But I hate waiting for good food and good beer.I've been to Hopleaf several times. Each time, I've had to wait insanely long for a table-- even if we go during non-peak times. There's a tip for you-- there is no such thing as a non-peak time at Hopleaf. I've also gone upstairs and stood for a few hours in a shoulder -to-shoulder crowd while I attempted to enjoy my beer.A few years ago, I wouldn't mind driving out here and waiting for a long time for a table, because this place was so unique in Chicago. But now, there are so many great options for gastro-pubs in Chicago with extensive beer lists and great food, that I'll only venture to come out to Hopleaf once or twice a year.I had the great privilege of being taken to the Hopleaf sometime around New Year's (can't remember the exact day, probably too much ethyl). All I remember are a few glasses of excellent beer, a delicious pot of mussels traditionally prepared in white wine/garlic/shallots, and french fries served with herbed mayonnaise.Those memories have stayed with me for over six months now, and I still sometimes daydream longingly of those delicious mussels even though a couple thousand miles separates us.Hi, yeah, what a night.  I lost my wallet in a cab and missed my Metra train (I was living in the suburbs at the time).What a wonderful place though!  I went for a friends birthday and although we went for dinner, there was a 2(!) hour wait and we had to sit upstairs and drink.  Once we sat, I think the food was good, but the four delicious beers I'd had kind of made me forget the taste.  The mussels were really good and the fries were amazing too--I give it four stars because of the RIDICULOUS wait.Great  beer selection, but I wish they offered some cheaper options. (Point is the only one under $5. Yuck.)The soft jazz and classical music in the background is nice when the place is quiet/not too crowded, but it doesn't do much for a party-type scene during the after-dinner hours.OH MY GOD.I had dinner here for the first time last weekend. WOW.I went with a chef friend so naturally we got a bunch of stuff to try: the duck charcuterie plate and pork belly for starters, then the rabbit stew and brisket for our entrees. I have never had duck liver mousse before and was hesitant at first, but it was DELICIOUS. Everything we had was so well prepared and presented and tasted amazing. It's been a while since I had a meal of that calibur.My most favorite place to go for mussels and a delicious beer (or four). You will be astounded and blissfully happy when you see the beer selection, and your taste buds will be tantalized if you decide to stay for dinner (which will give you the added pleasure of a roomy table in the dining area instead of the often-overcrowded bar area).Best tip I can give you: Get the mussels... Belgian style!I was first introduced to Hopleaf a few years ago on a first date. That didn't last, but this neighborhood bar did. It was instantaneous chemistry. In the 'hood, a beer selection that will knock your socks off (for the hop lovers like me!), delicious food (the mussels are amazing!) and a great, casual atmosphere. I really really love this place. I look forward to coming here for a drink, a bite to eat and good conversation with friends. But, the service has got to improve. I have yet to meet a bartender here that knows the meaning of customer service. And it only seems to get worse ... so please, drop the 'tude.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Great food.  Great Beer. Great Staff.  Great Atmosphere! What more could you want?!  I go here on a regular basis and just adore the staff.  They are so knowledgeable and friendly.  I'm always learning new beer facts and they have suggested some amazing beers that I have loved.  This is one of my go-to places when friends come to visit.  And although it can be a little pricey, it's well worth it. Visit any night of the week and it can get busy and you can meet some amazing people. Plus, it can be a great "straight oasis" in a grown-up gay neighborhood.  The beer selection is AMAZING and they are always bringing in new beers that are soon to be added to my list of favorites.  The bar tenders take their job seriously and really know their craft.  And the whole staff is friendly and fast!  Among some of my favorites here:  Mussels (amazing- made me realize you could get yummy food in a bar.) The Duck Reuben Sandwich (it haunts my dreams) and the Steak Au Frites (yum)  Plus, their fries by themselves are delish.  Also, a little know fact.  If you prefer a lighter fare, they serve a delicious salad that can also be substituted for their fries (but why not just get both)I will be back here again and again.  (On a side note: I have just recently learned that there is an outdoor patio - this is on my to do list as the last time I was there it was storming)I'd venture to say that this is one of the top 3 places to get a microbrew in the city. Awesome selection, pitcher available for $12-18 (for good quality/alcoholic content beer) and a group of quality bartenders. A great atmosphere for hanging out with friends.Do yourself a favor and go see the Neo-Futurist's performance of Too Much Light Makes the Baby Go Blind and follow it up with a 12:30 to 2:00 AM romp out at Hopleaf. Always a good time, and not too expensive for the value of the entertainment ($7-13 for the neo-futurists ticket + $17 for a pitcher with tip = a good night)The beer selection here is shockingly (almost overwhelmingly) extensive!!! Some may describe me as a "beer snob", because I am willing to spend (what is seemingly too much) good money for good beer. I prefer "beer connoisseur", because I actually know my stuff and can eloquently and intelligently talk about why it is I like the beers I do, and what justifies their price. I'm sorry, but the price of most things in life are a direct reflection of it's quality. Yes, sometimes you do just pay for name, but with most things, and ESPECIALLY beer, you get what you pay for.  There is a reason that college dorm trash cans are filled with empty cans of Natty Ice, because it's garbage, and therefore broke college kids can afford it.  That said, in my opinion Hopleaf is THE place to go on the north side if you like good, quality, hard-to-find beers from around the world. They have enough to choose from that you won't be bored any time soon, especially Belgian beers.  Ordering a new beer to try is such a gamble, because you never know if you're gonna like it. There have been a couple times here that I have tried a new one that by the first couple of  sips I knew I just did NOT like, and both times the staff was kind enough to just get me something else, no questions asked. All in all, I would definitely say to check this place out if you love good beer! The place is visually interesting, has a good ambiance, and is fairly priced, I hear the food is great also, but I will admit I've never tried it. I come just to sit at the bar and enjoy some good brew. Ahh, brewwww.... *Pops one open*Best food. The brisket sandwich, the ham and gruyere, the mussels (belgium style)... and the best beer on tap.  I highly suggest the Leffe Brune, Sprecher Black Bavarian...  The bartenders and wait staff are very knowledgeable and super friendly and if you tell them what you like they will find something new for you to try.The crowd is very low key, and also usually very friendly and willing to offer you advice on what to try next.The music is always the right music at the right level.I have never been disappointed and i eat and drink there at least once    a week for the last 2 years.Did i mention the frites and aioli?Love. This. Bar. I've been exploring all the wonderful things Andersonville has to offer, and this is the best gem I've found.The beer is amazing, probably, but I pretty much drink whatever name is funniest, so I'm really just here to emphasize the muscles!!!! They are so, so tasty, and you get a ton. I went with a friend who loves to eat almost as much as I do, and we made do with an order of muscles for 2, and another appetizer. Meals made of appetizers are how I dream of living every day, so yes.The atmosphere and the service are great as well, and you KNOW you're in a good restaurant in Chicago when you have to go down into the basement and pass a creepy atm to pee.The food at Hopleaf is simply outstanding.  I had their brisket sandwich and my friend had braised rabbit (I think).  I still want to go back for the brisket and to try other selections.  I had a bite of the rabbit and it was fantastic.  I did also try their steamed mussels, which were plentiful but only OK.And the downside this place is crowded and does not take reservations.  So if you want dinner without a huge wait, I suggest you arrive early.  Also I would have to agree with those who said their wait staff is a little slow.  Not terrible...think Europe.YOU MUST HAVE AN ID AND BE DRINKING AGE.  No exceptions made.  We found this out the hard way when one of our friends left her ID at home.- AndrewHopleaf is by far my most favouritest place here in Chicago, but i dare not go too often, as it's an impeccable place to shoo your diet away and load up on creamy, carby, deliciousness.  If you haven't been here.... you are just silly!  Don't be overwhelmed by the beer menu. It is large, yes.  But the descriptions they provide are right on and the servers will always assist you.The menu is seasonal and it is so fantastic.  I dream about frites and aioli.Things have indeed changed at Hopleaf, since even a little over a year ago. What's that you say? You saw them on "Check, Please!"? Yeah. Join the club.What used to be a great bar with a solid group of regulars who knew that it was one of THE places to find a selection of beer unequaled elsewhere in the city has now become a place filled with people that don't understand why there isn't any "Lite" beer on tap.If you like Light, Lite, or American junk, don't go here! It's that simple. For the rest of you who want a stupendous variety of choices of Belgian and other European and North American beers (think Canada), then this is indeed the place to be.Does it get crowded? Yes, it most certainly does. Here are some tips to deal with that: Show up as a small party, like four or less. Call in advance to put your name down for a table in the back, if you wish to eat in the dining table. Be aware that *especially* on Friday and Saturday, they can get hit to the point that you won't be able to get in. Bring cash if you want to hang out upstairs (open Friday and Saturday); there are two ATMs directly across the street and one down the block.For those commenting on the attitude - many, many, MANY times I have seen attitude when it has first been generated by a customer. I kid you not.And, BarnacleBilly - this obviously wasn't a bar for you. But in terms of beer selection, food quality, and ambiance when it's not overflowing, Hopleaf continues to be a great bar, and will more than likely continue to be long after other bars that are hot now close their doors for good.The best bar in town. They have about twenty different species of beer,  ON TAP.  Triple Karmeliet (sorry Kevin A.--I don't taste the ham) is so tasty on tap that I can no longer drink it from the bottle.  Kwak is another winner.  $5, 9 percent alcohol--two of these gets me drunker than 6 bottles of anything else and it doesn't even taste like rubbing alcohol.  This place is so class thats its turned me into a beer snob. They do it right period.And I haven't  gushed about the food yet.  The mussels are like butter (if the beer doesn't do it first, these are totes an aphrodisiac, by the way)!  And where else can you get such a gamey menu, pates , sausage plates, duck! everything is perfect  outmatches The Publican for  sure. well played Hopleaf!!!I got seriously, violently ill after eating the mussels here one night. Also, the ham and cheese sandwich was a horrible, greasy, soggy mess. I shudder to even think about that night. To say I was disappointed in my experience here is putting it mildly. I would not eat here again, but the bar is great because it has poltorak mead, which is hard to find. The lambics are great, too. Come only for the drink and partake of the food at your own risk.Okay -I should preface this review with "I am vegetarian and a non-beer lover." However, I did enjoy Hopleaf - to an extent.The bar can and will be very crowded on weekends but fortunately my friends and I were able to locate a table to seat 12! Unfortunately, the waitress was *very* inattentive. Most of our meals came out in sporadic epiphanies and some friends were finished with their dishes before others, while still more had yet to order.When I was so privileged to actually converse with the waitress,  I choose the squash-cauliflower tart. Yes, I know it sounds pretty gross - and it was. It was like apple pie sans apple filing and stuffed with mashed potatoes.My friends did enjoy their mussels & duck reubens, which were devoured as others (friends who had not ordered) looked on with vacant hungry stares. The friends also loved the beer selection. Personally, I just enjoyed my friends and my glass(es) of red wine but I think next time I will eat before I drink here.Firstly - I went here to eat not to drink, so this is only a review on the food.I was a little surprised by the overly-foodie menu.  Don't get me wrong, I love new food combinations and flavors, but sometimes you want a simple option to fall back on...Hopleaf doesn't have it, and the sides are $6 so there's not much consolation there that you can support your meal with a tasty familiar side if you don't like your entree.I got a brisket sandwich, and it was nothing to write home about (or finish).  They offered rye or sourdough, and brought me what seemed to be pumpernickel.  Yes, I realize pumpernickel is a subset of rye, but it wasn't something I wanted.  There was plenty of piecemeal brisket between the slices, and NOTHING else.  Call me picky, but if I'm paying $12 for a sandwich, I'd like it to have some fixins.  And I'd also like a $12 that's easy to eat...not falling all over my plate.At the end of the day it wasn't disgusting, but it was a pretty bland meal.  The only thing on my plate that had any flavor was...brisket.  The fries were potatoey and forgettable, and all else I had was bread, brisket, and a pickle.  I was expecting something a little more varied, a little more exciting.  What I got was a bbq leftover sandwich.  OK for a brown bag lunch, not something I want served up at a restaurant.Wow, I disliked that more than I thought I did.Hopleaf how I LOVE YOU!! You have such an eclectic beer menu, you have such a good vibe, your food is so good, your wait, eh, not so good sometimes, but definitely worth the wait! Ive been coming here for several years now, my boyfriend introduced me to this place, and we always come back and get the exact same thing! The mussels for two. They are honestly so good! We usually go with the seasonal broth and this past Friday it was some white wine chorizo deliciousness. The only complaint about our recent visit, is that there didn't seem to be as much broth covering the mussels as there usually is? The fries were delicious per usual as was the aioli! We also had the sausage platter and the rabbit for a starter and both were very tasty!! The food is always fresh and well prepared here. I just love it! I would try to get there as early as possibly on a Friday or Saturday night as the wait does tend to get pretty long! But, like i said before, it is definitely worth the wait! The bar upstairs is cash only so be prepared!I can't tell you how many times I've yelped a bar and used the phrase "it's your typical bar ." This is not one of those times. Actually, in my opinion, everything about Hopleaf is quite unique. When I first stepped inside the first thing I thought was "Why do I keep getting told it's tough to get a table here?  Looks like your typical bar to me." Then I was taken to the back, as dinner was on the agenda. It's not a fancy dining area, but nonetheless it is nice and one where you can speak with those your out with without having to shout (very important in my book!). The food selection was unique as well. If you're looking for a burger, look elsewhere. There were so many choices that I will definitely have to return so at the very least I can sample all the dishes that caught my eye. On this particular occasion, I had the Tilapia sandwich. It was lovely! Lightly fried on the outside and cooked just perfect on the inside. The server not only helped me choose which entree to get, but also helped with table's beverage selection - which was perfect just as well. When it comes to atmosphere Hopleaf has something for everyone.  If you're looking to hang at a bar the front is for you.  Looking for a more formal eating area?  Try the back.  One person mentioned outdoor seating in their Yelp review which I would be totally down for, but didn't ask about because I was concentrating more on my desire for food.  However, I look forward to the experience in the future.Last, but certainly not least, the server was friendly and helpful. I appreciated her candid input on the food and beverage selections. Overall, now I understand why people have trouble getting a table for dinner and also why it's worth it.Blah blah blah. Thank goodness for hype, otherwise I might actually have had a pretty good time (instead of just average) at least once here. After close to 900 reviews, there's not that much that hasn't been said about Hopleaf.I've hoisted a few here. It's one of the few quality spots around these parts...Andersonville's up and coming, but pretty much north and west of here there's nothing else close to Hopleaf. Yes, big interesting beer selection and blah blah blah. Lot's of people acting like refined beer connoisseurs sitting around. Yeah ok.I've never had the opportunity to eat in the dining room here, even on traditional "off" nights. Who has the time to wait upwards of two hours for a tale to open? I'm also seeing tour buses shoving people in here on weekends.Whatever. I'll just go to the many other places that are now like Hopleaf that have a big list of beers and blah blah blah.a bar with a gourmet edge! My friend, Brittany recommended this place since she had a mussel craving. And since I don't eat fish, I cannot comment on the mussels themselves, which she said were delicious. She got them beer battered and I tasted the gravy- that was pretty good! Super hearty and great flavour. They come with a huge portion of fries and mayo which aren't very good at all. The place itself is a beer bar- has a staggering number of beers and the bartender seemed really informative. They have space in the back and stairs to the 2nd floor with additional seating. Also, the loo is downstairs- not the best place when you have a couple under your belt..  I had the fontina and the CB&J sandwich. Also had original sin cider. I don't drink beer, so this bar was kinda wasted on me. But since I do like an occasional cider I thought I would try the original sin. Must say I liked it! tart and not too sweet and no prolonged aftertaste.. went down perfectly!The CB&J was super interesting. Had all the greasiness of bar food, and a grilled sandwich- yum yum- but had a great mix of ingredients and flavours taken into account. The fontina was the cherry on top of the cake. Made with spinach and cheese and wrapped in phyllo- and i can never say no to phyllo. Had a goddess dressing on top- not a lot, but well presented - and some greens as well. The textures were well balanced and totally worth the wait!Couple of things to note- they can only zap your card thrice and there is no food till 5 pm. Since I got there at 3, my friend and I waited till 5.Stop #1 on my "Eating my way through Chicago/St. Louis and possibly doing other things on this trip Summer Tour 2011" was to Hopleaf Bar.  I hadn't heard of this place, but the friend I was staying with suggested it and it wasn't a far walk from where she lived.I will make this review brief as there are almost 1000 others that probably will say it better.  They have a huge beer list.  I had 5 Rabbit 5 Wizard Wit ($6) which is a local beer from Chicago.  I like to drink local when I'm local.  For my main dish I had the Organic Montreal-Style Brisket Platter ($15) which came with a dill pickle, cole slaw and Stilton mac and cheese.Everything was quite good.  On this night the AC wasn't working inside so the Wit tasted especially good in a slightly warmer venue.  We could have sat outside, but it wasn't any cooler out there.Yessir. Brussel Sprouts to start. Would you like them with truffle oil or bacon? BOTH. So luscious and hearty. Also, add the Mac and Cheese. Oh my. The cheese is organic-y goodness, with a bit of panko-like bread crumbs on top to give it a bit of crunchy texture, to break up the extreme cream of the cheese. i got the Brisket sandwich for a late lunch. He got the Black Earth pork rib. Both served with the frites or shoelace-like fries.  Oh so good. Organic beef and pig, just killing me. Had several types of beers here. I recommend anything Two Brothers, just because they are from my hometown-ish area. I left happy and full. Took a serious nap after that one.That feeling when you just ate a full meal and immediately regret it because the food looks much better in the venue you just entered. Yea, that's probably common amongst people entering Hopleaf.Industrial, dark wood, dim lighting, low music, mind boggling draft beer selection, superfluously long bottled beer selection, wines on tap, and a menu obscure enough to scare some away until the aromas from the neighboring tables bring peak your curiosity.We tried a few drafts, with standouts being the Dragon's Milk Stout, and the Brownstone Ale. Next time I'm in town this will definitely be a dinner destination, until then I can just study the menus jealously.Hopleaf has a serious CATALOG of bottled beers. Huge selection of Belgians on tap as well. Very impressive. I like to try unusual beers while I'm here, such as Kwak, which is served in a glass reminiscent of a chemistry set. The high alcohol content of a lot of these beers can certainly cause Jekyll-Hyde transformations if you go overboard, so enjoy in moderation.There can be an awful wait during prime hours. The upstairs is usually more open than the ground floor, and the bar up there still has a decent stock of beer. So if you're just coming for a few drinks, that might be the better option.Sadly, there are rarely dishes on the ever-changing menu that would be suitable for a vegan - especially a hungry one. The heirloom tomato salad - with smoked cucumbers and haricot verts - that they used to have was delicious, as was the gazpacho that was a special one day. Looking at a more recent menu, all that's left are the frites or onion rings (sans the aioli). But none of these items were enough for a good meal.  I could try the cashew butter sandwich without the morbier cheese and mac & cheese, but then it wouldn't be worth $10. Same goes for the salads without the cheese or dressing.Great selection of Belgain beers and a nice, little seating area in the back where you can get a bite of dinner.The beer is fantastic and if you find a better selection of beer or beer glasses, I would like to hear about it. The food in the back was good. We had a few appetizers and an order of the top notch Aioli and Frites. The sausages were very good and the beet salad was also good, but the feature was the garlic aioli with the skinny frites. Yes they are french fries (does anybody eat Freedom Fries anymore?), but they are darned good fries.A friend and I swung by Hopleaf before heading to Too Much Light Makes the Baby Go Blind at the Neo Futurarium around the corner. Having heard great things for ages, I was excited and immediately gravitated towards the beer list. And delicious beer was had. Flemish sour ale, framboise, and doppelbock. Oh! And they have mead. Mead! It ain't just for renaissance re-enactors, people!So, a few downsides to the evening. First of all, the company. Competition for a table was cut-throat and evidently a pair of women totally stared down my friend while she waited for me and the rest of our party to arrive. Yeesh. Secondly? The food. I wish I hadn't eaten beforehand and had an appetite for the moules frites. This said, I nibbled off my friend's plate of Montreal brisket and fried onion straws... and got super, super ill later. She and I both felt a little woozy after the ludicrously oily, salty frites and onion loaf and were more than thankful to settle into our seats at the show soon after. You've heard of bars over-salting their food to entice you into buying more drinks? This brings that to a new level.Major plus, though: absolutely foxy "bouncers." I put that in quotes because I could've sat on these guys and killed them. But, uh, mee-ow.My meal last night at the Hopleaf has upped the stars to five!  A great beer and food menu along with consistently great service has made this a go-to place for a meal I know will not disappoint.  Each of the following are excellent:- Sausage appetizer with beans- Poached pear salad with stilton blue cheese- Bread pudding- Mussels- Brisket- Steak friteYou just can't go wrong here with anything on the menu.  Enjoy!Hop Leaf gets PACKED on weekend nights, but rightfully so. It has a huge selection of hard-to-come-by beers and the set-up is very nice in a vintage sort of way. It's a little pricey. I guess they can price it their way since they wear the king crown of Chicago's best beer bar. N.B. - They're around the corner from Too Much Light Makes The Baby Go Blind, and I recommend you make a night out of it.Founders' Dirty Bastard on tap for $4.50?  Incredible!  The selection of beers, is of course, almost unmatched (Quenchers and Map Room also wow).  But the tavern environment is cool, as are the multi-levels.  I just wish it wasn't so damn packed!  It's a victim of its own success.I would love to try the food, but it's a little expensive for what I was expecting.  We asked the bartender for a menu and he gave one to us and didn't inform us that the kitchen would be closing momentarily.  Way to go, dude. I'd be here often if I lived near it.My brother's rehearsal dinner was recently at Hopleaf.  While I was a bit concerned it would be really loud, the upstairs private room was surprisingly quiet, and secluded from the masses waiting for mussels.Our bartender could not have been nicer to our group.  I don't recall his name, but he was really fast with the drinks and took time to explain the different beers to those unsure of their choices.The food was amazing, as usual.  We had a huge buffet of mussels, frites and aioli, the famous ham sandwiches, brisket sandwiches, mac and cheese, salad, and for the veggies, sandwiches made of cashew butter and fig jam (which were popular even with the carnivores in the crowd).  There was so much food left at the end of the night, so the staff boxed up the leftovers into goody bags perfect for nursing a wedding morning hangover.I was a big fan of Hopleaf before, but this is a great spot to hold a private event.  Thanks!Bar and dining room full of hipsters, trend setters, adults, scallywags, and the guy doing a crossword puzzle at the bar. I walk in soaking wet from riding my bike, not a person looks at me strange or thinks its out of the ordinary to show up looking so terrible. Barkeep states, "you nee a drink." This place is fun on multiple levels. You can go with your significant other or family member and have a nice dinner in the dining room, or sit at the bar with close friend, or go with a small group when it's late and just catch some good conversation but probably better beer. Their selction is intense at first, but if you know what you like you'll manage pretty quickly. For amateurs and pro's, their menu is superbly put together. Very easy to read through and I dont feel like I'm ready for a pop quiz by the time I'm done. Not to mention they typically have fantastic beers on tap. Go for a pot of mussles, go for their Steak Frites, hell...just go for any reason.Well let's start where it all starts the hostess, she was not very welcoming or friendly at all. We then sit outside where it is extremely dark then wait about 15 minutes until we meet our server. He is nice but only came around twice and one time was to get the order and the other is to give us our check. I really like this place but today it fell short by a long shot. They have great brews on tap but who cares when the service sucks. Just saying @hopleafI really don't have anything bad to say about this place other than, maybe they're too popular? I don't know, seems silly to get all ninny about someplace being successful. Yeah, I have to wait longer for a table, but for me, the food is still worth it. The CB&J (Cashew butter and fig jam with melted cheese on toasted bread) is still reason enough to come here, and I haven't even mentioned the beer yet.The first time I came to the Hopleaf was a couple years ago for the Drinking and Writing Brewery's Festival. Fucking marvelous. We got to taste test a large amount of the beer the Hopleaf serves, and let me just say, it was hard to find one I didn't like. I did find that when I left I left with an addiction to Delirium Tremens, Satan (the beer), and Three Floyd's. The servers here seem friendly, and well the bartenders can be standoff-ish, I find that if you do seriously ask them about the beers their willing to talk and are knowledgeable enough. There really isn't any reason to give this place less than 5 stars. I'd give 'em 6 if I could.Solid mussels (where do they get the bread they serve with them - WOW) and great frites...if you show up right when they start serving food you'll likely have great service and have no problem getting seated right away.  I love the cozy vibe in the back room - definitely a place to check out for a fun time.My major complaints about this place are (1) that they don't serve Duvel in the correct glass, and (2) they are quite strange with certain requests...it was empty and freezing so we asked to move one table over to be closer to the fire, and they said no!  Not the hugest deal, but we all thought it was strangeI will give them this - huge beer list and the servers really know the brews (and they are really good at making suggestions)Beer selection is still excellent, that's not going to change. On the other hand, the last few times we've been, we left disappointed in the food. Several items were overcooked and several things were so salty that we could barely finish them. I'm not sure why things seem to be slipping in the kitchen, but I hope it gets turned around. I'll keep going for the great brews and hopefully I can give a better report on the food soon.My bf and I went in on a Friday night. It was super crowded, but the wait wasn't long at all. We sat in the back, which seems like that's where you'll be seated if you're going to eat. The front just looks like a bar. The beer selection was colossal and we each tried something new. We each ordered sandwiches. I had the duck reuben and my bf ordered the brisket on rye. Both were dry and definitely not what we expected. Bad choices for sure. But the mussels for two definitely made up for it! We kept asking for more bread because that sauce the mussels are soaking in is to die for! We're going to give this place another shot and will certainly be ordering the mussels again.Get over the attitude. I love this spot. It is neighborhoody without being dirty. The beer list is stacked with lots of awesome Belgians. The food is also really creative and amazing. The Mussels are great. It feels like a nor'easter coastal bar with good food.Gotta love places that serve a large amount of high ABV beers.  During winter I had a beer that was 14-15%, and it was really a beautiful thing.  I'd like to come back here with some money and actually be able to afford to get more than one, but you really don't need too many more than that anyways.Other than the beer, seems like a cool spot.  It was a bit crowded when I went, but it was Saturday, so that's to be expected.  In a really cool neighborhood too- I look forward to checking this place out more.One of my favorite bars on the North Side. The beer selection is unbelievable, prices reasonable, and the atmosphere is fun to boot.Only gripe, of course, is that a place this good gets crowded, FAST. If you're going on a weekend night, go early. There's more seating upstairs but the selection is slightly more limited--50+ varieties of bottles available, but nothing on tap, and they don't take credit cards.I've never gone for the food so I can't comment on that!I appreciate the beer selection here, but for my wife and I it's a bit of a hike to get there and I'm sad to say the last two times we made the trip it was absolutely not worth it.  This was one of the first places I took my now-wife back in 2004, given her love of Belgian beers.  We were able to sit quickly, the food was great, the beers were great.  And then the Check Please episode aired.  Still, with great food and beers, we could handle a bit of a wait.However, the last two times we made the trip, the mussel were absolutely vile.  Horrible.  Unspeakably bad.  Unmitigated fish bait.  However you want to put it.  And the waits are longer than ever -- over an hour and a half on a weekend for a 2 person table (i.e. the easiest to seat).  The beer is still great, but I think it's cheaper to drink at the Map Room, and given our proximity to the Map Room we don't bother to make the trip anymore to Hopleaf.  After two bad experiences in a row with the food, we weren't about to take the time to go up there to wait forever only to have the same thing happen yet again.One of the owners is really nice (I haven't met his wife), and supportive of the beer community here.  I'm glad for them that the place is so popular.  But I can't in good faith recommend it to people anymore for anything other than drinking Belgian beers.  3 stars just for the beer selection alone and for their support of Drinking & Writing, among other things.If you go, go on a weeknight where at least your wait will have a half-decent chance of being under an hour.  Weekends are a lost cause, as it's even worse than Kuma's wait - you're going to wait forever.Meh. I'd give Hopleaf 3.5 stars if I could, but not four.Having been told that Hopleaf was The Violet Hour of beer, I came in with pretty high expectations. I'm a beer snob, so I was pretty excited.The food was great, the beer was great. The sheer volume of the selection was impressive. For just the food and the beer, I'd give Hopleaf a solid 4 stars, but really, I wasn't as blown away as I expected to be.The place was packed and our server was plain not nice. After a discussion with her about seating our medium sized group (about 7-8 people) we were told that we needed to split into two tables on the patio, which was fine, she gave us very confusing directions about where to sit, and glared at us, and in fact bitched at us a little, when a friend of mine took his beer with him from one of our tables across the patio to another to carry on a conversation. She seemed to have realized she was not being a good server about half way through our visit and became very nice - I think she was just overworked, and I felt bad for her- but all in all, it was an unfortunate experience.I'd like to go back on a less crowded night/at a less crowded time, and maybe it'll be better.Very crowded for dinner in Saturday night, but that's a good sign. Excellent beer & wine selections & pretty good menu. The food was a lot more expensive than I'd planned on but we both enjoyed our meals. Go for the Gouda-potato croquettes appetizer; they are the most yummy thing I've ever tasted. I'm going to try and make them at home as I can't face life without them.6 starsEXCELLENT beer selection.  Wonderful menu - quail, brisket (oh the "inconvenience" of the night was that the brisket sandwich was only served on rye bread - totally fine by us), onion rings to die for.And the atmosphere was incredible, we were sat out on the patio.  Just gorgeous.Next time I'm in Chicago I'm bringing everyone.PERFECT gastropub.I come only for the BEER! It's just awesome, the definition of GAstro pub when I think of the beer list. High in alcohol content, barley wines, hoppy bears, stouts, sours, belgium's, unique strong brews! Yumm! The food: The frittes do the trick, the rest is overpriced and disappointing.NOT FRIENDLY TO VEGETARIANS!I know most people don't give two hoots about the above statement, but it is important to me. I am a vegetarian and it is nice when a restaurant has several "Adult" options for us. There was one entree option( a PB and J with cheese) and a couple side options: french fries, mac and cheese, and onion rings. And that is it.  I like all of those things, but it really is lacking in the  meal department.I guess the take-home message is TOO BAD FOR ME AND OTHER VEGETARIANS --cuz the place is cute and the beer is great. For most of you reading, you won't give a rat's hind area that this place has very limited veggie options. Actually, you will probably schvitz at all the "gd" meat options they have on the menu. TONS and TONS and TONS of meat. So go in meat-eaters and eat your meat-lovin hearts out. I will just go for a beer and then head over to LaDonna (next door) and have something to eat.The only problem with this place is the wait.  So go early!Good food.  The salads are totally under-rated and the stilton mac and cheese is the real deal.  Also they do a nice job preparing mussels in classic Belgian style.Great beer selection.  There are some beers here you can only get on tap at a couple places in the whole country.This is a destination restaurant, go and enjoy some great beer.Yep, yep....another place that knows what they are doing.  Beware that you have to get there at an decent hour (read 5:00pm) in order to get a table in the bar.  However, if you are a lover of things involving alcohol, fantastic tastes, and a lot of choice this place is for you.  The beer selection is serious and you better have an idea of what you want before you step up to the bar.  I found the bartenders to be a little pretentious but you know what?? You are in a freaking beer bar.  Don't go here thinking you are going to sip on Bud.  When in doubt say "Chimay Blue" and enjoy.  I don't suspect you will remember too much if you stay for a while....For awhile this was my Friday night hangout.Reasons to love:1. Great mix of people. No pretention. No specific age range. You can dress up or down and it's all good. 2. Beer selection is fantastic.3. The food is amazing. I usually get the mussels and pommes frites every time I go. The frites come with an amazing mayo sauce on the side. CAN'T GET ENOUGH!!4. If the downstairs gets too crowded there is an upstairs bar. And if you're just in the mood to eat, there is a restaurant area. Simply love the atmosphere, the staff and the food! If you want a low-key, easy going, not a dive, not inundated with F-me boots and no sign of hipster mustaches place, this is it. (Caveat - there may be one or two hipster mustaches. Even hipsters gotta eat.)i have been going to hopleaf for about 5 years now it is a great place to go if you want to broaden your palate of belgium and craft beers they have about 15 beers on tap and over a hundred bottled as well as a substantial whiskey selection. it gets really packed in there so I always try and go on off nights but the place is always busy regardless of when you go. The bartenders are extremely knowledgeable of the different brews and tthe doorman rocks! love this place and excited about the expansion!Beer was good, large selection. Service is good too. BUT, the food... I got the brisket Reuben sandwich with fries. Fries were good, but the meat - the MEAT! The fattiest beef I have ever had. There was a quarter inch layer of fat on the meat. It was gross. I barely finished the sandwich and was sick afterwards. Now, no red meat for a month. Too much fat. I don't know if that's how it's supposed to be, but damn!Saw this place on the food network and was super excited for the brisket. Some friends and I were out in Andersonville one night and I tried to drop in for a beer, but we were told they were closed, even though it was 1:30 and there were plenty of people at the bar. They asked if I knew someone, so...elitist!I came back though to try the brisket. It was pretty good. The fries are very crisp and the garlic mayo is a nice touch. They have an extensive beer list, but were out of the beer I wanted to try. It was OK. Nothing super great, but maybe their dinner menu is better.Simply put, this is the bar of all bars.  I travel frequently (no longer live in Chicago) and always end up in fantastic pubs (Brick Store Pub in Decatur GA, Toronado in San Francisco, Old Monk in Dallas, etc.).The Hopleaf is still my hands-down favorite.  EXCELLENT selection of Belgians, knowledgeable staff, and expertly paired food.Looking for a recommendation? Ask Kate (if she's still there) and you can't go wrong.What can I really add to the nearly 200+ reviews thus far...?Well, let's see...everyone is generally right on in their praise and criticism.  Sampling all the different styles of Belgian ales is a true experience provided 1) you actually arrive at a time you can sit down, 2) can manage to have a bartender or server serve you and 3) have the courage to ask for a recommendation from the not so friendly bar staff.  #1 and #2 take care of themselves if you go at a time that isn't busy.  Seriously, if you don't want to smell other people's armpits, don't go on the weekend.  As far as #3, I recommend just closing your eyes, randomly pointing to a beer on the menu and ordering with confidence.  Trying new beers is what you should be there for, and chances are that a random selection off the list will make you happier than the swill you're used to drinking.As for myself, I have had all good experiences here.  I've sat at the restaurant twice for meals and sat at the bar once.  The servers were friendly and not condescending...I have actually asked for and received many recommendations without any eye rolling.  The food is also pretty darn good...perhaps not totally worth the price, but paying for the novelty is fine sometimes.I didn't give this place a higher recommendation because having to strategically plan when you will go to this bar blows.  Secondly, at 6pm on a Wed, this bar seemed to be as loud as on a Friday night despite a fraction of the people.  Hate to go old man style, but I don't like it when I can't hear the person I went there to talk with.I don't get the appeal here.  I was happy to give it a try, and pretty impressed by the back restaurant space since I had no clue it was there.  I had passed it by many times thinking it was just a divey bar.  It has a cool feel, and indeed one of the best beer lists I've ever seen and the menu is far more upscale then I expected. But honestly?  The food just wasn't all THAT great.  I was excited to see that they offer skatewing and gave it a try.  It was good.  But I make it better.  I shouldn't make it better.  I can't cook any better than I can name the entire Bears defensive line (which I can't).   My BF got the bouillabaisse and I think that overall, that was the dish that really brought it down for us.  Ugh.  That's not to say I wouldn't go back, but I'd probably not have such high expectations.A great bar with a great beer selection.  I started with the Allagash White, I've had it in bottle but never on draft.  It was very good.  Next I moved onto the Laganitas IPA.  Again, had it in bottle before at home, first time on draft.  I can't say enough about Laganitas, what a great brewery.  I've tried about 5 of their brews and they are all fantastic.  I next had a Surly, which was so good I had two more.  I really wanted to try the new Metropolitan Flywheel Bright Lager but was told they didn't have it so I was disappointed in that.  Hopleaf is a great bar but don't go late on the weekends and expect to get a seat.  All the beer geeks know about this place and it's always gonna be crowded on the weekend.First off, there beer selection is tops.  Were this *just* a bar, I would be more than sufficiently impressed.But it's NOT just a bar, it's also a wonderful restaurant.  One whose menu is so full of deliciousness, that I have to spend the day before I eat there pouring through the menu to make sure that I make the right choice.  Their brisket is killer, and so is there mac 'n' cheese, and everything else that I've ever nibbled off of someone else's place has also been dynamite.Hopleaf has probably become my favorite bar in Chicago. A friend brought me here after a Cubs game this summer and I fell in love with the great Belgian beer selection and steamed mussels.A little over a week ago, I hosted a graduation party for my wife in their private event room and we had a fantastic experience. The price was very reasonable, the food was great, and the bartender was superb. The big pot of mussels was perfect. They served some of the best sandwiches I've had--the duck reuben was simply incredible.I highly recommend Hopleaf for hanging out or for a private event.Heard about this place for ages; finally was craving Belgian frites enough to make the trek to Andersonville.I would have been better off making them myself... the "frites" were soggy, burnt shoestrings, most of which were too small to dip into the delicious aioli. I've had better at carnivals and bowling alleys, not to mention the Belgian bar I used to work at (where they were fresh-cut, thick, and crispy).The entree my wife and I split was edible, if unappealingly presented. For the price? Unacceptable, as the portion size was more "appetizer" or "side dish." Regardless, it wasn't good enough for us to finish, even after the disappointment of the "frites."Our server seemed uninterested. We were never asked if we wanted refills (probably for the best; my wife chased down our [very nice] hostess to get more soda and was shocked when the refill showed up as $2.50 on our check). After getting our order, I don't think we saw our server again until our check appeared - they didn't even try to upsell us on dessert, which my wife was in the mood for. Maybe our server was just having a bad day, as we also got ignored when we thanked them on our way out.Beer selection had nice choices from local, national, and international breweries. "Best Beer Bar in Chicago," though? Not unless Quenchers and the Map Room (and probably other places) get sucked into a black hole.We won't be going back, not when I can get a better beer selection and better (and cheaper) food much closer to home at Quenchers; if I'm in the neighborhood and want to grab a drink, Simon's is right there, too - I'd rather support their friendly staff and awesome jukebox than the Hop Leaf's indifferent food and service.The beer they have here is magical, its an amazing selection.  Their food is pretty good too. I like their fries and their sauce they give with them.I would go once a week if I was rich!The beer selection can't be beat. Service is good and if you can catch Hopleaf on an off-night, or early in the evening when it isn't packed to the brim, then even better. I also love sitting in the window alcoves on the second floor.  Like the neighborhood, like the bar, love the beer selection, dislike how crowded it sometimes gets (i've been there a few times when you're lucky to get a seat anywhere) - but Hopleaf usually guarantees to please.Hopleaf is the place to go in Andersonville.  An extremely wide selection of beers (Unfortunately for me I'm not a big fan of Belgian beers as I don't think they have ever discovered that HOPS should go into beer...but I've found beers there that I do enjoy immensely).  There menu is stupendous as well. (i.e.  Mussels...get them...love them.)Unfortunately it has lost some appeal to me as it appears to always be crowded nowadays....probably due to appearing on "Check Please"...  But if you find the right time it can be a great place to go...and relaxing.I have a mixed feeling towards the Hopleaf.  When I first arrived in Chicago I fell in love with their mussels but over the past two years I have noticed a decline in quality.  They are now palatable.  The crowds are large, I would recommend going on a weekday early in the week.When it comes to the beer selection it is amazing.  I always get to try something new and I am never disappointed.  By far the best beer selection I have seen in the city.Bottom line: The Hopleaf is still a special place, come have a beer.When it comes to a bar like the Hopleaf, which has been rated by Beer Advocate as one of the best places in America to get a beer,  you have to take a step back before you try and evaluate it. As of this writing 747 people have come before with their opinion on how well the Hopleaf serves a beer and food. We came through the door having read approximately 0 of those reviews and honestly with no expectations other than having heard from my brother (who we're visiting) that this is one of his favorite places for a drink. So we were expecting it to be good but didn't have any baggage demanding for it to be.The hardest thing that I can imagine for a place as popular and trendy as the Hopleaf to do is maintain itself with out losing its authenticity as a beer drinkers bar. So far, at least they are staying the course. We found it easy to strike up a conversation with our neighbors at the bar, Joe, a long-time local and John, an off duty employee. They were happy to debate the merits of the various beers on tap that night (goose island bit.ly/XnAUa was running a promotion) as well as introduce us to the fantastic Barbancourt Hatian rum bit.ly/cdcMVm behind the bar.I used to live in Chicago about four years ago and loved Hopleaf. The beer selection was great and the mussels were always good. We were back in Chicago for Memorial Day and the first place we went was Hopleaf to grab a couple drinks and mussels around 4:30p. The front bar area was packed so we asked for a table in the restaurant and were seated upstairs, after arguing with the hostess about whether mussels and drinks constituted "full service dining". We waited for almost 20 minutes for the server to take our drink and food order. I thought about leaving, but for old time's sake we wanted to stay. The place was not busy in the restaurant. There were many empty tables, but it still took forever. We finally placed our order and that was the last time we saw our server until she dropped of the check. Thankfully, the bus boy was never too far away to fill up our water and then also bring us more bread for the mussel broth. This place used to be great, but the service sucks and they staff (other than the bus boy) is less than helpful. I definitely won't be back next time I'm in Chicago. It's really gone downhill.When a place has been reviewed over 1000 times, I truly wonder if I have anything to add to the discussion.  Maybe I'm just parroting what's already been said, but here's my two cents.Hopleaf is great.  They have a four page draught and twenty four page bottled beer menu.  What's more, the menus are detailed and descriptive, so beer expert or not you'll find what you're looking for.The Hopleaf business has recently expanded so there is usually sufficient seating.  You can also drop by for lunch or dinner.  All in all, this is one of the best bars on the North side of town, and not excessively priced for the experience.Belgium Beer at its BestOn the hoppin' strip of Clark in Andersonville, the Hopleaf bar serves up a bevy of beers. Always packed (be it weekend or weekday), hordes of people treat their taste buds to a variety of beers. Specializing in Belgium beer, the Hopleaf doesn't offer the most helpful or friendly bar staff, but they sure know their beers! With an eclectic crow of costumers ranging from yuppies to the scruff-gruff, you'll feel at home in this wood decorated, cozy bar. Though I have never eaten at the restaurant in the back, I've heard nothing but good things. The Bottom Line: If you know your beers and don't mind a crow, give it a try!The first of many Chicago favorites...Stopped into Hopleaf for a few beers and maybe an appetizer and was blown away by the unique selection of high octane brews.  My personal favorite was the Black Chocolate Stout, but each beer I tried was unique and delicious in it's own way.  We ordered the house specialty Belgian style mussels and loved them as well.  Look forward to going back for special events (Beer & Chocolate!) and a dinner every now and then.Seating was an issue, but eventually a spot opened up at the bar.  Check your 'entitled' attitude at the door. A beer lovers must!Superb!!!The smoked ham sandwich put me in heaven. It's the best ham on dark rye with provolone served with thin french fries and garlic mayo! The menu has a variety of flavs to choose.What ever your palate wants, get it. There are many choices of different hops from all over the world to drink!There is main flr seating for the ones who like a quick seat, outdoor seating for the wild and 2nd flr seating for on lookers. It's one great loft party with strangers without candy.This place rocks!I came here during a bachelor party (the brother of the groom who was from out of town decided to put us in the middle of Andersonville, not knowing it was predominantly gay area). Except for the beer selection, I was disappointed in this place.The waitress we had was completely ignoring us for most of the meal, but it wasn't that the restaurant was busy; she had plenty of time to stand around and chat. My friend who wasn't drinking ordered a cranberry juice (I guess the only thing besides water they had), and was charged $8! I guess we should have figured at this overpriced place, they would charge for a mixed drink that contained no alcohol. The food was good, but the whole experience really turned me off to this place.I wish I could give more stars because I really like the food here.  I will say their sandwiches can get really meaty and dry though.  But everything else is spectacular.  My time is with the staff.  We go there now with the intention that their staff is going to treat us like redheaded step children just for the noki!Their hostesses are extremely rude, "as if you should know."  I feel like a newborn that forgot how to breath every time they seat you. There was one time we ate their before a gallery show, our waitress didn't tell us the specials, made herself scarce, not a kind bone in her body.  The next couple that sat down she went through the specials etc, we felt alienated.  Andy by the way we were not difficult. We knew what we wanted to drink, we were polite and cordial.Hopleaf plays the cool kid card for sure.  If you have never been expect the frigidness but come back for the food. Anything that doesn't involve sandwiches and fies is usually spectacular.The beer is great, and they have some great priced beer, but the service was awful! There were never enough bar tenders when we went (we went a few times), and on one occasion they attempted to charge my husband more than the menu stated because he had had a few drinks. When he spotted the price difference, they said the price on the menu was wrong. He said he wasn't going to pay the price difference because they did not tell him about it when he ordered. They said he would have to give the beers back, which he did. The bartender then poured the drinks out in front of him. We have not been back since. I have talked with our friends who have said that the bartenders tend to be snobs, so it wasn't just our bad experience.One of the worst meals I've had in Chicago, paired with some of the best beers.This is THE place to go if you want a huge range of Belgian beers, with plenty of the local craft brews on offer as well.Very crowded, so need to get there early to get a seat/table.Very noisy also.Wait-staff were fantastic.Biggest disappointment was the food. Everyone had raved about how good the food was, yet my wife and I both felt like it was one of the worst meals we've had in Chicago. On that account we probably wouldn't return.This place is my favorite summer drinking spot.  They have a stellar beer selection and the ambiance is nice, too.  They have indoor seating and a great beer garden in the back.  I went there for dinner for the first time last week and was pleasantly surprised by their food! Everyone should try Hopleaf!That being said... if you come later in the night, try to come with a smaller group.  It gets packed!I feel really bad giving Hopleaf anything less than 5 stars--they've been like a great friend for the last several years, with their always friendly bartenders and wait staff.  This is my favorite beer spot in Chicago, and regardless of my present complaints it will continue to be, since their beer is top notch and the atmosphere is fun and casual.  With that said, I think they may have made a few miscalculations in the new space that they just opened.  Admittedly it's only been a few days, so hopefully things will improve and run more smoothly.  But I was there this week and was seated in the new space, at one of the rear tables next to the kitchen.  These tables are a horrendous idea--my partner and I couldn't hear each other over the shouting of the waiters and cooks, and after an initial jaunt past our table, we didn't see our waiter again.  We quickly tired of this and moved to one of the open-seating areas by the new bar; this was far superior.  I love the long table, and the terrific open space.We ordered food, as we usually do, and the quality control seemed rather off.  Obviously I can't chalk this up to the kinks of the new space for sure, but it seems likely.  We ordered the CB&J, an old favorite, and their sweet corn waffle, one of their new seasonal dishes.  The CB&J was about as mediocre as I've ever seen it--thin and greasy, like a diner grilled cheese.  The waffle was overcooked and dry, a problem which was only exacerbated by the lack of sufficient sauce on it.  The veggies were great, and the sauce was great; but the dish wasn't well prepared and was totally unbalanced.  As I said, my complaints should be taken with a grain of salt.  This is a fantastic bar and restaurant for anyone who likes good beer in a laid back atmosphere.  I will continue to be a regular customer here.  I just hope that they step up the quality control on the food, and do something about those terrible tables by the new kitchen!Finally got my chance to eat here. The wait wasn't too bad although I have heard it can be pretty hoppin'. I have heard the food is as impressive as the beer selection. The potato croquettes were awesome, crunchy and soft on the inside. The frites were also delish! The sandwiches are so hearty that we couldn't order dessert.I have to come back and try something new. The meal is as solid as the beer selection.For a beer lover this place is meca. It has beers from all over the world served in specialty glasses to make them as tasty as they can be.For beer lovers who dont have a bottomless wallet however this place is a the ultiamate tease. $8 beers, $15 pictures (not everything is this expensive) is sadly not for everyone. The place itself is great though. It's got the feel of your favorite neighbood bar, and the bartenders are friendly and knowageable.Ahhh...the rare five stars.Cool, unassuming crowd, staff, and environment.  More beer than you can comprehend.  Food that smelled fantastic, though I didn't eat.  you betchyour ass they get five stars.  If you don't go here, you're only cheating yourself.I love the selection of beers and the absence of a TV.  It's a cool bar with a clientele that's older and smarter.The food can be hit or miss- some nights I have had excellent meals and service here. Hopleaf is not consistent as far as food is concerned- I have had great steak, but also have had rouch not so great steak.. my friend always get the mussels -which can be excellent, but last time made him ill.  The food used to be top notch for a bar type place- but I'd say it depends on the night.  I haven't figured out when its outstanding. I miss those days! The service is a big issue- in the restaurant area- we had spent 80 bucks eating- they were kicking people off the patio because it has to close at midnight- so instead of making sure we still had a place to sit and finish the expensive bottle we ordered- we were rushed inside- found a table upstairs which they said was also closed and to "get out".  If we paid all that money- we at least need a place to finish what we ordered - there was no seats in the bar.. that was pretty crappy.  We got the check of course and were being rushed to pay- but what about the fact that people were in the middle of a nice meal and  you have all these seats and are telling them they have to leave.  The waitstaff isn't exactly great- and we have seen confusion about seating- they don't really do a great job of checking in with you- but  that's not the big issue for me.  Another night- not too busy for a friday the bartender was kind of snippy for no reason- I guess that's common from what friends say- I'm sorry but for a 7$ beer if all you are doing is opening a bottle for me- be civil- you work for tips! I am not demanding or difficult.   I do like Hopleaf, but wish they would concentrate on good service, and consistent food.I had this last night and I have to say it was DELICIOUS..........the leeks were a lovely compliment to the croquete..............Would definitely go back for this again.The boyfriend took me here on our very first date, almost a year ago, and we came back to visit last weekend. We happen to be beer snobs, so the extensive beer selection at Hopleaf makes for great drinking (and spending more money than planned). They've added a new addition next door which was very much needed- Nicely done and huge improvement in the quality of space! A couple more bartenders to handle the customers at the bar and throughout the restaurant would be great. We sat at the bar for awhile, and when the restaurant started to pick up I was hesitant to ask the bartender for anything as he was busy handling other customers coming up to the bar. The food was wonderful!! Very gourmet. Yum-o!I highly recommend this place, primarily to anyone that truly has a passion for beer.Went to Hopleaf with some friends on Saturday night (yes, we caravaned from the South Side.)  Great beer selection - friendly bartenders.  Much better once we got a booth - which my friend and I had to charm some young guys to get.  Had a delicous blueberry mead, and also a not TOO sweet raspberry lambic.  I'll be back!Funny I haven't reviewed Hopleaf yet...I've been going for years. The good years in fact: pre-Check, Please, pre-D-Bags ruining another bar, pre-amateur hour overly drunk girls filling up the place. Now, I can't say I frequent it because of aforementioned nonsense. The beer list is insanely great. This can not be disputed. The food used to be better, though they still have the best moules frites in the city. The sandwiches and brisket that really used to blow my skirt up have just gotten a little TOO greasy, a tad TOO salty. One used to leave Hopleaf after a long boozy night smelling like tons of cigarettes; now one leaves smelling like fryer grease. It's just too crowded and too small of a space to be making that much food. Grease central. I will still go on a weeknight for the perfect beers. Yes, the bartenders are arrogant dicks. But I live too far from the Map Room to frequent it, so what's a girl to do? As far as that Friday/Saturday night waiting for a table nonsense... just go to Andersonville Wine and Spirits on the corner, grab some bottles of equally delicious (and cheaper) beer, and put your jammies on.If some cataclysmic event took place and I had to be trapped inside Hopleaf for 6 months, I don't think I could be happier. In fact, I can't think of an place I'd rather have that happen in.The never-ending selection of quality brew makes me feel like a kid on Christmas morning. My heart rate quickens as I try to decide which one to open first. After I am done with the first one, it's on to the next, and so on. It should go without saying that this is a place for people that really love beer, though while I was there a girl ordered an apple martini. The bartender look like he wanted to kick her in the heart. I kind of wish he had.The food is excellent and well suited for a beer-driven establishment. Most plates are hearty and heavy with Belgian style influencing the food as well as the beer including rabbit, homemade Gruyere mac and cheese, and excellent frites.With all the wonderful beer at hand, I must admit that I anticipated encountering a little beer snobbery from the staff. I was pleasantly surprised when I found that the bartenders weren't just nice, they seemed genuinely  friendly and happy to share their passion about beer.Once inside Hopleaf, the focus is on the company you keep, the beer you drink, and the food you eat. There are no distractions from these things, and that is a welcome change. There are no TVs, video games or jukebox. It's a very comfortable atmosphere with dark wood, low lighting, and vintage beverage signs and posters scattered about.  Not enough good can be said about Hopleaf. You should probably just go there yourself and see.I came back here on a Wednesday night for a dinner date.  Getting seated was no problem. It only took us 15 minutes.  During our wait, we ordered a couple drinks from the bar. We were seated at 8:40pm...We put in an order pretty quickly.We ordered "mussels for one" (w/ the spicy Thai curry), a side order of Macaroni-n-Stilton Cheese, a Duck Reuben sammich, and a Toasted Nueske Ham sammich. The mussels came out in a timely manner.I took a fork full of what I thought were shredded veggies surrounding the mussels.  Bad move.  I found myself chewing on ginger. STRAIGHT UP GINGER. I played it off and just ate it. The mussels were good, and so was the curry broth. The two pieces of bread that came with it were hard as rocks. Hard enough to break windows.10pm...Why are we still waiting for our dinner? You'd think making two sandwiches would be pretty quick. WRONG. And what about our mac'n'cheese? They forgot about us. The waiter asks us if everything is ok. I let him know we are waiting on our food.10:15pm...The sandwiches come out.  They were tasty. Nothing to rave about. Our mac'n cheese came out a few minutes later. It tasted like it needed a dash of salt.Our waiter apologized for the delay. I can't imagine what it's like on a weekend night trying to have dinner. I think there were ten busboys and one waiter.  At least our table was always clean.This is really hard to do because I live near Aville and have always loved meeting up with my friends at Hopleaf for a drink. But for those looking to come for your first time, please know that A LOT has changed since we first started going here in 2008 and not a lot for the better. Yes, the expansion definitely alleviated the crowding. That is a big plus for locals who just want a place to grab a drink. The bad news, the kitchen has gone way down hill in my opinion. Every time we go there is something wrong with our food order - whether we order in the restaurant portion or the bar. I used to LOVE the brisket but the new way of doing things (more like a lunch meat than a hearty, homemade brisket slice) is not great. The service has steadily gone down in general. Not as many smiling faces as their used to be. Earlier this week we stopped by for a beer and some fries. The fries have changed. Granted the fries were growing gradually more salty to begin with so maybe they just needed to make them bigger to balance out the crazy amount of salt on them, but this is just not my style. A lot of stuff is coming out burnt or just sloppy, not paying attention to the requests on the tickets. It's too pricey of a place to eat to shrug off  something not being the way we want it so I will have to find a new place to grab a few beers and a good gourmet bite with my pals. Right now Fountainhead is trending but maybe we will try Jerry's down the street too, they have a lot of taps.Sorry Hopleaf, but I think we need to start seeing other people.Fries & beer.  2 of my most favorite things.  After a short stint working in Belgium, I fell in love in with Leffe Brune and could not find it anywhere stateside (the Blonde seems to be more popular).  So, after hearing that Hopleaf had some of the best fries (w/ aioli) and my Leffe Brune on DRAFT I had to check it out.  With the wall of different glasses (for each type of beer) and the fries in the oversized paper cones - this bar would make a Belgian proud.  Service was great and we were able to find a seat in the bar area right away.  I was not really blown away with the mussels but I really did not come for that anyways.  Slightly pricier compared to your typical neignborhood bar, but for great beer and a casual night out I would highly recommend.  I just wish this place was closer.Ahhh, Hopleaf. This is really the perfect bar in my book: lots of good beer and interesting food.But it seems like every time I'm here someone I'm with is behaving badly. There was my friend who was generously offering to screw everyone's girlfriend, assuring them he wasn't too drunk to get it up. Yeah thaaaanks, dude. Good thing Hopleaf is a mellow crowd.Then there was the online date who was easily 60 pounds heavier than her picture. And 60 pounds more boring. But she loooooved me and kept asking for a kiss. Ummmm, no thank you hey I think I left the stove on gottagobye!Next time at Hopleaf will NOT be a disaster. I swear.Truth be told, we are old and lazy.. and scared to drive drunk but too cheap to pay for long cab rides.. therefore we stay in the neighborhood.  We had some friends in town who suggested we meet at Hopleaf.. waaaay out of our comfort zone.. but after visiting Hopleaf, we may have to start venturing out more!We only drank and had some fries to snack on.. but the front bar area is super cool. It's low-key, casual and dark. I don't think there was even any music playing... Normally that would be weird and awkward, but totally wasnt. Its communal first come-first served tables and chairs.. which gives it a kind of coffee house vibe. The beer menu is super heavy and caters to the Belgium/wheat/weiss/white/... beers. Not my thing, really... but there's plenty other selections.Might have to pony up some cash for a long cab ride up north, but this place is worth it.I can smell my own balls.Steamed mussels..... steamed mussels.  Steamed mussels.Phenomenal draft and bottle beer selection.And also, steamed mussels.Well, the water was cold.Recently my friend and I saw the Hopleaf featured on the Food Network. The host was especially taken with the thick-cut brisket sandwich. That sandwich is no more. Instead, they deli-cut the brisket, and it ends up tasting like corned beef from Jewel's deli counter. My friend had the duck reuben. It was greasy, the bread was, um, blackened, and the sandwich in general was flavorless (aside from the grease, that is). The service was serviceable and the fries were fantastic. The beer list speaks for itself. But in terms of the food, the experience is observable: tasteless and dry, poor presentation, and over-priced. This isn't even a judgement call. I defy anyone to prove otherwise.This is where I was taken by a bunch of gay guys for my 21st birthday (a straight bar, because of its close vicinity to where we were at the time--and it wasn't the rainbow banana Porn Shop down the street).  It is also one of the most horrible, yet rememberable nights because I found out then that I was allergic to the ingredient Hops which happens to be in most beers.  I must say that I will never touch a can of Delirium for another 21+ years.  I should have known with little flying pink elephants as its logo.  I had one glass and was in the bathroom for 2 days (I must say, the glass was a neat shape).  Before that set in, we had a great time here.Since then, I have seen this bar on several lists putting it as one of the best bars in the city.  I guess I should try only their food next time since it hopefully can't do as much harm!I dragged my poor Chicago friend here another night during my visit. She was getting pretty sick of all the beer places I wanted to go to by this point, but she was a good sport about it. We walked in, and the bar area was just jammed. It wasn't looking like a go. But then we squirmed our way to the back, and saw that a couple tables were available. The hostess made certain we were aware that in order to sit back there, we'd have to order food. Hey, no problem, you don't have to twist my arm with that! Honestly, even though I'd read the reviews, I was still a little surprised that this place came off as slightly trendy and upscale. Not that that's necessarily a bad thing - hey, beer can be classy too - but it was almost like a place I'd expect to find in a Colorado ski town. Thankfully, upon scanning the menu, I saw that I wouldn't be paying Vail-style prices. OK, bring on the beer!Here, I strayed from my drink-local focus for my trip, as several beers were available on tap that I'd had out of bottles before, but had never before seen on draft. My theme was "Beer from Coast to Coast." I started out with Lost Abbey's Devotion, an excellent Belgian-style golden ale out of S. Cal that to me tastes of tangerine, allspice and cinnamon. I followed that up with Calabaza Blanca from Jolly Pumpkin, Michigan's premier brewer of sour, barrel-aged Belgian-style beers. I capped my beer exploits with Sah'tea from Dogfish Head, probably my favorite East Coast brewer. Oh wait, we ordered food, didn't we? Indeed - the brisket sandwich on pumpernickel was outstanding. The pink slices of smoky beef were mouthwatering, and the spicy mustard and fresh-tasting bread only served to amplify the beef's flavor profile. Portion size was ample, a common theme in all the Chicago restaurants I visited.The service was attentive and friendly. Apparently, the bartenders here have a bit of a reputation for being pretentious dicks, but back in the dining area we experienced none of that. Pretty cool place. I wish I knew of a gastropub at home that takes beer & food this seriously. That whole concept hasn't really "hit" down here yet.it does feel like a broken record when I keep mentioning how long its been since I've been to a place, blah blah blah. More to the point, its very easy to get to for me, and there's kind of a yea, I'll get back to it thought process on my part. And yet, everytime I come back I remember how stupid I am to not be here more frequently (and cue me having this thought process again over the next 8 months)so, to cap my word spew and get onto the review itself I made sure to stop by here for some pre-show beers before the flaming lips show (and of course afterwards) on thursday night. It was actually more my friend's call, and when he said this is where we're going all I could think was: I'm an idiot for not thinking of hopleaf. Oh well, I'm here, I'm drinking and I'm happy. The selection rules, especially since it appeals to many of my beer loves. I also loved the local selection as they had a few local brews on tap that I haven't had before (like finch's). Even with it being fairly busy it wasn't hard to get a beer from one of the bartenders. Lots of great beer on tap along with all of the expected raves, well, that's hopleaf for you. If you even consider yourself someone that loves beer, then this isn't just a place to go to, its a destinationI cannot even tell you how much I miss this place now that I live in NYC. When I made the big move to New York, I had imagined that NYC would be teeming with gastropubs with the same quality, cool vibe, and impressive beer list, but I am yet to find a place that even holds a candle to my dear Hopleaf.What I love about this place is that it'll satisfy a variety of food and drink moods you might be in. If you're in the mood for drinks and greasy bar food, you can get a great beer and snack on their delicious fries and aioli or their apple fritters. If you want a simple dinner, you can get a sandwich and fries-- the CB&J (a grilled sandwich with fig jam, cashew butter, and cheese) is my favorite. If you want a lighter meal, get the mussels (probably the best in the city). Or, if you're in the mood for something a little fancier, they always have several more constructed bistro-type items on the menu, like roast chicken, steak, a pan-seared fish, etc. Like others have said, the major downside to this place is that it's always packed. Be aware, though, that there is a large back room and 2nd floor with seating-- my parents had avoided coming here for a long time because they thought that the crowded bar in front was all there was. If you come before 6 on a weekday, you should be able to get a table without waiting much.Cool place, lots of yummy beers, and decent food.  My biggest gripe is the price... I got some sort of chunky beef stew - which was tasty - but too expensive for what it was.  I mean, I can open a can of Campbell's Chunky at home for $2.69!  ;)  I'm not hating, though... if people will pay it, charge it!  Just good common business sense.I MUST rave about the chopped salad I got as an appetizer, however... perfection!Ok, maybe it's not Hop Leaf's fault, but I am getting SO frustrated that I can't go here on the weekends anymore.  Hop Leaf is one of my favorite places on earth, but EVERY time we have tried to go during the past few months, the wait times have been just RIDICULOUS.  I don't want to go here on a weekday, I want to go on a Friday or Saturday.  And I can't.  And that makes me sad.I want everyone to experience the Hop Leaf love, but come on?  It's one of the best places in A-ville, but it's starting to lose my loyalty.  I don't want to have to carefully plan my visits as to avoid crowds, but it looks like that may be the only answer if I ever want to taste those fries again...I've always liked this place.  Go for beer and mussels, and also go to fantasize about this space being your own apartment.**Alas, I have to amend my post from 2005--I can no longer give Hopleaf 5 stars.  Yes, I know, blasphemy!  But the last 4 times (I keep notes) I've been here, it has been uncomfortably crowded and the wait for dinner ridiculous.  Too many people now know about this place, and it has lost some of its charm.  It's like Wrigleyville during baseball season.After I came back from my trip to Belgium, I thought I'd never be happy again.  Then I went to Hopleaf and my worries went away!  The beer list is one of the best in the city (if not the best), with a menu to match.  Unique offerings run the gamut: Saisons, Trappist, Abbey, Lambics, Rabbit, Smoked beef, Parsnips, Croquettes.  Just thinking about it makes me wish I were at Hopleaf right now!  But be forewarned, most of the menu does not come cheap, which is understandable as many of the beers are imports.Somehow we got lucky and a nice couple gave us there table as they were leaving at 6:30 on a Saturday night-and the place was packed.  Otherwise we might have just turned around and found someplace that wasn't swarming with people-Beers were awesome- I'm not a huge beer gal but I loved the lef blonde and the triple carmelite(sp?)  Both were quite tasty...and strong too!The mussels were delicious as were the frites-I'm a sucker for dipping frys in any kind of "aoili"(basically anykind of mayo with garlic and you can call it that:)And OH yeah! The escargot was phenomonal!  Buttery salty garlicky goodness!CB and J with mac n cheese? Quite a bit overated, it's a SANDWICH people- get over it!  Boyfriends monkfish was really good though...Conclusion: Love the loud fun place... Stick to app's and beer - you really won't even need an entree-everything is quite fillingYou really have to love an extremely popular (deservedly) restaurant/bar that will not accept reservations . . . they are a neighborhood bar, and want to keep it that way.  If you've never been to Hopleaf, it was probably recommended to you by a (very wise) friend.  Listen to that (very wise) friend!  Yes, Maproom has a good selection of beer.  Yes, many restaurants in Andersonville have excellent  food . . . but Hopleaf is really the perfect match of excellent food and beer without compromising either.  Where else can you find Belgian mustard beer AND green Polenta (most amazing polenta I've ever had) AND wild boar?  Nowhere else. . . oh yeah, and if you are looking to spend a great afternoon drinking beer and relaxing, they have some great reading materials to peruseSecond time visiting and man, oh man, what I missed the first time around! This place is huge, and I love all the space including the upstairs balcony & back patio. I dined this time on a double date. We waited no more than 5 minutes & were seated outside. I love the different ivy growing along the bordering buildings & the tall sunflowers enveloping a patio underneath a huge green patio umbrella. A lot of green and natural ambience. The evening was a bit chilly, but I didn't mind because the food, drinks & atmosphere was great. We ordered the sausage platter to begin. Three small pieces of different sausages with onions. To drink, I had a Rosa Hibiscus draft because they were out of Huitzi from 5 Rabbit Brewery (one of my favorites, and a Chicago based brewery.) Also sampled the Meantime Scotch Ale, Mort Subite, and Zombie Killer (awesome mead, gluten free brew.) Nice selection of beer & as my first review states, I had read about Hopleaf on some published best beer bar list. For the main course, I tried my date's steak with frites, a guilty pleasure. I was a bit hooked on the frites after dipping them in lemon horseradish, aioli, & herb butter. Steak was cooked medium, and although I normally like it medium rare, it was tender & delicious. I ordered the veggie dish, which was on the scamp side, but very flavorful & interesting. Tomato gnocchi, eggplant, and I can't remember the marmalade-like substance I dipped everything in. Scrambled together, it pleased my taste buds. Although I'd say these dishes aren't very plentiful, they are packed with quality ingredients & amazing flavors. A bit on the pricey side, but you're paying for presentation & something a bit different. We shared the flourless chocolate cake at the end, and it seriously melted in my mouth. So light, but so chocolatey. I was bummed when it was placed on the table, because the piece of cake was small, but it was just enough for four of us to have a few bites & really enjoy a little treat. I actually wish more restaurants lived by the smaller portion size, healthier options philosophy. I realized how many places give you plentiful amounts of food, but are probably packed with processed, unhealthy junk. This food seemed at least somewhat healthier & like I said, more qualitative. Great experience overall. I really want to return & sit inside next time, in the evening, over a few brews. Don't be afraid to ask for suggestions; I always do & usually ask for beer samples (a good bartender will be glad to let you try em.) I would also eat here again, although I hope the menu rotates or changes; not a whole lot on it.Love it as a bar.  So-so for a restaurant.  The wait staff here is absolutely excellent.  I had 3 beers tonight all picked out by my waitress and they were excellent!  (i'm having trouble typing correctly they were so excellent :)  i had the ham sandwich that everyone raves about and i liked it, but I don't think it was worth $10.  My husband had the beef brisket which was good as well, but not worth $12.  The couple next to us had the steak frites ($18) and it looked awfully rubbery.  However, the mussels (which we didn't have) looked excellent and the beer was devine.  We went on a monday night (date night for us) and the place was still packed, but in a good way, so i can imagine the craziness that may ensue on a weekend.  All in all, i like this place, but i may skip dinner next time and eat somewhere else in the neighborhood.I once gave Hopleaf four stars for their great selection of beers. After eating there on Wednesday I have to upgrade that rating to a full five stars.The CB&J is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Don't stop into Hopleaf without ordering it. Seriously. I've also had the Duck Reuben there which too is good.My previous suggestion stands however: please, PLEASE try at least one beer each time you stop in. Go out on a limb! If you are unsure, ask for a taste before you order, the folks there are really nice.This is my new favorite pub.  Better than the Paramount Room.  Best fish sandwich I ever had.  I will never crave a filet-o-fish from McDonald's again.  The garlic aioli?  More please. All the waitresses were wearing pretty dresses.  Fashion AND good food.  What more can you ask for?I returned with my dad, and had an incredibly amazing meal.  I had the "rabbit saddle"... or "saddle of rabbit".... or something like that.  I had never had rabbit before, and it was kind of strange, because it is an extremely light pink color that makes you feel as if you are eating something raw, and it is so incredibly soft it makes you feel as if you are eating a baby.  However it is also so incredibly delicious that I ate a lot of it.  Unfortunately I couldn't finish it because I couldn't get the image of eating a baby out of my head (it's THAT soft), so I let my dad have it and he died and went to heaven.  The mussels and aoli, again perfection.  Honey wine was amazing and the only one I've ever had.Chocolate torte with a tart strawberry sauce and incredible little tiny salted balls of dark chocolate - killed me.  Just killed me.  If I were you I'd avoid the sandwiches everyone raves about and go with a real meal, mussels, and a real dessert.  Sandwiches are just sandwiches after all.Is 40 GAZILLION a real number?  Cause I'm pretty sure they have that many beers on tap.   I was here for just a pint, but I could have easily spent my entire day here.  Chill atmosphere, with a beer selection fit for a beer queen.A friend and I popped in only 25 minutes after they opened on a sunday and it was packed. Standing room only. My only question is why did I have to wait til 4 on a sunday for a freaking fantastic beer?My guess is that I will be rating this a 5 once i get to sit down.The 4 is for the selection of american craft and imported beers and cool people to chill around with.I'm going to have to go with 5. I was so very happy and satisfied walking out of Hopleaf this past weekend. I think I loved it more than I otherwise would have because we went in very early and didn't have to wait 3 hours to sit down. This was my third attempt to eat at Hopleaf and both previous times I gave up and left. So here's what I had that made this trip so great, aside from a table:De Koninck beer - Which I later saw on the menu at Fat Cat which makes me hopeful that I'll now notice it around more often.CB&J - Holy amazing. I WILL recreate this at home, somehow.Mussels in a Thai curry sauce - Slurp-worthy.The beer is amazing. The bartenders are not. I am just branching out from the watery American classics that I enjoyed throughout my youth. I asked the bartender for a suggestion, but nothing too dark as I don't do stouts or porters. Now, the correct answer would be "oh-so you normally drink budweiser. Well XXXX beer is a step up, it's got a more complex flavor..blah, blah, blah."  Helpful, educational.The answer I received was: *ROLLING EYES* Ugh...(huff puff) You drink budweiser...(huff puff) *ROLLING EYES*.  He finally gave me a bottle of a delicious beer that I was very happy with. But I so didn't need the judgement.It's the reaction I would expect to get if I walked into an indie record shop and asked if I could get some Michael Bolton or Ace of Base Cds.Just too cool for school, these ones.After finally flagging down a bartender, I was served something strange and delicious.  I just pointed at the taps and hoped I hit something good.  It isn't hard to do, they have a wide and fancy selection.  After that I started asking the bartender for recommendations. He let me taste test and I was usually pleased.  It was packed though.  I was there with a crowd and we were tight in a corner area.  Also - the bathroom door was really heavy, so I stood outside for a while thinking it was occupied before I finally gave it a good shove in frustration.  Then things were good.  I would return.They have mead here.  They have Kwak here with the correct glass holder.  They have cool art on the walls. They never seem to care that I'm trying to order a drink, and they never seem to have food when I need it.  They never seem to have a seat either.  They're also really far away from Hyde Park.You see what I'm getting at: 5 star beer. 5 star atmosphere.  Everything else - not real great.  But you're here for beer anyway.  I can live with the rest.Great bar with an awesome selection of brews. Combined with a restaurant that takes up multiple levels which separates the bar and the restaurant. Good food offered at a decent price. The front bar is a nice cozy place to post up for a good session with friends.I'm not surprised this place is always on the Yelp! front page.  It's a happenin' place with more beers than you can count on your whole crew's fingers and toes.Good luck finding a seat in the front or the back, though.  Hopleaf is no secret to Andersonville hoodrats and those beyond.  If you're lucky enough to score a table in the back, grab a menu and get your hands on some of the fab grub.  I don't partake in the killing of sea life, but I hear the oysters are out of sight.I visited Hop Leaf for the first time before becoming obsessed with beer.  I was overwhelmed by a) the beer list and b) the crowds.I visited Hop Leaf a few times AFTER becoming obsessed with beer and was overwhelmed by a) the beer list (in a good way!!!) and b) the crowds. I was extremely underwhelmed by the food. Mussels were yummy, steak was pretty tough and disappointing.  Onion fries were melt-in-your-mouth sinful.  Can't remember exactly what friends ordered, but I remember not being impressed... and obviously what they had was unmemorable.  Maybe it's good "bar food".  Meh.I wish the *bar* of the Hop Leaf were in my backyard.  I would be there every night for a drink - it seems like such a great hang up front.  But, I guess I will have to settle for a trip to Binny's and hanging out on my front porch instead - which is not all that bad, and, I can make my own steak to go with it (and it'll probably taste a lot better).Hopleaf's beer selection alone is enough reason to go.  It's outstanding.  I'm also a fan of their food, though.The crowd is usually abundant, though quite tolerable. There's no better place in Chicago to tip back a pint.Lots and lots and lots of good beer.Lots and lots and lots of varieties of good beer.That is all.I plan on writing a second review for HopLeaf once I'm able to get in without a 1 1/2 wait at 6 p.m. on a Saturday night, but my initial visit turned a fan out of me.  Most of those I've spoken to who have been here, speak very highly of the mussels, of which I am sure to try next time.  The space is nice and surprisingly quite large with a front area, back area, and upstairs, with each section commanding it's own bar.  The beer selection is tremedously intimidating and is a stiff competitor to MapRoom, but with the added benefit of a full menu.  The crowd was lively yet laid back with a good mix of age groups. Only con is that it's a pretty far drive from the downtown area.Dogsitting for the weekend in sweltering Chicago meant I would need to cool down with a beer. I'm proud to say that I picked the Hopleaf Bar from among the smattering of "beer bars" in Edgewater and Andersonville. Great atmosphere in the bar was topped by its awesome beer selection.As my cool down beer turned into several, my pal and I kept on ordering because the selection was varied, exciting, and well priced. We were both introduced to several fresh beers and didn't even touch the bottle list. These people know good beer and serve it properly, glassware, temperatures, and portions were all well received.I didn't try their food this time will update asap.In retrospect I was happy with my experience at Hopleaf (and I'm not denying the fact that I was quite jolly as I left). I can't wait to dog-sit again and take a nice long break!This place is great. I'm so glad they expanded this place. The beer selection is fabulous and the food is great too. I would suggest this for a date night, friends putting or just on your own.Hopleaf is one of my fave restaurants in the city.Some of the best mussels, belgium fries and a nueske ham sandwich that prob would feed a family of 7 but I always try and eat the whole thing myself because its so freaking good.I don't even drink beer (I am allergic to the brewers yeast) and I still love this place. The food is outstanding! But since Check Please, I haven't been able to go because there is always such a long wait. Damn you check please!Super delicious place every time I come! Can't NOT have a good time with their extensive beer list and the incredible food. My favorites are the mussles (beligian style of course!), charcuterie trio (get the duck breast prosciutto!!!! you won't regret it) pomme frites, and duck reuben. I haven't had anything not good from here and can't wait to come back to try the entire menu!I like how there's a few different levels- tables/booths/bar seating right when you enter, or go up the ramp for more tables, or up the stairs for crazy window booths and tables.Huuuuge beer selection, I tried several and loved them all, from blondes to ambers to something super duper dark (not sure what those are called...hehe). And not too expensive. 5 bucks for a pint of great beer works for me.Perfect for before/after a show at the Neo Futurists theatre, as it's right around the corner. I'd go back!Awesome place with an enormous selection of beers including lots of Belgians. Despite being pretty packed downstairs on a Friday night, there was plenty of room available on the mezzanine floor. The upstairs bar does have a more limited selection however so it'd be wise to grab drinks from downstairs then to take it up with you.I've been to Hopleaf twice now. After my first visit I would've given it a 5+, but my second experience wasn't as great, so the net is four stars. Still good and I will definitely go back, but I'm just being honest. Here's the breakdown:Visit #1: Went with two friends as part of a night celebrating the fact I got a new job...finally. It was a Monday night, so not super crowded, but there was a wait of 20 minutes or so. We sat out in the back beer garden, which is just a great spot. I had several delicious, strong beers (yesssss) and tried mussels for the first time ever in my life. The mussels had me hooked. The service was attentive and I was in love.Visit #2: My BFF from Michigan was in town and I wanted to impress her, so my friend and I took her to Hopleaf. I was espousing the wonders of the mussels, and she informed me she doesn't eat mussels. I had faith the rest of the food was awesome. I got the mussels, as planned, and they didn't taste AS good as before. Something was a bit off. Less seasoning or something. Still good, but hm... My BFF got a ham sandwich that she did NOT like. She said it tasted funny. I didn't try it, so I can't vouch for that. My guy friend got the trout and had no complaints.The rub with the second visit, beyond the food being "off" was the service. I know it was a Sunday night over Labor Day weekend and they were packed. But it was still a bit annoying when two tables, with as many or more people, were seated after us, ordered after us, but got their food before us. Mussels and all. Our dinner, not including the wait time in the bar, took almost three hours. Luckily my company was awesome, and the beer filled my belly, but if I was hungry I would've been pretty ticked off.All that being said, I'm 99.9% sure I will go back in the future.Went for the extensive selection of Belgian ales, stayed for the exceptional moules frites. Everything you need for a fun night with friends - high energy room, good service, great food, and one of the best collections of domestic microbrews and Belgian beer anywhere.Hopleaf was one of the main reasons I moved to this neighborhood. It has a fantastic beer selection and the food is perfect. They know exactly what they are doing. Get the mussels for sure. The pommes frites that come with just about everything are so freakin good. They come with this special aioli dipping sauce that I am pretty sure is laced with crack.Yeah, it's busy just about every night and especially the weekends, but it's worth it. So grab a beer and settle in for what always ends up being a great night.Used to be awesome, but now has terrible service, rude management, and awful food. There are so many great places in Chicago. Skip this.Five Star Food: Potato Croquetes, Mac and Cheese, Squash Wellington, Mussels, all outstanding. Five Star Atmosphere: Loud bar at the front for rowdy nights, intimate dining sections for a date.SIX Star Alcohol Selection: Weekly rotating beer menus, many rare/hard-to-find items on draft, wines on tap.3.5 Star Service: Consistently through the over-a-dozen times I've been here, has been bad. I would have rated this lower, but there are a few good servers. Otherwise, I've been neglected innumerable times and subjected to a few of the arrogant servers. Maybe because I'm not the 50-year old buying 4 bottles of wine is the reason I can't get good service while having a few beers and small plates. Frustrating.Overall: Service is enough to drop a whole star, but the food and drinks are insanely good.After hearing all my friends rave about hop leaf, I finally made it here to try the mussels. I was highly disappointed. The mussels were teeny tiny and the broth needed more salt. They were definitely not the best mussels I have ever had. However, the fries and aioli were addictive and the mac and cheese was pretty good as well. I loved the crunch crust it had and the blue cheese was not over powering.I live in New York City but I'm a native Chicagoan. Whenever I come back home to visit my parents who live in Glenview, I make the trek into the city just to go to Hopleaf. The beer selection is excellent (be careful about not just the # of drinks you have but the alcohol content of some of the Belgians if you're driving... I was like, "yeah, I can handle three beers and still drive. no problem." but then I forgot some of those Belgian beers are twice as strong as your typical beer).I always get the mussels. They're a great deal. I also love the atmosphere--casual, fun, unpretentious.This place is #1. Ignore all the negative reviews, where else can you find so much top shelf high gravity Belgian goodness in one place? When all the taps are French, of course it's going to be a snooty beer snob place! But give it a chance, the servers are helpful if you need some guidance. France has wine regions, Belgium. . .beer regions. You will not regret it, and you may never look back. Recommendations on tap in no particular order: Ommegang Hennepin - Domestic, amazing. Reason to visit Cooperstown, NY.Unibrou Maudite-  Tres BienDelirium Tremens - The name says it all.Leffe- any variety Enjoy with a side of frites!It's pretty simple. I could say a million things about how wonderful this place is, but I can also say it in a short few. Amazing food. Wonderful selection of beer. Yes, most of the beer here is pricey. If you want Bud Light, go to Bar Louie. The servers can be a little cocky, but just give it right back to them as if you know exactly what you're ordering, and they'll leave you alone. The only sad thing for me is that, being on the south side, this takes f-o-r-e-v-e-r to get to - but always well worth the trip!I hear a lot of people bitching and moaning about how crowded this place gets.  Yes, it is mega packed downstairs, but once you go upstairs it's a lot more comfortable.  I've been lucky a time or two to score a table downstairs, but end up going up stairs because it's much better.  I also dig the music they play.  I usually hear old rockabilly music when I go upstairs.After hearing people rant and rave about their mussels, I have tried them.  They are ok. I'm not a fan of mussels, but I tried them.   They do have rather large beer selection.  It might take you a while to get it.  Grab the bartenders attention and they'll get to you a bit quicker.  Just don't be some crab ass towards them as they try get to everyone as soon as they can.  Hoplead, I give you four "cheers to you" on the "cheers to you scale."Of all the places I miss now that I no longer live in Chicago, this place is #1. The atmosphere here is so fun, the food is delectable, and the beers are... well, to describe each one would be hard, but let's just say it's worth sticking around to try them all.Bartenders are great even though their job is so stressful. Service is pretty fast even during the busiest nights.The worst thing about this place is really just its popularity... it can be difficult to get a seat! But it's worth the wait.Nice bar. Excellent server with perfect diction and skin (not that it mattered).Ordered the CJ sandwich, which is served with Mac n' cheese and homemade chips (awesome). Tried 3 beers, cannot remember all of the names, but the Delirium was su-per. Crowded place. Took a lonnnnng time to et our food, but worth it, if you have the time.Perfect for friends or a date.The beer selections is really great, I don't think it surpasses quenchers.polenta delicious. Mac and cheese brought me back to 3rd grade. yum.Server was a ok....You don't have to be nice to me...but i appreciate it! =)Excellent selection of beers, especially lambic.  They had some lambic that wasn't the usual Lindemans brand, which I thought was pretty cool.  Tried the brisket as well.  Great tasting beef, with flavorful mac and cheese to go with it.  If you go with a group, they don't do separate checks, so be prepared.I'm going to keep it simple...Mussels + Belgium* beer = YUM^2* Yes, some are "Belgium style" beers, but I never knew how good some of these brews could be. Don't miss this place.Hopleaf: One of the great beer bars in Chicago, hands down.  Just when you see the beer menu and say, "Whoa, this place is going all Map Room!" your eyeballs then glance over the food menu and Hopleaf blows the doors right off!!  There are tons of reviews up here, extolling the virtues of Hopleaf, but the food.  Holy shiz!  CB&J - Cashew butter and cherry fig jelly sandwich. Served with STILTON Mac and Cheese.  Whaaa??  Mind: blown.  Also, the duck reuben with homemade sauerkraut, served w/ a mayo aioli for dipping your frittes.  Drooool.  It's a bit different from your regular reuben in that the sodium content is a little lower.  This is both good and bad.  Good because it's different and excellent tasting; bad cause salt is excellent tasting.  Hopleaf, what a conundrum you've created.  We didn't really get as far as dessert, but we didn't need to.  Our meals were filling enough.  Also, that back dining room is really cool.  High ceilings, exposed bricks, a view out into the back patio, and mezzanine level were all definitely a surprise -- nothing you'd guess was in the bar upon seeing it from the outside.  I'll definitely go back.Oh beacon of light in a night where there was no hope. Halloween night in Chicago - stopped by a few restaurants, people were very rude and we took a cab to your glowing door. Got a great table and with beer in hand we relaxed and ate. It was just great. We had the cheese plate, brisket sandwich, and the CB&J - cashew butter, fig jam and j for some kind of cheese, toasted. tasty. the brisket was good - a bit dry for my taste but my other half very much enjoyed it.Thanks for a great meal!This place was cool, definitely cool.As you walk in, you wouldn't think this would be that amazing of a place. The ambience is alright (picture a semi sports bar), a crowded area, barely any place to sit. My friend and I happened to walk in at the right time, as two people were leaving from the bar- after we sat down, we learned that the wait to actually sit in the dining area was 1.5 hours.Hopleaf is known for its beers. Lots of beers- but more specifically, Belgian beers. As I am one of the few females out of my large group of friends who actually like beer, I told my friend that I wanted to go somewhere unique, somewhere that can only be found in Chicago. He recommended Hopleaf.First, I started out with the Oud Beersel. It wasn't too heavy and was pretty sweet- had more of a berry taste, and I just liked it overall. My friend started out with the famous Delirious Tremens (every other person seemed to be getting this), and that was a lighter beer, but that was good as well. Later on, I got the Leffe Blond- which wasn't as fruity, but definitely light and refreshing- reminded me of nature, for some reason. My friend got the Chimay beer- something made by a monk- but it was dark, sweet, and man, I liked it.Additionally, we got the mussels- where the flavor was REALLY good. We also got some frites- which was just the right amount of potato-ness with a great dipping sauce (kind of a zesty mayo)?The wait staff... was slow. We kept trying to get their attention, but they kept ignoring us sitting at the bar- maybe because we were small? but still, ignoring us, or kept trying to take away our plate. Not rude, just.. the wait staff could have been better.Definitely crowded. Not super loud though- my friend and I were still able to hold a conversation. People were asking for us for our seats though... Nonetheless, I wish I could have tried the food, but definitely a cool place to eat and chill. Good drinks, good food, good friends= my kind of place to be.If I had to go to any bar on any given night, Hopleaf would be my number one choice. Besides the fabulous selection of import beers where I was introduced to and fell in love with Delirium Tremens (goblet of Belgian, strong blonde ale with excellent balance of sweet & dry for $7), it's also a great place to catch up with old friends. Yes, it's a small place, but there's difference between small & crowded versus small & intimate. Definitely the latter. A great place with the perfect ambiance for interventions and political debates...or even just to exchange day-to-day adventures.My friend tried the Mead the last time I was there, which they serve in double-shot glass. I tried it...and wanted to throw up. It wasn't really my style. Extremely thick with a really strong cinnamon flavor. But I did enjoy the fact that they offered it! Scored me 2 personal adventure points for trying.  Another time I tried the CB&J (house-made cashew butter, fig jam & morbier cheese on super-buttery, pan-fried, sour-dough bread) which was served with Stilton mac & cheese and house-made potato chips. The sandwich, was interesting. I loved every ingredient inside of it...I just wasn't sure if I liked them all together. It was too confusing, I practically had to stuff down the half I was eating. The mac & cheese was a little too bland, and potato chips were too salty. I'm still not very sure if I enjoyed that $10 meal, but I loved the fact I had the guts to try it.Definitely a place to be when you want to try new things. As Patricia Alexander once said: "Fear paralyzes. Curiosity empowers. Be more interested than afraid." .So if you'd like to get in for dinner at a decent hour on a Saturday, you'd better get there at like 4:00 and put your name on the list because they dont take reservations. We got there at 6:30 and didnt get our table until after 8pm! I cant fault the place, it only means it's just THAT GOOD! And it was...The bar upstairs is cash only. it's really the best place to wait for a table because it's warmer in the winter and there is less moving around so you dont spill your beer. Try one of the million beers they offer including the Guiness Pub Can. I was so excited to find the pub can at a bar. Most places only have draft Guinness but once you've had the real thing in Ireland, all draft Guiness in the USA is really gross...except for the can. I never thought I'd be drinking canned beer outside of WI...sorry folks. For dinner I had the Brisket sandwich on sourdough bread. It came with fries which I was able to substitute a salad. YAY! I love love loved my sandwich but I think if I ordered the brisket platter of stictly meat (it comes with mac and cheese) I would have been disappointed. The bread, brisket, and horseradish work well together but the meat doesnt stand well on it's own. It was also very fatty. If you dont want a mouthful of bread and fat, cut it off before you take a bite.Went on a Friday night and the front bar was crowded as heck, the dining area totally full but the upstairs bar thankfully pretty empty.We put our name in for three and waited upstairs but thankfully, considering how jam-packed the place was, we did not have to wait long. The upstairs bar is cash and bottles only, which was sort of a bummer, but no big deal.It is a little pricy but the food and beer is amazing. I ordered the Montreal-style Brisket sandwich which was absolutely delicious. I have never had such tender, succulent piece of brisket before, generously piled on sourdough with a spicy mustard to contrast. The fries and aoli mayo served on the side are perfect. I chose the Tripel Karmeliet as my beer to accompany my meal and it was marvelous.My friend ordered the Duck Ruben and a Delirium Tremens and loved it, while my other friend tried to go the cheaper and healthier route by ordering the Red Cabbage salad and side of fries, both of which she thoroughly enjoyed, and the cheapest beer in the bar which I cannot for the life of me remember the name of, but it was only 3.50. This restaurant is really lovely, the lighting and atmosphere perfect. We were lucky enough to be seated near their fireplace. Must go back to sample a different beer, there are so many to choose from it's hard to decide!Hopleaf is so many things. It's a stumble-into-on-a-Sunday-and-have-mussels-for-two type of place. It's divey. It's packed on the weekends. It's the best beer list in the city. It's we-got-a-table-let's-sit-and-drink-and-tell-­stories-and-forget-the-time !!!!!! gastropub. It's delicious (CB&J?! Nothing better And those mussels and frites?! Mmmmm.) It's laid back. It's dark and not too loud to hold conversations. Yes, if you go on a Friday or Saturday evening - it will be so jammed with people, it might be a turnoff. But if you happen to snag a table and tuck in for a night of beer - it'll be one of the best nights you've had. Whether it's the atmosphere, the elated feeling of getting said table or the 9% alcohol in your craft beer - it's all worth soaking up.Oh, Hopleaf, how I love thee. Let me count the ways:1. Beer. My, oh my. It's very hard to find a better selection of amazing brews in the entire city. They do their name proud. Delirium Tremens on tap? Enough said. "I'll just have one..." I tell myself far too many times.2. Mussels. A-mazing. Frites? Ditto. Overall, just great food. One of the first 'gastropubs' on the scene and putting the following poseurs to shame.3. Ambiance. Overall, you couldn't find a cooler spot on the old Andersonville strip if your name was Lars Hunterlaarickson (ok, maybe, but only then). I love sneaking past the downstairs crowds to go upstairs and hang out. The old French beer ads are a particular fancy of mine. Guten stuffen!4. Drawbacks? Very very few. The scene can get, well, crowded. The bartenders can be a bit snooty (can you blame them with all that beer?). Small prices to pay for an outstanding spot.5. Beer. Wait, I said that? Scheisse. Oh, well. Worth mentioning twice. Speaking of which......running down the hall, door slams. Le Fin.The first thing I ever heard about this place was how amazing their beer selection was. And seriously, it's amazing. But I will get to that later.I came here with 9 or so other friends. We were celebrating a friend's birthday, and we had to wait until 8 of us had gotten there to be seated. When we were up to 7 people, they let us sit down anyway, which was nice. The wait staff was very accommodating and very friendly, so that was an immediate plus. Here's what we ordered:-2 orders of CB&J (cheese, cashew butter, and fig jam on sourdough served with chips and mac&cheese)-2 orders of the brisket sandwich (served with fries and mac&cheese)-brisket platter (served with mac&cheese and cole slaw)-3 orders of mussels (served with pomme frites)-onion rings-baked beans & house salad-tilapia sandwich-soup of the day (which was gazpacho)I ordered a CB&J and it was a taste I had never tasted before. The sandwich itself was perfectly crisp, and the cashew butter was insanely nutty and good. The fig jam is what made the sandwich, and I am ambivalent about the cheese. The mac&cheese was great, and the chips were okay, too. As for the beers, we all ordered a smorgasbord of beers, and I don't even remember the names of half of them. A lot of them were stouts, and I think someone might have ordered lambic. They have so many beers on tap and so many more in bottles. They have a lot of Goose Island beers, Bell's beers... even more rare beers and beers with insanely high alcohol content. If you want Miller Lite, go elsewhere. I had a half pint of Sierra Nevada's XXX 30th anniversary special and it was super hoppy and really great. The atmosphere is good, and they have outdoor seating. We didn't have to wait too long for a table because we were the only huge group dining in, but the wait times for smaller tables could have been long. It is hard to tell. But I think the best rule is to go early. 4 stars because I am saving that last star for the Duck Reuben and also because this place is a bit of a trek.So....there's no denying that Hopleaf has a killer beer selection, but all this hype about the food-meh.I've tried the Brisket Sandwich and Steak Frites-totally unimpressive and wouldn't order again.  I tried the CB&J because of the all the positive reviews on here, but all I tasted was butter and cheese-I saw the cashew butter and fig jam in there but all I tasted was an overly greasy grilled cheese.  Seriously, I think there was a whole stick of butter on each side of that bread.  The mac 'n cheese and homemade potato chips were nothing to write home about either.  In the midst of all this mediocrity, the frites with garlic aioli are awesome-salty, part crispy/part greasy, shoestring fries with a tasty dipping sauce-so bad but so good!In short, go for the amazing beer selection and a side of fries and you will be more than content!Awesome bar.  Great food.  Had the duck reuben, wasn't greasy like most reubens are.  Tasty.One of the best beer selections around.  Most are local.  All are amazing.  Will definitely return.  A beer drinker's bar.Holy moley, this place was delish!  Not only do they have Lindemans Framboise (yay!), but the food is amazing!  Our recommendations:Stew: Duck Reuben on marble rye; Peking duck breast, slow-roasted, with cranberry cream cheese spread, house-made sauerkraut, emmenthaler, pommes frites.Laura:  Organic Montreal-Style Brisket on rye; Montreal rub, slow roasted, briefly smoked; with house-made dill pickle (the pickle being the only disappointment) & frites.Dan:  Toasted Nueske Ham on pumpernickel; gruyere cheese & apple-tarragon coleslaw; pommes fritesThe frites came with a garlic aioli that was so good, you'd almost slap your momma.  Almost.I'm not sure if I need to review Hopleaf...afterall, they already have 800+ reviews!  However, I'm not one to shy away from providing my thoughts, so, what the heck...I visited Hopleaf at approximately 9pm for dinner on a Saturday night.  We were told that it would be about 30-45 minutes before we could be seated, and, while I wasn't timing it, I am pretty sure it was about 20 minutes, max.  Before dinner, we sat at the upstairs bar area.  It's a small spot, but I really liked the atmosphere.  While this is definitely a beer bar, they did have some nice wine selections as well.We were seated downstairs - in the back along the windows.  While I could have done without the slight draft from the window (it is winter, so I won't complain!), I thought the spot was great.  The fun beer signs and exposed brick make for a casual atmosphere, but a fun one.  The tables are separated enough so that you don't feel crowded (and luckily, are far enough apart so that when I dropped a glass, it didn't fall onto the next table!...so embarrassing!).  The food was wonderful.  We started with the mussels (for 1 - definitely enough for 2 people!) with the chorizo.  Delicious!  I could have used a bit more bread to sop up all of the delicious-ness at the bottom of the bowl.  I had the CB&J - YUM, YUM, YUM.  I could eat this again and again.  However, I could barely finish my plate after the mussels and fries!  I thought the mac and cheese accompanyment was good, but mine was a bit salty on the crust.  I also tasted the brisket entree - very good, but definitely more of a meal for St. Patty's day.  All of the other entrees that were floating around being served to other tables looked delicious as well.  I wanted to try almost everything on the menu.  Everything was great - I would definitely visit again - perhaps knowing that I can order less food and still be stuffed!Overrated? Or is there something wrong with me? I feel as if everyone I know raves about the Hopleaf, so I may have been overcritical. I was also incredibly hungry by the time we sat, so I was not in the best of moods. I'm one of those people. That points to my issue with the long wait. I expected to wait, after having heard and read about the place, but the hostess definitely underestimated it. I usually expect when places are used to long waits, they can at least provide an accurate wait time.Getting over the wait (spent enjoying a beer or two on the wooden benches and tables upstairs), the food was very good. Less than superexcited about the mac and cheese, but brisket was tender and tasty. They definitely have a good beer selection, but I think it might be comparable to other places, dare I say that? I'll check it out again but have a snack beforehand. Oh! A friend tried to join for dinner who was underage - we thought that'd be okay in the dining room - but no siree. Just an issue that's probably not common but worth noting.Hopleaf is legendary.  I'm just upset that all the years when I lived near Andersonville, hung out there and ate in many of the places there, I didn't get my ass over to Hopleaf until now! WTF was I thinking? Anyway, yesterday brought a rare moment of happiness as I had a most awesome DUCK reuben along with an incredible glass of Dark Horse Blueberry Stout after chatting up the owner and friendly bartenders on St. Paddy's Day.The reuben is a slow-roasted Pekin duck with cranberry sauce, house-made sauerkraut, emmenthaler cheese on toasted marble rye.  Honestly, I can't recall having duck this tender in a very long time.  You can tell someone spent a fair bit of time putting together this masterpiece of a rich sandwich.They are respected for their extensive beers, but I had no idea that Hopleaf had so much duck on the menu and look forward to putting it all to the test.--Update: went back the next day to try the duck meatballs. Wasn't impressed. The meat tasted like a so-so blend of turkey and soy.  Would never have guessed that it was duck as there was nothing gamey tasting present. There was a bit of hot spice there, but something was missing. The risotto cake was nice.  Would be nice if they somehow incorporated the sauce comes with the fries into this dish for a bit more zest. However, I sat next to and met Julie who ordered the CB&J and she said it was excellent. Sean ordered the mussels and they were quite tasty, seasoned well with garlic. They are some of the meatiest mussels I've had served. They were very generous with the serving amount also.They do have a ton of beer here so if that's your thing, you need to go here.Personally, I think beer snobs are worse than wine snobs and one of the bartenders was particularly lame.  Am I supposed to be knowledgeable about every beer that every country makes?!?! Our waitress was eh...not very enthused but I wouldn't be either considering it is so crowded there.  However, we're still tipping you so maybe come around a lil more often.Let's talk about the food. The mussells were great! My steak was not. It was huge but the texture was terrible and not seasoned well.  It's a great place to go to hang with friends and try new beers but expect a wait and maybe a bit of an attitude.Mmmmmm, mmmmm good!Tried Hopleaf last night with hubby and 2 friends and we were all super happy with everything. Service was great, both the waitress and the busboys were extremely attentive and friendly. Great selection of beers and other drinks, hubby tried the Kwak and loved it, I ordered the Blueberry Mead and it was good but my friends Polish Mead was even better. Also tried the Lamboise and it was pretty good, nice raspberry flavor with a little sour flavor.On to the best part, the foooooddd!!Friends ordered the Mussels for 2 can't remember the name but they were not the Curry ones. They were great and I don't even like mussels and the frites had a nice garlicky taste to them. Also ordered the duck reuben, fantastic, spring vegetable soup, very fresh tasting. Hubby ordered the brisket, it was good but both of us were not sold on the curry flavor to it. I ordered the German potato salad as a starter, good golly Miss Molly that was good and the CB+J, whoever thought of this is a genius, delicious melty cheese, sweet fig jam and the nuttyness of the Cashew Butter along with the crisp buttery bread is an awesome combo!!!Overall great place and we definitely will be back! Note, go early cause we waited about 10 mins or so at 5:30pm and when we left at 7:30pm the place was absolutely packed!This is one of those places that gets hyped up hard...and for good reason. But a problem comes with that - its always too damn busy. I dont want to wait an hour plus to get dinner.The solution? creep in the front bar area for a little bit and snipe a table as soon as a group leaves. No guarantee that you wont wait long...but I have been lucky. In reality though the real real solution is so just to go a different bar that has just as good food and beer but with little to no wait...like Smallbar.On top of the long wait they have some weird rules... your entire party has to be there before they put you on the list. Im sorry but thats bullshit. Another issue is the upstairs bar is cash only.So food and beer... its definitely great! They have a huge variety of belgians on tap (mmm tremens). For the food I havent tried much because I always get the belgian style mussels. They are too damn good not to. They come with these perfect fried and salted frites (fries) and dipping sauce that is pretty much liquid crack.LargeList ofBeers but theyWere out of myFirst two picks. Delicious fries and mussels.I was so excited that I got the chance to go to this bar during my recent trip to Chicago.  My sister-in-law lives just a couple of blocks away, and we walked past this bar a few times during the day - and it was constantly packed!!  But, I was happy to be in midst of all the action later on that evening, drinking my delicious Delerium - which they have on-tap!!! We eventually event found a table downstairs, and the most delicious dark, malty, chocolate-y stout found its way into my hand.  This made me a happy girl.  Can't wait to go back!Even if I did drink beer, I would not enjoy this place. There are a few different rooms/bars/outdoor areas. All of these areas are cramped and dirty. The bathrooms just as much. Way, way, way over-rated.Here was my night - bus 50 to Foster and Clark after a long Friday at work. A fantastic ale who's name I'll never remember. Mac & Cheese (pretty good). Sandwich (bougie and greasy). And Mussels.MUSSELS. If you like Mussels, get the damn Mussels. I ordered a large appetizer for the table. My girlfriend didn't hear me and ordered a small one for her entree. Finishing both was not a problem.More great beer.Then, a play : TMLMTBGB at neofuturists.orgVery close to Hopleaf, funny yet serious, spontaneous, yet preconceived, goofy. Quite goofy. Awesome Friday night.Caveat - the wait can be long at Hopleaf, but they have bar upstairs with plenty of space. Drink for that hour and it'll take 15 minutes.Food is delicious. Bigger than the ambiance. Excellent craft brew list. The mussels are definitely good, as is the CB&J, which was probably my favorite and most innovative dish of the evening.I really liked the craft brew list, and the restaurant has that neighborhood bar kind of feel to it. Some place to come back to if you're in the neighborhood.Great selection and very large space across three floors! I only tried about 11 beers among all of us and no food, but certainly a place to return to on another less crowded night! The variety of beer was great! And now I want to come back for more..!AWESOME beer selection! Unfortunately, I got the mussels and was not impressed. I will be back to try the mac and cheese though! And to try their other amazing beers they have!Solid. They have a great mix of beers on tap and they know their stuff. The wait staff have always been really helpful. I will say it's a huge pain to get into and the location for me makes it even trickier (I went in the winter though, still gotto try that beer garden), but it was definitely worth it. Their clams were also sooooo good and made a great snack to nibble on while drinkin some delicious beer.The food was great, but actually nothing amazing, for me. My friend was vegan and couldn't really find anything she was into. I, myself, don't really like red meat and it severely limited my options. But it was all around ok.We have been to hop leaf more times than we can count. Since expanding, the food and experience have not been quite the same. I have probably eaten 20 cb&j's and it used to be my favorite thing on the menu. I would tell people to go to Hop Leaf just to try it! The last few times I have been to Hop Leaf, it has gotten progressively worse. I felt like I was eating bread soaked in flavorless oil. A friend of mine had never been, and I highly recommended it. I was embarrassed when she barely touched it. At the end of our meal neither of us ate even half of our sandwich and the waitress never came to check on us. After the table was bussed we mentioned that we were dissapoined with the sandwiches and she told us we should have told her sooner. (We would have if she would have stopped long enough to look us in the eye and ask what we thought.)In the end she did offer to take them off of the bill. We love the beer selection and used to be HUGE fans of the food. Now it seems less special and I probably won't recommend it for food in the future. Thank you to the waitress for comping the food. I guess all good things must come to an end.Hopleaf, regardless of the crowd, never fails to please. With their beer selection & features, you could go everyday and never run out of new options.I love to get any of their Goose Islands on tap, or anything special/new rotating through. I have eaten at the bar, at the little chair rail on the side of the bar, on the patio, in the back room...anyplace is good. Don't be discouraged that there is no place to sit...grab a brew and hang out!Food wise...HELLO. French fries (ya'll know I am a french fry freak). They come with a really good Garlic Aoli that will have you wanting more right after you're done.My favorite food to order is the Mussels...they COME with a full order of fries. Get the original (the Thai ones are SPICY!) and just enjoy.The bar was really great. It had tons of hard to find beers and the bartenders were very friendly. I found my favorite beer, (3 fonteinen oude geuze golden blend) at this bar. I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good craft beers. I didn't get to try the food but it did look pretty tasty. I will definitely be going back.Friday Night, 8pm. "Table for 4, please""That'll be 2 hours"*eeek*. I hate waiting for tables, and two hours??!??! At first I was flabbergasted, but surprisingly the wait wasn't that long at all, with their wide selection of wonderful beers. So finally we got to our table, and the food was awesome. I initially wanted to come here, after finding out about their moules frites (which I loved at Leon's in Paris. I've never been to Belgium, but I'm sure they make some killer moules frites as well). The mussels, were good with a nice white wine base, but their FRIES and AIOLI sauce were amazing. We were contemplating ordering another order of fries, but were already too full by the end of the meal. The Flemish stew was also delicious but the red wine a bit too heavy for my tastes. If you get anything out of this review, get the FRIES.The atmosphere was casual and fun. The beers were great and unique tasting and refreshing. The food was delcious. What more can you ask for?I love this place but it's typically way to packed whenever I've tried to stop by. Sometimes it gets so bad, that it's 3 to 4 people thick by the bar.  The one time that I was successful in staying there was when I went in the afternoon after it opened. There were several other nice regulars at the bar as well, already, and the place had a nice, friendly vibe.The beer selection is just awesome.I've been here a few times, and always had a pretty good experience; I have to believe that Amanda B.'s nightmare of a time was an exception and not the norm.I first came to this place because I heard they had a good beer selection, and on that count they definitely do not disappoint. They have an extensive selection of beers on draft and in bottles, with an emphasis on Belgian and Belgian-style beers. I've consumed my fair share of beers from around the world, but I don't think I've even heard of half of the beers on their list.The food is also spectacular. They don't have much seating in the dining areas, so waits are usually pretty brutal. Get there early to minimize your wait. As many others have mentioned, the CB&J sandwich is practically life-changing. It's my favorite item that they have on a regular basis, but many of their other items are also fantastic. The Stilton mac & cheese is quite good if you like blue cheese. I also have once had a lamb stew that was cooked in Brother Thelonious beer - this was unbelievably delicious, and it really hit the spot in the middle of winter. Hopefully, they keep this recipe around. The only food item I didn't enjoy was the steak (why did I get a steak and frites at a Belgian bistro-style place? I have no idea) which was overdone.I love it when a bar has a longer beer menu that food menu - they clearly have their priorities straight. Thus my love of the Map Room, and my slightly less, but still strong love for The Hopleaf. Their beer menu is the stuff dreams are made of - if you can't find a good beer here, you clearly don't like beer. During a recent visit, I tried the Tyranena Rocky's Revenge, but the reason I love this place so much is that it is the ONLY bar I've found in the city of Chicago to offer the Lost Abbey Angel's Share, my absolute favorite beer of all time. That's reason enough to return. When I come back however, I'm probably not going to opt for dinner to accompany my drinking. This place is a bar, and it seems like they're shooting for the stars with a menu that is a bit too grey poupon to match the ambience of the place. While their efforts are well intentioned, the food is mostly subpar. I had the cauliflower salad (pretty good), and the duck (eeeeeehhhh) when I was there. Guess we should have tried the mussels because I'm heard good things, but alas, we did not. It just felt like they were trying too hard - give me some pub food and let me focus on my beer - I don't think that's too much to ask.I'm not that big of a beer drinker, but I sure do like to go to HopLeaf for there amazing selection of beers. It doesn't matter if you prefer wheats, ales, porters or whatever, then HopLeaf with have it. All the drinks come in speific glasses as well as a great taste. The bar is convinently located near the Foster 92 Bus and the Clark 22 Bus intersection in Andersonville. There's both a front bar area with bar seating and table seating as well as a back dinning area. Get there early or prepare to wait for some time. I would suggest eating the bucket of mussels. I hate mussels that are not fresh. Hopleaf has the freshest mussels that I have found in Chicago's reasonable priced restaurants. Now, I want to go back and have them again. Lol. So, enjoy your time at Hopleaf and above all. Have Fun!!!Welp let me say I ate here with Sean D.I will echo his eliquent statement regarding the food: "HAM SANDWICH=SECKS in MOUTH DUCK REUBEN=SECKs IN MOUTH."We ordered both and each had half of each.I didn't realize a ham sandwich could be so good. SECKS IN MOUTH is right Sean. (the good kind of secks that is, the kind you actually want in mouth)The beer selection was pretty great. All served in the proper glassware bearing the respective brewery's emblems.They had some uncommon stuff but nothing I'd call extremely rare.I wish the place was a little larger, or that at least the bar was. There really aren't many spots, luckily we snagged a pair of them for our dinner.Its definitely a good place to hit if you are a craft beer lover.Thumbs up: beer selectionThumbs up: CURRY MUSSELS the best in the country. There, I said it!Thumbs down: food menu selections do not change frequently and are pretty limitedThumbs down: the wait for a table...Thumbs up: the bartender will always pour you another while you wait!Excellent beer draught beer selection! Sometimes the bottles just aren't cold enough and it's more refreshing to have an ice cold draught beer, having a wide selection is always a plus.Excellent atmosphere, great place to just chill and toss back a few, maybe taste some new brews you haven't tried before.I came here for my friends bday and this was my first time coming here. I was surprised with the beer selection list as it was huge. If you and your friends are down to try new beer, this is the place to come! Honestly, I never heard of more than half of the beer selection here before, but I enjoyed my Belgian beers I have ordered. I just wanted to try something new. I didn't order any food, but when I ate what was left, it was amazing! The only thing about this place is that it has no TV. I understand that this isn't that kind of bar, but seriously lol? At least have 1 or even 2 TVs by the bar area. I would definitely come back though.The Hopleaf is home to Chicago's finest beer selection. Wonderful Belgians and Belgian-likes, and tasty craft beers from around the world. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and fairly speedy. If you are lucky enough to get a seat at the bar, you will be in beer heaven.If you are not, you're kind of screwed. The place is tiny, and they won't let you sit in back because it "for dining only."I have actually got carded, then promptly walked out after seeing how crowded it is more times than I have drank there. I will go to Bar on Buena instead since the selection is almost as good and it's spacious and the service is better.HOWEVER, the dining at Hopleaf is excellent. If you are going to eat, you will have a much better experience here. I highly recommend the Steak Frites. Hopleaf is also home to the BEST MUSSELS in the city. The combination of bread, mussel broth, and garlic aioli can't be beat.I like the Hopleaf.Delicious beverages and a saucy menu makes a happy C Fu.So many good dishes here. I recall their Thai Mussels, which were mussels in coconut milk, kaffir lime leaf and other goodies...so good. Great combo.Oh, and how could we forgot about their frites. Their crispy, greasy, salty potatoes that go so good in their delicious aiolis. Their Mac and Cheese is great (if not a bit stinky...remember...it's Stilton Cheese) and I've had some great entrees there. It's really a great place to hang out in the 'ville, though it can get pretty friggin packed.Our latest attempt here was totally bamboozled by the Hopleaf barring food on their outdoor patio. On the first 80 degree day of the year. Why, Hopleaf, why? I still love you though.SO MANY BEERS. overwhelming really. but good.The only thing I don't like is that when you walk in, there is rarely a place to sit.  So it's that awkward "where do I stand for a minute while we wait for a seat" kind of thing.  And I'm really terrible at that game.  And they're all so cool--either cool or really pretty or smart, or worse all 3.  So get in there, look confident, and if there's no place to sit, "no big deal ya'll, I'll stand!"Good food, too.Stopped here the last night of my bachelor party. The condo we were staying at was a third of a mile away, so it was really convenient.Great selection of bottles and taps. The have a menu listing of both, so you don't have to strain your eyes looking at the wall of bottles available. The first floor is a bar in the front and seating for food in the back. Both were packed, but we found room in the bar area upstairs (which is cash only). Prices were relatively reasonable, perhaps a smidge high, but for the quantity of quality choices they have available, I can't complain. I would like to go back and try dinner sometime, but the bar suited our purposes perfectly for that night. I got to try a Goose Island Bourbon County (draft), a St. Bernardus Abt 12 (bottle), and a 3 Fonteinen Oude Geuze (bottle, $$$).Bar staff is knowledgeable and friendly, the latter of which was a pleasant surprise considering how busy they were. This was definitely one of the better beer bars I've ever been to and would not hesitate to return if I was in Chicago.Wish I could give it 4.5 stars. Five is a little too epic of a rating for it and four just doesn't seem fair.I am finding the food isn't consistent.  I am really bummed about it too. I love this place and the staff rocks, however, its a  toss up on the food when I go.  anyone else finding this out when they go?Hopleaf is like that friend of yours that everybody loves. They're beautiful, charming, have great taste and sincerely want you to be happy. The only downside is that they're always too busy to hang out. It's like that here: the biggest problem is going to be getting a table. My lady friend and I went to Hopleaf on a Wednesday evening and despite my earlier description, had no issue getting a table on the restaurant side when we arrived at about 5:30. By 6:00pm, every table was full. With the brick walls and wood floor, noise level is high but not unbearable. Tables are close enough to hear details of your neighbors conversations. Intimate dinners here are ill-advised.However, if meeting casually with friends it's perfect. The menu is focused on hearty Belgian and German fare and if our sampling was indicative of the quality across the board, I'd say they have it down pat. Food was 5 stars. The Alpine sausages with German potato salad was perfect. Tender fingerling potatoes, onion, a touch of bacon and a great vinaigrette mixed with 3 different sausages. Each sausage was seasoned differently and delicious in their own way. The brandade was wonderful and light; almost delicate despite the strong nature of its individual components. It's accompanying frisee salad was fresh, green, and crisp. While I did not order any other salad, I did see a couple delivered and all the greens looked just as good.For the main course we ordered mussels for two in the Belgian style. This was a lot of mussels; it could easily have been shared for 3 or 4. They were steamed in a Belgian ale with shallot, celery, thyme, and bay; and served with some excellent bread -- rare in the city, in my opinion -- and frites with aioli. The mussels themselves were of excellent quality. I did not find one closed mussel nor did I come across any grit whatsoever. All of them were plump and flavorful. The broth was well balanced and the vegetables included were still steam-crisp and tasty. The frites were plentiful and crisp, but salty -- and frites are something I like salty. Still, here, a little too much. You'll be thirsty later.While I have not mentioned the beer list, it is both broad and deep, with an emphasis on (of course) Belgian and Belgian-style beers. When in Rome, do as the Romans. I would recommend the Leffe Brune as a good all-around selection. It looks darker than it drinks and paired well with everything ordered. We didn't ask  for a dessert menu as we were too full. Portions were large, even for appetizers -- they should probably be shared. Prices were good as well. I would recommend this place to those who have the time to enjoy a leisurely meal or to those who are craft beer enthusiasts. Good food, good beer and good friendships are the theme here. Enjoy!We weren't able to eat here because we brought our 1 year old.  We didn't fit the demographic.A buddy of mine finally got me to go to his favorite spot in Chicago. He told me about the mussels for months and I told him I hated them. I don't hate them anymore. I went to Hopleaf and ordered the $11 mussel special with fries and garlic aoili. The mussel were cooked in a white wine, bacon and onion broth. They were tender and delicious. I also had a satisfying glass of Ayinger to go with it. I really liked this place. It does its best to remain true to themselves. Like others have said, no TVs, no arcade games, etc. Just an authentic bar with a European influence.Hopleaf clearly doesn't need anymore reviews, but I'll give it one anyway.FANTASTIC.A beer list in its own leather bound book.Creative dishes prepared well - try the CB&J with mac n' cheese.Great atmosphere, especially in the back by the wood burning stove.Excellent service - the place was stuffed to the gills on the Tuesday night we were there with 7 others, but they cobbled together a table fairly quickly. Wish bars like this existed where I live... tough to get a Chicago-feel in California.Hopleaf definitely lives up to the hype. There is limited seating, and given the immense popularity, it is a must to arrive early for dinner. My husband and I arrived at 4:15 on a Saturday and there were only 2 or 3 tables left!We started off with the sweet potato and fennel latkes. This appetizer comes with 4 latkes, and they are heavy and delicious. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, with a little chew. The spices are balanced and give a little zip. There are small, diced pieces of apple, which pair nicely with the latkes. Too much creme fraiche, but you can just skim it off.For dinner, my husband had the duck reuben with frites and I had the CB&J which comes with pub chips and mac and cheese. Both of our entrees were reasonably priced, large, creative and delicious. The CB&J is a fig jam and cashew butter sandwich with melted cheese and sourdough bread. Its amazing - must try! The pub chips are nice and crispy, lightly seasoned, and the mac and cheese is made with a blue cheese or possibly Stilton. Delicious as well. My husband's duck reuben was incredible, and it came with a heap of delicious frites.For dessert, we had the banana fool dessert. Banana pudding, homemade vanilla wafers, peanut butter mousse. Incredible.And of course, the selection of homemade suds will make any craft beer aficionado very happy!Yes, Hopleaf is legendary for it's beer selection (and it is a fantastic beer selection!), but what I really rave about is their mussels.  These are the best mussels I've had since I moved her from Scotland (and the Scots know their mussels, ya ken?)  I will concede that the white ale sauce is extremely salty, but the fact that I haven't had any mussels that even came close to this on this side of the pond, make this place stand out.Good luck getting a seat in the bar at just about any time.  But if you can stake out a spot, grab yourself any of their beers and dive into a cauldron of mussels.Hop Leaf - you're great.  You have all the beers I love to see on your menu (except you need more porters - Edmund Fitzgerald, anyone?).  You serve (very) tasty food (I've been to Amsterdam 3 times and done the frites + mayo thing, I've heard Vincent Vega talk about them, but for some reason, Hop Leaf is the only place I actually enjoy them!).  I always have a good time when I'm here.  My only question is:WHY ARE YOU SO F-ING CROWDED EVERY NIGHT OF THE WEEK?!?I love it that your business is thriving, and it's not really a valid criticism on my part, more of just me whining about not being able get a seat (or even make a 180-degree turn without bumping into someone) on a MONDAY NIGHT!  Come on!  So - please - people; stop going to this bar when I am here.  I need more space to maneuver and I'd like to sit down.  Thanks!If I could come here and eat their mussels every day, I would.  I always get the mussels for two and polish them off by myself.  That's my appetizer, entree and dessert.  Forget the bread that comes along with it.  I'm here for mussels and mussels only.  Oh, well the frites with the aioli too.  What a perfect accompaniment to the meal.  They have a ton of beer selections but since I am allergic to alcohol, I can't really comment on that.  I know people come for the cool beverages but come for the food.  It is excellent.  Lastly, be prepared to wait.  They don't take reservations (as far as I know) so come early if you hate waiting.  But even if you do, it's worth it.I LOVED this place! I went with two girlfriends on a Tuesday evening for dinner, and we didn't have to wait at all for a table. I was super excited that they had triple karmeliet, which is one of my favorite beers, and all of the beers we ordered were superb and were served appropriately. The three of us actually ordered two mussels, one of each type, and it was a PERFECT amount of food - we were worried it wouldn't be enough, but they were super generous with the fries and bread so it turned out well.The best part about this place was that I felt like we got a steal! For the beer and the mussels, it ended up being less than $20/person after tax and tip. I was really pleased and would definitely recommend this place.Went here Saturday on a second try(the first time the wait was too long)and wasn't disappointed. Word to the wise...get there either early or not too hungry!The mussels for 2 fed 3 of us and then some.I had the CB&J and it was really good.My Dad had the brisket...good.My sister had the reuben...good.Now me saying good to a sandwich is probably really good to most standards!Love the selection of beers and lambics...that's just awesome!Absolutely fantastic beer list with a wide variety to chose from...loads of Belgians and triples, my personal favorite, so I was happy.  Plus, they have some tasty wine too if beer isn't your thang.  As far as the food in concerned I really think the way to go is the mussels.  The fries are usually excellent as well, nice and thin and crispy, yum!  Personally, I think the rest of the menu is kinda lacking and the desserts are defiantly not worth the calories.  Service is hit or miss, sometimes they are nice and sometimes super duper BITC*Y.Go for some beer and tasty mussels.BEST BELGIAN BAR EVER!!! My friends and I chose Hopleaf in attempts to recapture our study abroad days in Brussels and what a great choice it was. It seemed like we were back in Belgium instantly with every Belgian beer you can think of available (even the bartenders didn't know some of the more obscure beers we ordered off their multiple page beer menu). With an active bar area in the front and an alive restaurant seating area in the back, we put our names on the list for dinner and passed the hour to two hour wait for dinner having frites with aioli sauce, an unbelievable sausage platter, and of course beer...all of which made the wait seem insignificant. Moving to the dining area, I feasted on the likes of mussels and more frites followed up by great conversation with friends in the lively atmosphere. Think it stops here...OH NO! You've got to have one more beer in the bar area to close out your trip to Hopleaf where the staff is friendly, the food is great, and the beer selection brings you right into Belgian's back door.Went to Hopleaf this past Friday night. It was the weekend, and so of course, it was a wait. Even though it was our first time, we were prepared for waiting and so it wasn't a big deal. Our friends managed to get a couple of seats by the bar and order up a few of their very tasty beer selections. We put an order in with the bartender who then forgot about us for about 10 minutes--but then he remembered he had forgotten us and comped us our two beers. Nice--we really appreciated that, especially since the place was slammed.We were seated for dinner upstairs on the catwalk area of the restaurant. It was a nice corner spot with a view. The waitress was attentive even though she was very busy. She recommended a pumpkin beer to our friend who was pondering it and let her know she'd take it back if she wasn't a fan--also, very nice. We appreciated the friendly service. Our food was good, though nothing to write home about. We had the mussels for two in the Belgian ale. The mussels were solid, even if the broth was a bit oversalted. With the frites and garlic mayo, it was plenty of food for us both for $21. Nevertheless, it was a smallish pot of mussels, I thought, for $21. And the frites were well-flavored, but pretty soggy. I'm used to the overload of mussels and crisp frites we used to get at our favorite Belgian spots in DC, where we used to live. Our friends had the appetizer charcuterie plate (seemed good) and the rabbit legs, which supposedly were delicious.I'd get something other than the mussels if we returned for food. Regardless, we'll definitely be back at this neighborhood spot for their incredible beer list.I don't know how I haven't reviewed The Hopleaf yet. It's a travesty. I used to trek up here from Lincoln Park for their beer selection and relaxed atmosphere. That's how much I like it. We usually sit in the front room. They have beers on tap that you can't get anywhere else in Chicago. It's kind of amazing. It does get crowded in the evening, which is why I love, Love, LOVE this place early on a week night. I can try their beers forever. I will even admit that when I moved to Andersonville, being 2 blocks from The Hopleaf was a major selling point.I want this to be my second home.The most excellent choices of beers from around the world.... followed up by DELICIOUS food.The atmosphere of the front is nice, but confusing and cramped, and also weird that the restaurant is a jaunt up the handicap ramp?  Its just got a weird set up of of two places really. But once you move past the wait of getting seated to eat which you can enjoy a beer during:) ... the food is such a unique and yet simple menu and just darn right gooood.  The last time I was there we had this bacon wrapped pheasant which I wouldn't really just order me up some pheasant anywhere but the way this place does things you want to order real game-y type foods like pheasant and rabbit... Its definitely a meat lover treat.  However I also had this butternut squash ravioli which makes those veggies out there go nuts for foods with FLAVOR!  Seriously a truly delightful experience for the mouth.  However you want to take that its GOOD.Finally made it to Hopleaf last night after hearing great things about it forever.The place was crowded (Sunday, around 5:30) and the nice tattooed/pierced man at the door directed us to the back to put our name in. There was a bit of a wait and I was thrilled to see a spot open at the bar. I randomly chose a beer (Dogfish Head something) and it was delish.We were seated pretty quickly and we knew what we wanted when the waitress came up. I ordered the CB&J, and BF got the mussels. I asked the waitress for a beer suggestion and I was very happy with her choice.We ordered an extra side of the Stilton Mac & Cheese, which they brought out a bit before they brought everything else out...it was very good, but the CB&J was un-flipping-believably good, along with the homeade chips...a very nice combo with the Mac & Cheese. BF enjoyed the mussels, and the frites (with aioli for dipping) were excellent.Service was *relaxed*...our waitress being VERY low-key, but efficient just the same. Overall, it was a great experience and I look forward to returning and trying something else off the menu...so many things look SO good.Delicious beer and delicious food. For dinner, I had the potato croquettes and a red cabbage salad. The croquettes were perfectly crispy, and the vinaigrette they came with was amazing. The salad was also excellent, with roasted hazelnuts. The food portions are a bit small for what you pay for, however. That was the biggest disappointment.Hopleaf is usually pretty busy, so come early. I got lucky and had friends arrive a bit before I did, so they already had a table. Otherwise, waits will range from 30-over 60 minutes.Hopleaf is an Andersonville staple with a great backyard patio area for summer drinking. Their draft selection is aimed squarely at beer nerds with a great balance of local craft brews and Belgian specialties. Creative brews are celebrated throughout the menu, but I think that there is something for just about every palette represented and the servers are great with recommendations. Definitely a great place to take the beer nerds in your life.Came here with my brother and we both had a great time talking with some of the regular patrons that come here. Beers were nice and cold so no complaints !The mussels are great, and everything else was hearty and delicious. More lighting would have been nice. The food is delicious and the price is reasonable.I once heard brevity is the key to communication. In that spirit, I present my review of Hopleaf:Great beer selection. Great food (although the menu could use a refresh). And now with more space so the wait isn't so long!What do you get when you take a bunch of monks, lock them in a monastery for a few hundred years, tell them they can't ever have sex, but that they CAN drink beer?You get the greatest beer, EVER MADE.If you love beer, you really should love Belgian beer and the Hopleaf has one of the widest ranges of belgian beers in the city. What makes Hopleaf exceptional though is the food: the black forest ham sandwich with gruyere cheese and sweet cole slaw has to be one of the best grilled sandwiches I have ever eaten.On the negative side, this place is terribly noisy for eating, especially if everyone has been drinking aforementioned belgian beer and the last time we were here, we waited for maybe 2 hours for a table.Still, I will definitely be back because I can't stop thinking about that sandwich...Well you know this place strikes a cord with customers given the number of reviews. This place rocks. A laundry list of beers, a festive atmosphere, super knowledgeable wait staff and great food. I've never had a bad time at Hopleaf.  If you're planning to eat dinner there, get there early or plan accordingly. This place is always jumping so expect a little wait.Well, thank god my friend was waiting at the bar for us because the wait for a table is insane- even though when we walked around there were a few open tables. Their speciality is the mussels but there really isnt anything special about them. I tried both kinds with the people I was with; good but I can make better mussels. They give you a ton of them; but I recommend them as an appetizer to share. My friend had recommended them as an entree for two people to split. Well, that was horrible advice. I got sick of eating them about 2 minutes into it and I will still starving! I wasn't impressed to say the least. But the beer selection is definitely impressive, however not enough to get me to go back anytime soon.Some visiting friends and I were going to a nearby comedy club and had time for some drinks before so we turned the corner and had to go to Hopleaf (since I'd heard great things). We weren't disappointed. Hopleaf consists of 3 areas - bar, restaurant, and patio - and all are inviting. The bar had a lot of people in it so we opted for the restaurant area which was equally as comfortable with plenty of room, vintage brick walls, and large open windows looking out to the large back patio area. They have a huge selection of beers (especially Belgian beers), which made it hard to choose, and we got a couple of tasty appetizers that seemed to disappear pretty quick. Next time I plan on trying the fries and mussels since I've heard those are both great there. All in all, great atmosphere, great brews, and great food.I am not a huge beer drinker, but I pretend to be when I come here. They have a whole book to choose from and even a beer hater can find a beer he or she might like! Whats even better is their food here. I had their mussels and it was delicious. You can get it cooked in beer or curry. I choose the curry, which was delicious. Though I might not come back for their mussels anytime soon (because I just found a great recipe for mussels at home), I will come back for more food and more beer. When you walk in, you might be fooled that its only a bar, but move towards the back where the dining area is. I hear the wait can be a b*tch most of the time, but luckily I went when nobody decided to go because I got seated in 5 min.After hearing about how great this place is for years, my boyfriend and I finally got around to going.  We went on a Friday evening, so I guess the hour wait we had is probably pretty normal.  We had a couple of beers while we waited and all was well.  The food here is sooo good.  I was instantly intrigued by the creativity of the menu and ordered the CB&J (on sourdough; house-made cashew butter, fig jam and morbier cheese, pan fried; w/ Stilton mac-&-cheese).  The combo of the cashew butter, fig jam, and cheese definitely sounded interesting, and it turned out to be amazing!  Also, there was A  LOT of food with this dish, so I did not leave hungry.  I'd probably come here all the time if I didn't feel so daunted by the thought of having to wait each time.  Nevertheless, I highly recommend the place for its food, drink, and atmosphere.There probably isn't much I could say about this place that hasn't already been posted, so I will keep this short and sweet. FABULOUS. I went for the first time yesterday (Monday night) and it was FABULOUS. I was skeptical going in because I generally don't like super noisey and crowded bars, but this place is CHARMING. We (4 people total) got there about 5:30 on a Monday night and there was plenty of seating to choose from. We decided to sit in the front room and just order our drinks and dinner at the bar, but you can always choose to be seated in the back and be served. Ambiance - warm, inviting, and charming. I was just in Belgium last summer and this place definitely captured the atmosphere. It was wonderful! Beer - YUM! I started with Goose Island's Bourbon County Stout (13%!). Elsewhere, I've seen this on the menu for up to 12 bucks, but it was only like 6.50 at the Hopleaf. I live in Wicker Park so I definitely noticed that all the beers were priced a few dollars cheaper than what I would normally see in my neighborhood. Hooray for that! (A side note about the cost- I paid for me and my bf and the bill was only 65 dollars for an appetizer (sausage platter, 12 dollars), an entree (14), a sandwich (12), and 5 craft beers. I was expecting it to be at least 100 bucks!)Foods - TOTALLY DELICIOUS. I had the duck rueban sandwich. It was deliciously rich and the perfect thing to be eating on a cold, rainy winter night. My sandwich came with their well known frites. It is pretty hard to mess up french fries so I'm not giving them too much credit for knowing how to fry a potato--but they did hit the spot. My BF got the brisket platter which came with the mac and cheese. YUM. My friend got the CB & J sandwich. TASTY. And my other friend got the mussels. YUM. Everyone was very, very happy with the food. Transportation: The only draw back for this place for me is that it is kind of far from where I live. I hardly venture North of Addison so this was quite a jaunt. But, that being said, the Damen bus can drop you off RIGHT on the corner so it is still convenient. Anyways, I would probably never go there on a Thurs, Friday, Saturday because I can imagine this place being ridiculously crowded and I would hate it. Also, If I ever go back I wouldn't want to get there later than 6ish because it certainly filled in and you know how I hate waiting for a seat. So, if you are like me just find a time to check it out on non-peak hours. It is definitely worth it!I'm just joining the bandwagon here, but I don't care. Hop Leaf is worth the 3 day wait for a table, the crowded bar area and the rest. I can't remember where I've had tastier mussels, a more intriguing selection of appetizers or a better selection of beers... OK I can't remember where i've had better beers because I probably drank too much wherever that was! If you are really hungry, eat something first, then go. Last time I ate here we waited about 1 hour 45, so make sure you really like your company!Just BE CAREFUL if you get seated and order a ton of food, because you might end up in a coma. Serious.A very good beer bar in Chicago.  They emphasize Belgian beer and food.  Both are excellent.  This is one place where the staff can be total tools so it is best just to ignore the attitude and tip poorly.A unique experience and a must try when in the city.Went there for dinner before a show at the Neo-Futurists and the beer selection was delicious, although the bartender was not at all friendly.The food had the usual fancy ingredients, common to Andersonville, which I enjoy but the taste was just okay.  I had some sauerkraut and sausages which were great with the beer but my friends had some sandwiches which were okay but nothing that would keep me coming back for more. If anything, I guess it's the beer that would make me go back for more and the fact that it's usually always sooo crowded gives it a warm cozy feel, if you're in the mood to be around a lot of people. :)A place like Hop Leaf speaks for itself in the amount of people who review it.  A LOT of people know this place, and A LOT of people could be here at any given point.  It's because it's a really fun place to go.  The beer selection here is daunting.  You can get anything from a basic brew to something that comes in a special glass that looks like a beaker and is held up by a wooden holder (quak is good stuff).  There's really nothing like this places beer menu, and they present it in the most casual of way, you will not get that snob feel from.The food?  The food is awesome.  Get the muscles, get two things of muscles with the frites that come with and go home happy.  That with a couple beers is a meal!  If you're of the type to want a full course, go with anything.  It's all fresh, filling and comfort good.  From the Duck Reuban to the Sausage platter.  Sausage platter's mustards are deeeeelicious!  You get the vibe here of a real Belgium bar but with that lovely American touch.I wish this place was closer and that if you get there at 7 you got a hour or more wait, but it's always worth the time and travel.  If you're lucky, you can get a table upfront, but if you want the dining room, I've waited over an hour to sit.  I really do love this place, as it makes you just feel good.  Better with a group of 6 or less, Hop Leaf is an excellent bar/restaurant.WOW.. Just..Amazing.This bar slash restaurant offers your typical, casual dish with an unique, upscale flair. Reuben Sandwich? Nope! Duck Reuben! ($12) Slow roasted Peking duck with cranberry cream cheese spread and sauerkraut and a side of their pommes frities. A-MAAAA-ZING Taste. PBJ Sandwich? Nope! CB&J!  ($10) House-made cashew butter, fig jelly and morbier cheese, pan-fried, with a melt-in-your mouth side of macaroni and cheese. An adult version of a kid meals. DEEE-licious. House Salad? Nope! Roasted Cauliflower Salad! ($8) Roasted cauliflower with marcona almonds, apples, golden raisins, mache, spiced yogurt vinaigrette..all cubed and with just the right amount of sweetnessMussels? Nope! Mussels from Hopleaf! ($12) They have traditional mussels as well as one special each day.. definitely ask what it is. we got the special of the day which contained paprika for spicyness, chorizo for heartiness, among other ingredients, then we spend a good amount of time soaking in the remaining broth with our warm bread. First four things I tried here are all recommended, and I can't wait for another trip to Chicago so I can try four more items..that is if I can pull away from these 4. Other major pluses include a very extensive selection of beers and very good service.I came here with friends on a late Saturday night and was instantly turned-off by the sardine/claustrophobic environment.  This place is extremely popular with tourists, suburbanite, and area locals as they feature an extensive selection of domestic and foreign beers, as well as meaty offerings.  Patrons are often should-to-shoulder waiting in line for drinks, and will shove you to get ahead.  So be prepared to be assertive or try going on an 'off' night and earlier before the dinner crew arrives.  I would come back and hopefully my experience would be better.  My friends and I high-tailed it after 30 minutes of madness and a single round of beer.  We'll be back to try their food and when there's less of a crowd.Four stars as a pub: for its very innovative menu and extensive list of Belgian beers.  Three stars for the actual food.  Mussels, which as the signature Belgian dish, should have been phenomenal, were just good. Not bad at all, just not the earthshaking-transport-me-to-Brussels-with-my-St. Bernardus experience I wished it had been.  Our appetizer was on the spartan side - the game fowl equivalent of two entire chicken wings (actually come to think of it, I've had chicken wings that were larger) with "micro-greens."  Mind you, I am against anything served with micro-greens and I'd an inkling this dish might be lackluster, but hubby insisted.... The taste was fine, but I tell you, for a $14 appetizer, it should have been far more substantive. This isn't one of those five star restaurants where a 2 oz portion strategically arranged on a strangely shaped plate with artistic dribbles of this & that woos the pretentious "less is more" crowd.  This is a pub, people!  Mind you, I'm all for eating with the eyes, but sometimes, it's just totally off base. I'd return on an slow night for the beer and maybe to try a sandwich or something more "pedestrian."I haven't had the same issues with the wait time..but I did feel the establishment has a sort of 'i'm cool, so that's why I am here vibe'...which usually leaves me at 'no thanks'. Beyond that here goes...What I consumed as far as food, okay...not really memorable...in that, I can't even recall what the dish is...The beer selection and no kids policy make it great.  Also, the waitstaff was attentive and on top of it throughout the meal and after drinks.I have to say, this area of the city, Andersonville, is enjoyable...there are so many fine establishments, which is yet another reason I feel this place is 'okay' instead of awesome or great.I love beer. I really do. Good beer. Delicious beer. I also adventure and trying new things and pleasant dining companions. My evening at Hopleaf included all of this and more. It was crowded, being Saturday, but we managed to find a nice corner to hang out in while waiting for a table. The wait was about 45 min. but we had beer and were, therefore, happy. My dining companion and I shared the mussels for two. They were outstanding. In fact, I kinda regret eating as much as I did on the appetizer as it meant I had less room for my entree.My friends all know I am a kid at heart. But leave it to the Hopleaf to class up a childhood classic with the CB & J. Cashew butter and fig preserves on toasted bread with some sort of lovely cheese in the middle too. Wow, it was so good. I am still mooning over that sandwich. I am also trying to think of where I can buy some cashew butter. I have absolutely no idea what my dining companion had. I was too enamored with my sandwich. God it was good. Especially with a really nice beer to wash it down.Considering that I rarely venture north of Armitage, Hopleaf was worth the trip north.The atmosphere is just what I'd expect for a pub.  Don't be intimidated by the beer list- the servers are incredibly knowledgeable, so trust their recommendation.  The food was AMAZING as well.  Duck meatballs to start- everything I've ever dreamed of and more.  The mussels were equally impressive.Even though I practically had to roll out of Hopleaf, I'll be back!Hopleaf, Hopleaf, how I love thee!This place single-handedly transformed me into a beer lover. Absolutely the place to woo the friend who insists they "aren't into beer."Love the food, too. The mussels with frites and garlic aioli are perfect to share. No stars deducted for the doorman who, without fail, scrutinizes my I.D. every time, no matter if it's the third evening I'm coming in in a single week (I've only done that once.) I can't imagine he sees enough New Hampshire driver's licenses to forget in such a short span of time... but, bygones, the friendly (and beer-savvy) bartenders are gracious and efficient and this reception ultimately overwhelms the stubbornly-exclusive aura of the entryway.  Yes it gets crowded but only because it is worth it, and the alert dance one must perform to earn a table or booth is just part of the experience. Or you could escape upstairs to the cash-only section if it feels too claustrophobic in the main bar.Oh, Hopleaf... you're so good I almost wished I lived up in your neighborhood!  Wonderful atmosphere and delicious food and drink!  I had this amazing warm cherry beer and the CB&J.  It was a bitterly cold evening and it's like fate stepped in to make me feel all warm and cozy once again.  Seriously, if you're feeling like having a bit of a nostalgic throwback to childhood with all the right twists to appeal to your adult palate... look no further!This is one of our favorite spots in Chicago!K: Mussels are where it's at. Hopleaf never disappoints as they know how to make amazing mussels + frites, serve hard to find beer (and delicious Lakefront), and has a funky vibe unlike other Chicago bars. You have to fight to find a table, but it's worth it. May the best person win in the fight to order your beer first!M: I've also had the Montreal Brisket Sandwich, CB&J and the mac and cheese. The meat part of the sandwich is tender and juicy. Portions are large and shareable. CB&J and mac cheese were just so-so and very greasy. This is not a negative, it is a gastropub after all. Ambiance is awesome: loud, friendly and no TVs. No distractions besides your own company.I've been here a few times. I think today was my fourth. Let me just say that I'm so glad they recently started opening for lunch and serving food. It was my first time actually eating there today and I had really amazing food.For $11 I got a CB and J. It was cashew buttler and a really good fruit preserve with cheese that reminded me of ricotta. The sourdough bread was toasted perfectly and melted the cashew butter, cheese and jelly. But that was nothing compared to the. best. macaroni and cheese I have ever had in my life. It was melt in your mouth crazy delicious with baked bread crumbs on top. Think stouffers except one million bajillion times better and satisfying. There were chips somewhere in the mix but after all that food + a Virtue hard cider draft I was so full.Anyway I'm sure a billion people have reviewed how great this bar is for its beer selection and I'm not sure what beers I've had in the past here... I've just known they've all been on tap....and sat at the bar three out of the four times. It's really difficult because it's limited seating but the rest of the place is huge. They also play really good music.The beer selection is a total mindfuck but that's the virtue of a real beer bar. If you want food then you have to cut through the crowd to the other side of the restaurant. The vibe is totally different in the restaurant section that the res of the bar. The food is good too! The mussels were pretty damn good.But people - lots of people, in fact - go there for the beer. The crowd is very well behaved, all things considered. The bartenders know what they're doing, don't let the retro 50's greaser look fool you! The only knock is that it gets crowded. You can try the upstairs, of course, but it can also get packed. Most of the time you can find space for a party of less than 6 to fit in the space though, which isn't too bad really.I never would have guessed that this place would have such AWESOME mussels!  The front of the bar is a bit smoky, even with the windows open.  The bartenders are not always super on top of things, but then you see the bar tab you see that with the reasonable prices you aren't paying for someone to like you.  And sometimes the hostess is a bit off in her ability to keep track of things.The mussels, anyway, are delicious.  They have great salads and other entrees as well.  Definitely one of my favorite places to hang out and meet up with friends...like Rob from the band Bumpus!! :-)Come here for the mussels and beer.  You can get the mussels prepared in two different ways.  The sauce changes but last time I was there it was either a beer sauce or a white wine sauce.  The white wine sauce was delicious.  They have a huge selection of beers.  So huge it is almost overwhelming.  Especially in the Belgium variety.  Yum.  I usually just give the server and genre and they bring me back something unique and tasty.  I was here last on a Wednesday and it was completely packed.  The bar was filled with people and we had to wait about fifteen minutes for a table of three.  The service was somewhat slow but the food and beer is so good we didn't really care.  We supplemented our mussels with a sweet potato lentil soup and a red cabbage salad.  Both of which were delicious.  Another one of my favorite places to visit when I am in Chicago!Like beer? Get thee here. Bitching and gripes are about the crowd or food, that is not why you go to Hop Leaf. I haven't been here in a while now and I don't know what Check Please is (management change?) but you honestly can't go wrong.Be wary of the lifelong ongoing dick-waving beer snob contest complaining about beer being mishandled or serving glass size.BEER IS GOOD, you can drink it here, they serve some of the best. Go.even for someone who isn't a beer snob, or even much a of a beer drinker, i was impressed with the Hopleaf's selection (and even tried a couple of beers).  The wine list is pretty prolific and affordable as well.  The mussles are fabulous and brisket sandwich was huge and delicious.  I only have two shortcomings: aside from the three salads on the menu, there aren't any veggies (just a bunch of starch, seafood and meat), and there isn't a server in the bar area which was super crowded and could have used one.  But I can live with both of those as long as the keep the mussles coming.Everyone pretty much said everything I wanted to say already--so this is just going to be another endorsement.  You need to go!Also, a few people took stars off for it being crowded--but you know what--i think they just don't want to admit that they like it that way.  Everyone gets off on being seen man--and might I add that Hopleaf is a pretty darn good place for that!This place is really neat, but the overcrowding was a vibe killer for me. I had some garlic fries which were tops. They also have the best selection of beer I can remember seeing since I've been in Chicago.My favorite part is the name: Hopleaf. It just really makes you wanna get in there and drink. Too bad it's so small and popular. I guess if they had less patrons they couldn't provide the stellar beer selection they have, but still -- the space is nice. There's a grad student crowd kind of crowd -- not bad.Pricey, but if you want a reliable place to drink and try something new and that'll knock you on your feet, get to Hopleaf right now. I'll definitely return. And that area of the neighborhood is really neat -- great atmosphere.Why are you so far? I finally made the trek up to Hopleaf and it was pretty much what I expected: great beer selection, delicious food and a relaxed atmosphere. I guess the beer selection is bigger than my more frequented Map Room, but enough for me to shlep out there? no. The food was fantastic (better than expected, but I was also drunk and very hungry after a long ass bus ride.) The mussels (beer) were good, but a little small) fries were good (not great) and mac n cheese was also good....The PBJ was the standout, with the duck sandwich also geteting high marks. Now that I really think about it I think the copious amounts of butter added to the outside helped a bit, but I would like to try some of their other main dishes.The service was slow at first (crowded,) but got better as people left.Bottomline: Is it worth a trek? Yes....more than once in awhile...nope (unless you live close of course.)I am a little uneasy about writing this review.  My experiences at Hopleaf has been mixed. Let me explain.The first time I went to Hopleaf was a year ago or more.  It was packed. By the grace of God or Luck we got two seats at the bar as a couple was leaving.  We quickly sat down and embraced the aray of beers on tap.  My friend and I had a great time testing different beers.  The bartender was well knowledgable! Great because there was tons of beers we didnt recognize.  We ordered an appetizer to balance our "trying." After a couple hours we left happy.Here is where the review gets uneasy.  After that great experience, I have attempted to go back to Hopleaf three times.  Once at 9pm on a Friday(big mistake) it was packed, Again we tried at 7pm on a Thursday again packed.  And then finally we went at 630pm on a Sunday, you guessed PACKED!  Is there any a time this place isnt packed!    Couldnt vote too negatively on this place cause i did enjoy but I would really like to enjoy it again at some point! if I could get a seat!Went to Hopleaf on a Thursday.  The crowd was pretty average, which was nice.  I started with the duck reuben- a clear mistake.  Luckily, I switched to the CBJ.  Many have raved about this sandwich, and I agree.  The taste is best described as eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with cheese between two fig newtons.  Trust me, it works.  The beer selection is enough to make even a novice beer consumer drool (as I did).  I chose a peach lambic; typically hard to find outside of Belgium.If you wanted to visit Belgium but cannot afford it, here is how to get Belgium out of Chicago:Go to Hopleaf and grab a few Belgian beers and the Belgian appetizers (mussels, frites, etc).For dessert, go to Baladoche- the only place in the US to find the zucher street waffles straight from the streets of Belgium.Good stuff.  Long wait as expected.  About 1.5 hours.  Drank some great beer and had good convo while waiting so not terrible.  Dining room was way nicer than having to sit in the bar area to eat.Ordered mussels, Stuffed Pheasant Thigh and the Walleye.  We split the mussels four ways as an appetizer and it was a perfect amount (we got oysters for one)  The pheasant thigh came in four pieces which also worked out great.  Mussels came with fries which were good.  My walleye was superb.  Cooked perfectly with a crispy skin to it.  The celery root puree was great.  I've never had anything quite like it and it worked so well with the dish.  The consistency was super cool and it had a great flavor.  I loved my dish.  Make sure to ask for some extra bread with the mussels to soak up some of the goodness of the mussel juices.  My buddy had Orval as his dinner beer and it was very very good.  I recommend it, very different.  I've never had anything quite like it.  I was also happy to see that it was bottled only a month ago.Amazing Steak & Organic too.  I left very impressed by the old world style foods that are so healthy.I never had duck liver mouse or pate before and it was a little strange to my palate but I have had a strange craving for it ever since.  This was one of there appetizers of the day items I hope I can find it when I go back.I enjoyed the homemade sauces as an alternative to chemically laden bottled condiments but I will admit I missed having A1 sauce with my steak that being said, I have never enjoyed a steak so much in my life.The price was a little more than we usually spend about $80 for two people but this will definitely be our new spot for Birthdays, anniversaries and special occasions. The price is absolutely worth the quality and we could have had a great dinner for less but I'd rather play cheepskate elsewhere just to eat here more often. Our $80 got us 2 Rib-eye steak dinners1 salad with Rabbit confit1 appetizer of the day and 2 drinksYup, what can one say about The Hopleaf at this point? Great bar, great beer, really good food. The duck reuben is one of my favorite things to eat in Chicago: incredibly decadent and tender and juicy and messy and delicious. The only knock, really, is the overwhelming crowds in the evenings, especially on weekends. If you can get a seat at the bar, though, you've got it made. The Hopleaf holds great special events--book readings, improv comedy--in its upstairs rooms. The bartenders are knowledgeable and usually friendly, and I've had only one weird service experience with an extremely rude hostess. I miss living near The Hopleaf.Uh, what isn't there to love here? The incredible beer selection is what to come for, and if you're feeling like you have a little room left over, stay for the meal. Sure, it's easily a 2 hour wait on a Saturday night, but with a good group to drink with, it usually passes pretty quickly. Try the Kasteel Rouge..a Belgian cherry beer that I've recommended to many.Oh yes, they serve food too! CB&J, duck reuben, steak frites, lots of delicious entrees. BUT let's not forget the essential: mussels! Oh and their fries are pretty much perfect for how much drinking you're doing too...The go-to place for Belgians, IPAs, and other such fancy beers in Chicago.  My out-of-town friends insist upon going every time they're around, because they love the selection so much.Always a sure thing for food...nearly everything I have tried here is amazing, and I love that they have a varied selection of ever-changing seasonal plates.  The entrees aren't cheap, but quality is amazing.  Their sandwiches are surprisingly filling and come with a good-sized portion of frites with their signature tasty aioli.  I recently tried the Tilapia Sandwich again and was blown away by how something so simple could be so good...perfect, crisp batter; yummy gribiche sauce, and the tangy lemon pickles are a nice touch.  I'm also rather fond of their impressive Stilton Mac-n-Cheese, CB&J Sandwich, Brisket, and various salads.And I'm thrilled that they are still carrying Goose Island Green Line...for a reasonable $3.50!  YES! Unfortunately, the wait-time for dinner can border on ridiculous, and there is NO good place to stand when the bar is filled (which is always.)  I'd eat here every day if they weren't so popular :/  But glad to see a quality place doing so well...A few of the servers can border on the haughty hipster side, but I probably would be too if I had to contend with droves of annoying Lincoln Park yuppies crowding into my bar :)This place has so much good beer it's almost overwhelming.  I keep coming back again and again and I still feel like I haven't even grazed the surface of what they have to offer.When you're feeling overwhelmed and don't know what to order, just ask a bartender to suggest something for you.  I asked them for "just a really good IPA" and was treated to something great!Yum!My dear friend is a huge beer geek so this was the pefect place to take him for an early birthday dinner. He had his choice of hundreds of craft beers and I was able to partake in some super yummy food.I couldn't tell you what he drank but I was thrilled to see the Goose Island Green Line on tap. All I remember is him telling me that he wants to come back and try the 120 minute IPA - apparently there are 120 IBUs in that thing?He had the duck reuben, I had the sweet potato pancakes, and our other friend had the duck meatballs and french fries. I never heard one complaint throughout the meal and I think we all left the restaurant quite satiated, slightly tipsy, and our wallets still intact. All in all, a fabulous place. The downside? Way too far up north.Belgian Beer is always a draw in this town. Hopleaf keeps an awesome tap and great selection of bottles on hand. But I tend to show up for the food too. Their mussels easily rank in my top 10, just under a place in Belgium. Their fries are probably some of the best in town.Most of the dishes can be a bit on the greasy side, but in a buttery excellence way. I really liked their sweet breads. I know, a bit adventurous for some, but they are perfectly prepared and might just open up the closed minded eaters out there. Getting a table can be a wait, but see the first note about the beer selection.On my many adventures around Chicago, I am always on the search for The Perfect Bar. What makes The Perfect Bar (TPB) for me? Cozy, darkly lit room full of laid back people and a kicking bar selection. TPB for me was Deep Ellium in Boston. Is the Hopleaf TPB for me in Chicago? Perhaps, although it is a little far north for true perfection.So what makes the Hopleaf so swell? First off, it is quite excellent for the beer extraordinaire. Many different types of both regional and international beers constantly are changing depending on the season and perhaps mood of the owner. The food is swell as well (yum yum mussels!) served mostly on the pub side of things.Would I come back? Yes, I definitely will! Will it be soon? Perhaps, although the teacher's salary can only go so far in this world.Side note: In order to order, one must go up to the bar. This includes the food service, although food is brought directly to the tables.You can easily pass the place up if you weren't looking for it. This is a great spot with an awesome array of Belgian beers. I would just go wild and experiment while you are here. The place is very trendy and the time I went I was lucky since it wasn't very busy... so I had time to check out the great flavor in the beer.How did I not discover this places sooner???  Maybe because I'm not too familiar with Andersonville, but that's beside the point.  Anyways best Gastropub on the north side.  Expansive selection of domestic craft beers, but what makes this place stand out are the Belgian beers.  Over 20 on tap and countless bottles of trappist ales.  For the food- the menu notes the specialty of the house are the mussels and  I can corroborate that!  The two person order was enough to feed 4 people (at least as an appetizer).  The mussels are also served with pommes frites, which were a bit soggy, but were saved by the aoli.  I'll save the narrative, but another must have item is the venison meatballs.  Bottom line, if you like belgian beer and good food, make the trip to this andersonville institution.Awesome beer list, okay menu. Service was good, but kind of slow. We got the ham sandwich which was good, but very rich. My 2 friends and I split the sandwich and I couldn't have had much more. I thought the menu was pretty limited, but I think they had typical Belgium food... Which I guess doesn't intrigue me much. I just wanted a delicious soft pretzel to be on the menu, but it was no where to be found.It's fun to go and try new beers, so I would recommend it for that.  I'd eat somewhere else.Great quality of ingredients, concept of the food also good, presentation was fair. Taste fell short. We shared multiple items on the menu: Mac was bland, sausages were ok, the vegetarian entrée was over seasoned. The absolute best thing we tried was the Cashew Butter and Fig jam sandwich. Beer selection was very broad and good (don't expect to find miller lite here). Great environment and helpful staff.Great scallops & salmon. Nice decor. Different for the typical city. Comfortable atmosphere.J'ADORE HOPLEAF. I initially ventured here because Jeffrey Eugenides mentioned coming here in the intro to his "My Mistresses Sparrow is Dead" mixtape potpourri of favorite love stories.  I was hoping I could maybe see my reflection on his bald head, in a way that shone through to the very core of my being. That didn't happen, but I've had lots of good times here regardless.  The mussels are tops.  Another time, I went for their fig & cashew & cheese sandwich, that was excellent.  I went here after a disappointing job interview and it was thick pre-Thanksgiving traffic, so I thought I would loaf around there...I ended up chatting with these Lithuanian gentlemen who told me the plot of the movie Pay it Forward.So, to sum up. Go for the beer, stay for the mussels, you might learn something! Especially if you are like me and are a human magnet for German and Eastern European tourists. (I can't be the only person this happens to, but I kind of get the feeling that they're terrified of anyone who isn't blonde, and I do not support that)The place has a great selection of beer and food to boot. However, the crowds do build up after 5pm so if you're trying to talk and catch up with people, doing so will be a trying time. Overall, I enjoyed my visit to the beer and will be returning.Ham sandwich.Mussels with the chorizo option is sublime. Absolutely the best mussels I've ever had. Loud inside but we were able to get a table outside... very nice server.Hopleaf may be my favorite bar in Chicago.  The selection of beers has always been great and in the last few years they have responded to the growth of the microbrew industry here in the States and have a large number on draft.  They recently expanded, almost doubling seating space, and have a bigger kitchen.  They still seem to be adjusting a bit to the change.  Come in the early afternoon on a weekday and avoid the weekend crowds.  Yes, the mussels are grand but try a unquie menu item.  And don't forget the extensive list of bottled beers!One of my favorite spots in Chicago, even after I moved out of the neighborhood.  Come for the huge and delicious selection of beer, stay for the moules frites.  Hopleaf used to be just a great small bar with an enourmous selection of beer.  They expanded the bar to a few years ago to include a restaurant in the back with the intention of serving good Belgian/French influenced food.  I remember reading that they wanted to be THE spot for late night diners.  Seems they have attracted diners at all hours of the day.It can be hard to find a table here on a busy weekend night, so sample a Kwak (it comes in a large test tube like glass supported by a wooden stand) in the crowded bar area while you wait for a table in the back.So many beers, so little time...Their beer menu is hugenormous. Ranging in price from $5 to $20+.High recommend checking it out, their food menu is sort of small, and not very veggie friendly but their 'frites' (which are fries) are delicious.My only complaint is that its too packed, and there is minimal seating.Other than that this place is awesome!If you like beer, or claim to like beer, it may be a good idea to erase from your memory any mainstream brand of brew, and start with a clean slate. Whether you pick something off the table menu, or jump right into the full beer menu, chances are there is a beer to satisfy every type of taste and preference.Here's a tip. If you're not sure what you would like, and the bartender is not too busy, describe what you would like to have. Yes, you are putting you selection in the hands of the bar, but I was pretty satisfied with what was given me. Part 2 of the tip- if you seem clueless, you will get ignored. Service is not a highlight of the bar area. It ranks somewhere inbetween cold and indifferent, with a touch of attitude. They probably have a brew based on this somewhere on the menu.My food experience was limited to their Toasted Nueskke Ham Sandwich and some fries. The sandwich was okay, next time I'll definitely get a regular entree, but the fries, (okay pomme frites) were good.Atmosphere? Anything goes. Chances are it will be packed and crowded. Read other reviews for other tips on this place, I know I am. If you're in the main bar area, well, expect a bar. I haven't experienced the back or upstairs yet, so I can't comment on that. All in all, I enjoyed my time here.Pros: Extensive beer menu, urban bar atmosphere without feeling yuppy or preppy, but weird enough to have some character to it.Cons: Packed, smoking still allowed (may bother some people), service can be cold.To Sum it Up: (in Homer voice) beer...the cause of and solution to all of life's problems.I can get a beer almost anywhere. Would I go to Hopleaf just for beer? nope. Combine beer with the best dang mussels in a lobster wine sauce with a loaf of crusty bread and that makes me drive from the burbs to partake. The wife usually gets the venison (when they have it) with roasted root veggies and a current/demi-glase reduction over spuds. Well worth the money...Serious quality beer list and great food...These guys get it!I lurve myself the Hopleaf!  Not only is the bar staff attentive, but they know their stuff and make wonderful recommendations.yum, yum, yum.Before I begin my incredibly glowing review, I'll gloss over the one negative of Hopleaf:  the claustrophobia inducing crowds.  People are climbing over each other to get a coveted seat in the bar.Of course, there's a reason for this - Hopleaf delivers the goods.  First off, this place is Mecca for beer swillers.  Hopleaf has hundreds of beers, including at least 30 or so on tap, from every corner of the globe.  The vast selection of hard-to-find Belgian brews makes me weep with joy.  The prices tend to be on the high side, but we're not talking about Miller Lite, folks - the beers served at Hopleaf are complex, top-quality, and bursting with alcohol content (you are best off leaving the Toyota at home).On top of the encyclopedic beer selection, Hopleaf's food raises bar cuisine to a new level.  The mussels, served up in iron pots, swimming in garlic-y broth, served up with crusty bread and heavenly pommes frites, are better than you'll find in a high-falutin French bistro.  My most recent meal involved the "CB&J" - a grilled sandwich with cashew butter, fig jam, and morbier cheese.  While a bit unusual-sounding, it was an incredible sandwich, and the accompanying stilton macaroni and cheese and (again) those pommes frites put this meal over the top.If you can handle the crowds, you will not be disappointed - this place rocks.All the "it was better before 'Check Please'" bs is amusing to me.  This place exists because Andersonville yuppified, and as such it makes perfect sense that its popularity has increased as Andersonville's increased.  And it's not like this place was a hidden gem--it's in plain sight on a busy stretch of Clark.Personally, I love this place because I love pomme frites and aioli.   I usually get the mussels, and I find it's a pretty good value for my penny-pinching ways.   The food menu is small, but the beer menu is large and something to see in and of itself.  I try a different beer each time I go, keeps life interesting.It does get very loud even in the back room on Friday and Saturday nights, so trying to hold a conversation there is impossible.  The last time I went with a group of people we kinda just smiled and nodded at each other across the table.  We were kept pretty busy with the food.I'm psyched that I'll be moving into Andersonville at the end of next month, this place will be visited often.  This place will ensure that I'm broke by the end of the summer, so many good beers I have yet to try.The only negative about this place is that it's so crowded all the time.  Nothing anyone can do about that one though.I SING YOUR PRAISES HOPLEAF!Great Beer. Amazing food. Perfect atmosphere. Mellow music. Chill, pleasant crowd; both staff and patrons.I have never had a bad time at this bar and honestly love everything about it. It would get 5 stars even if they didn't serve food and they would get 5 stars serving the  same menu as a BYOB restaurant. Yes, the food is that good and yes, the place is that great. Go here. Now.Hopleaf ranks #2 in my list of Bars to go to. Given that my list of bars I have been to would number @least 50, thats saying something! I have traveled 10 miles from work, jus to satisfy my craving for the Ham sandwich on their tiny menu. Oh oh, the fries with garlic mayo is nothing short of genius!!! I don't even have to say a word about their 250+ beer selection - but drink my favorite when you go there - Delirium Tremens (think pink elephant)Great if you like Belgian beers.Just ok if you like aggressive, hop heavy west coast beers.Given the name, I was expecting a midwest take on Portland's legendary Horse Brass.  There's not a goddamn thing to drink on tap here for true hop addicts.  Even the Edgewater up the street has more hoppy beers.  And they only have 6 taps...I've never been amazed by the product here, but I have met some really interesting people...Still would rather be at the maproom.Hopleaf is nice, but a lot of what other people site as problematic I can see.  It's pretty packed most nights and if there's a mistake with the food you order, better get ready to eat the staff's mistakes as I did with a messed-up order of mussels.Still, I absolutely see the merits of a beer list longer than my arm-span and can't truly put the dis on anyplace that has framboise, much less on tap.  My boyfriend is all about the Atomium, which isn't found many other places either. Plus their fries with aoli are awesome-tasty.The other thing I like about this place is totally random and has nothing to do with how it's run and everything to do with its patrons.  I like the bathroom graffiti.  It's oddly inspirational.  Some quotes include:"You are the future. Take care of it.""Trust yourself; everything else will follow."and, my personal favorite."Do the best you can. Love your friends. Drink beer."The Hopeleaf is one of the places that makes living in the city great. Michael, one of the owners, is also a cyclists. His story is very similar to that of New Belgium Brewing out in Colorado. Michael was riding his bike in Belgium, which has a great beer culture, and he decided to bring that culture to Chicago. This is one of those places that transports you to a different part of the world in a way. That part being Belgium. They bring the beers and cuisine of Belgium to Chicago and also fortify their offerings with an awesome craft and worldwide beer selection always served in the proper intended glassware. Tru, the place can get crowded at peak times, but what good place isn't. Note that they do check IDs and if you want to sit down for a meal, make your way to the host stand in the back. Go here spend and be happy.OMG!  Hopleaf has so many reviews!  Will mine just get lost in the review melee?  Well, I feel lucky today, so here goes!I must begin my review my stating that I am not a huge fan of beer.  I like a good cold one on occasion, but if I am trying to get my party on, there are other libations that do a better job of ringing my proverbial bell.That said, I am a fan of Hopleaf.  As beers go, I'd say that Belgian ones are the smoothest and tastiest.  It's great that the staff of Hopleaf is compassionate towards a beer novice.  All in all, the recommendations I've received have been eye-opening.What I most admire about Hopleaf is the food.  Sure, it's a bar, but they have some really great eats!  First off, the Belgian mussels are divine!  The mussels are always fresh.  The broth is heavenly -- warm and smooth with seasonings that compliment the mussels perfectly!  I could seriously eat them daily.  I LOVE mussels (as well as muscles, but that's a whole different story...).The duck breast Ruben is another good choice.  It sounds rather odd, but boy! is it tasty!  Perhaps it's a bit greasy, but it IS a grilled sandwich after all.The CB&J is another sinfully delicious choice.  Cashew butter and fig jam on grilled sourdough bread.  It satisfies the sweet/savory craving perfectly.  My only wish I could get it toasted rather than grilled.  Well, maybe I can -- I've never asked.Hopleaf is a crowded place, but they do a fine job handling the masses.  You might have to wait for a table, but that's ok.  You can stand around in the bar and try some beer recommendations!This is not a great place for someone who is a vegetarian and likes cheap, pedestrian beer....and hates crowds.We went on a Monday night and it was PACKED.  As in, couldn't turn around.  After a little over an hour we got a table and checked out the menu.....they've got a ton of meat options but it is slim pickins for the veg heads.I got the mac and cheese and fries (if my trainer is reading this, hello! Went to the gym first, I swear!).  Mac and cheese was good, but not great.  The fries were awesome, mostly because they are served Belgian style with mayo. Mmm, lard.I'm not a big drinker, and when I do drink beer it is PBR. Not because it is "ironic" or even because it is cheap, but because I like it. I don't need all the razzle dazzle this place has got goin' on.  The atmosphere was cute, though.  Fire place, pubby kind of feel.  I bet on a night when I'm not elbow to elbow with everyone it would be pretty swell.As for the meat eaters and beer geeks I was with, they seemed to dig it.  The consensus is that the CB and J is tasty, as was the rabbit (yuck).  The beer list got big thumbs up, too.I think I'll stick to the Chicago Diner, though.  I never have to watch anyone eat Thumper when I'm there!I had a really great time with my date.  I went on a Tuesday night and still had to wait 30 min.  I know there are some bad reviews here so I had to toss in my good one.  A few bad reviews can really make someone hesitant to try anew place out but hey, this two story place is PACKED to the rafters every night as far as I can tell.  That should tell you something.  The beer selection is worth the trip but toped off with a creative gastro-pub menu you have a great combination.I had the muscles and fries.  The muscles were not chewy but more like delicious velvet.  Lets just say I ate all the fries.  The aoili was not homemade mayo but had so much garlic I did not care.  They were an excellent combo.The scotch egg app stopped me in my tracks.  That's how good it was.The CB&J sandwich was creative and my girlfriend loved it.  I wasn't blown away by the flavor combination but applaud the dish on originality and creativity.This makes it on my list of places to entertain out of towners.  I am proud of this Andersonville eatery.  I can wait tell you try it, even if it means I have to wait longer on a table.We stopped by here with another couple that lives in Chicago last summer while on vacation in the windy city.  I had asked my friend about where to get the best beer in Chi-Town and we ended up here.   One of our wives was kind enough to be our DD, so we got to try a good variety of Belgians.  I agree 100% with what everyone else says, this place is jam packed and cramped.  We were sat at the seat by the back gray pole (by the bar) so people were constantly brushing past us.   But the food was excellent.   We had the moules frites, a must.  (Belgian style mussels).   And a few other starters.    My wife had a duck entree which does not appear to be on their menu anymore, and she raved over it.  (And she's picky)...   I had the steak frites with lemon-horseradish butter and Belgian style fries and I have gotta say, that was one of the most delicious steaks I have ever had and have never forgotten about it....  One thing we thought was cute was that the big huge bartenders all look the same (burly Belgian men) and they all had ZZ Top style beards...  That got a little surreal after a few beers...  :)If you love beer and food that goes great with fine beer yet don't mind being a little cozy at some tiny tables too close together big time, then you will love this place.  The food and beer to me was five stars, cramped quarters a 2, so for fairness I will rate it a 4.I have to second Ashley F. on this one. How can yuppies and hipsters both be blamed for the Hopleaf's recent surge in popularity? Denegrating a particular social group on Yelp by way of a bar review is the very definition of pathetic.That being said . . . the Hopleaf has been extremely packed lately. I know they are expanding next door, but if you came up to Andersonville just to go to the Hopleaf and you can't get a table don't worry, there is more than one bar in the neighborhood.The Edgewater Lounge and In Fine Spirits are good alternatives for great beer and tasty food, albeit with their own vibes. Symons, Farraguts and Charlie's all have a good beer selection too. If you want pizza, super friendly service, turkish beer and an extremely eclectic crowd just head next door to Konak.If you absolutely have to go to the Hopleaf do what the locals do, come early and come often.Dear Hopleaf,I am so sorry  I dismissed you as nothing more than a hangout for hipsters and that I ignored you for over two years. It was me not you. But after so many friends spoke so highly of you, I had no choice but to see what the fuss was about.I have seen the light. I can now commune at your tables with the expertly prepared mussels, fight with my dining companions over the fries and garlic aoili and enjoy every bite of my divine CB&J sandwhich and perfectly crusty mac & cheese. I am even willing to withstand the long long wait times to be able to spend time with you. I hope we can be together forever.Love always,Punktriss.This is a fab bar, w/incredible food. It gets insanely packed on the weekends though, so be prepared. Also they absolutely will not seat you/will give up your table if the whole party isnt there. hostess wont budge an inch on this. otherwise; totally worth it, and they do open up the patio for a great beergarden when summer eventually gets there. Great mussels, CBJ is phenomenal, yummy fries and onion rings w/a homemade garlic aoili, stilton mac n cheese is also a winner. They're famous for their ham sandwich.A 45 minute wait in a loud, crowded bar is no way to start the night, but alas, this is how my evening at Hopleaf began.  I really wish they took reservations.But, at the end of the night, even my cranky parents were saying that the wait was worth it!The beers are great and will make any type of beer drinker happy.  I wasn't too impressed by the wines by the glass, but that serves me for even looking at a wine list in a beer place.The food: mussels (we had both kinds) were fab!  I'm partial to the spicyness of the Thai ones, but most people like the classic Belgian style.  Frites were perfect - especially with mayo w/ a hint of spice.  The duck trio was yummy, so all you pate lovers out there: come here!  I had the salad w/ crab which I didn't love - again probably not what I should have ordered at a place like this.Everyone else had sandwiches that they liked.Finally, the best part: the mac and STILTON cheese.  If you like yours with more flavor and less oozy cheese (I find the neon orange stuff gross), then this is your mac and cheese!Great beer list, plus appropriate glasses for almost all of them:  If you like your Kwak served in the traditional Kwak volumetric flask-shaped glass, this is an ideal destination!Strongly-recommended food items include the mussels (of course),  the smoked brisket, and the excellent mac & cheese side dish.The biggest problem, as others have noted, is the post-"Check, Please" crowd.  Avoid the long waits by going early or late -- or by managing to snag a table or booth in the front bar.More Tripel Karmeliet on tap, please!The beer gods must've been smiling on us, since on a recent weeknight we managed to score a table in the bar area without having to wait.  As usual, Hopleaf was packed with a crowd as eclectic as its extensive beer list, but we did our best to limit ourselves to a few beers and an order of frites.  The frites are served with a healthy portion of garlic aioli.  In addition to all the Belgians, Hopleaf also offers many craft beers including local brews from Half Acre, Metropolitan, and Goose Island.  Plan to linger for a while in order to sample a variety...just go early if you ever want a table.Maybe this type of place just isn't my scene? But I wasn't a huge fan :( Went here on a Tuesday evening around 7 and was able to find a table in the front part of the bar for 8 people - if we had come just 15 minutes later we would have been S.O.L.  This place got PACKED!  The beer is good, plus they have lots of cool glasses for each beer.  but, if you sit in the front part of the bar, there's no service - meaning you go up to the bar and order your drinks/food yourself.  Which isn't so bad because the bartenders are pretty good about getting to you even though they are super busy.  However, call me lazy?  I like somebody coming to me and asking me what I want.   The food - we only tried the mussels (which everybody liked), which comes with fries (SUPER salty).  We also ordered onion rings, which are more like fried onion strands - also SUPER salty.  Yikes.  My blood pressure can't handle that much salt.  Not a huge fan of the food, sorry.There's not much not to like about Hopleaf.Now that I've got that double-negative intro out of the way, I'll get to the details.  In a nutshell, the main appeal of Hopleaf is the variety of their high-quality craft brews they have on tap.  Great IPAs, Stouts, Ales, all that good stuff.  Additionally, they also have a unique and tasty dinner menu as well.  The fact that they have quail on the menu really sold me on this place, as it is very hard to find and always hits the spot.  They also make a damn good briskett entree too, which I indulged in last night.  I usually pass up briskett when I see it b/c there's usually ribs to choose from, but since Hopleaf doesn't serve ribs, I went the briskett route and was not disappointed.  Made me forget how much I miss briskett.For those of you who are not carnivores, they also make a very good CB&J sandwich, which is my girlfriends favorite, and according to her, one of the best sandwiches ever made.  It seems to be a customer favorite as well.You, the Yelp reader, may have also read reviews about Hopleaf that it is usually incredibly crowded and damn difficult to get a table if you show up during peek hours.  I am not here to dispell those rumors, but I do have a bit of advice.  If you don't want to wait 1 hour+ for a table, and 10 min+ to order a drink from the bar, then don't show up at 7:00 on a Fri or Sat night.  It's like Yogi once said: "nobody's goes there, it's too crowded".  I learned my lesson the first time I showed up at 7:00 on a Sat night, and waited damn near 2 hours for a table.  Since then, I haven't shown up after 6:00 for dinner, and as a result, I've never had to wait for a table.  Nothing wrong with an early dinner every once and while, especially if the incentive is great food/beer in a cool atmosphere.I love the beer selections and the atmosphere. I don't mind the 45 min wait since they have a great bar upstairs where you can sit, drink, and chat.What I don't love is feeling of my arteries beginning to harden as I eat their food. The amount of salt in everything is overwhelming. Sure it gets you to drink more but now I have to worry about my blood pressure? But I'm so young!When I came in for the first time, I stood at the bar looking over their extensive craft beer list. Someone next to me tried to order a Bud Lite. To my endless joy, the bartender scoffed and said, "We don't serve that here."He ended up recommending a light pilsner to the poor fella and I have been laughing about it ever since.Food:They tend to be known for the mussels (Belgian or White-Wine) and that crazy peanut butter and jelly concoction. Normally adventurous, I can never pry myself away from the mussels to try anything else.Atmosphere:Plan on waiting to sit. Beer snobs hike for hundreds of thousands of miles just to drink in this Mecca. It's worth it. The two-level restaurant in back is cozy and the bar in front is always swarming with people. A friend described it as a place for men who look like lumberjacks and girls with lots of tattoos. That is absolutely right (and ideal for any night in my book).Hopleaf combines great beer and great food in a wonderful setting. Whenever I'm faced with an extensive beer list I try to go for something local so I chose Finch's Dirty Bird and was pleased. I started with the cheese trio of the day and a selection of charcuterie. The cheese was good. For the charcuterie I chose the duck breast prosciutto, rabbit rillette, and lardo and all were very nice. For my entree I had the pork belly and head on prawns. The pork belly was amazing, the prawns were flavorful, but I didn't get much out of the head when I tried to suck the brains out.For dessert I ordered the Bourbon County Stout chocolate mousse. I had apparently ordered the last one they had and the bartender decided the glass it was served in wasn't clean enough and sent it back. Instead I received an Oatmeal Stout Brownie and it was very good.The only thing that disappointed me was discovering that the staff aren't allowed to taste the food. How are they supposed to know how to sell it?I love this spot because of the beer selection, mainly because they have a variety of belgians and I looooove belgians, esp when they come in goblets and bollekes. I like their cheese and sausage plates too. They're great if you just wanna hangout and drink while nibbling on something.Obvi if you go during peak dinner hours there's a wait, but they just expanded so the wait time has prob gotten better. I usually wait it out to sit outside in the back.4 because I am not the biggest fan of the rest of the menu. The mussels are okay. I've had them be gritty and small a couple times though.Great beer selection - our waiter was really helpful at suggesting good drinks and discouraging us from others that might not be worth our money.Husband had the brisket sandwich, which was very good but I could've sworn it was pastrami. Mom had the Nueske ham sandwich and the onion rings and shared them - really tasty.I got the vegetable gratin - eggplant, zucchini, goat cheese-stuffed fried zucchini blossom, tomato gnocchi, and sauce. It was really tasty, but for $18 the portion was incredibly stingy. And I wish the zucchini blossom had had more goat cheese inside. I'll definitely go back if we come to Chicago again.Don't see the huge appeal. Long wait, not great service from anyone that came by our table, food just average. And waaaay too many fries with everything! Really wanted to love it but probably won't go back.I love this place.  I always get the ham sandwich with onion rings.  You don't need to like beer to come here.   Oh and the head cheese and liver mousse are amazing.  Open for lunch on the weekends too.The Hopleaf has an amazing beer list that I feel cannot be adequately described in the tiny box with which I am presented here.Only complaints: crowded and smoky, but what do you expect from a place this popular?  I'll still gladly make the trip from the suburbs for this place.FANTASTIC selection of beer.Great bartenders.The most amazing thing though, is the amazing food.  It's simply one of the best places in the city - and is by far one of the most consistent.Get the steak frites and prepare for orgasm city.I can't wait until January when the smoking ban in Chicago goes into effect. Chicago, you'll catch on after a while that it is a good thing. I love Hopleaf. It is our favorite restaurant so far since moving to Chicago from Oakland. While we haven't love everything that we've tried on the menu, the food is consistently good. The mussels are always succulent and yummy (go for the wine sauce always...the beer is a let-down).  One complaint is that the food is a little heavy and rich. One suggestion might be to order a salad with whatever you get, but who can get excited about that when there is the brisket sandwich and onion rings (oh so delicate, crunch, salty, and tasty) after you share mussels (for one is plenty) with pommes frites.The CB and J sandwich sounded just too tempting (cashew butter with fig jam and morbier cheese, fired like a grilled cheese, and served with stilton mac and cheese and home-made potato chips. I dare say that is just too much richness and cheese (and I am a cheese FANATIC...there is no such thing as too much. Until now). And the beer menu: What can I say? It is second to none so far that I've seen here. I keep trying new things, and I always come back to ones that I love: Kwak, Fin du Monde, Delerium Tremens, but it is fun to try the others!We now have a standing date night every Friday because it is so consistently good. My one complaint is the cigarette smoke from the bar in front. I leave reeking like an ash tray, and I can't state strongly enough how disgusting this is.  Though they don't allow smoking where they serve food, the smoke from the fronts wafts to the back, and I really dislike that smell while I am eating.  I cannot wait until the ban in solidly in place and Chicagoans will realize just how lovely it is to be relieved of smoke in public places.ummmmmmmm! beer! Great beer and it's beer snobby beer in a totally not snobby atmosphere. awesome food!It can be aggravating to be indecisive and spend 20 minutes or so flipping through the endless beer lists trying to make a decision.go with something you've never tried-- hop leaf has dozens of beers you can only get in a few places in town, and some you can only get there.  The bartenders know what's up, the servers sometimes know what''s up. I love the use of proper glassware and temperatures.I like my beer spontaneously fermented, and so often turn to the large spread they have-- I've been getting my coolship on with Girardin lately. naysayers say it tastes like vinegar. I am inclined to partially agree and I love it that way.prices might seem high, but the markups are not unreasonable-- they are selling amazing product. how much pleasure will you get out of a 20 dollar bottle of beer? lots--most likely.2 big downsides for me: weak vegetarian selections of food (CB&J is excellent but is a RDA of fat) and nothing vegan, and long waits for tables (easliy an hour on a moderate night, up to hours and hours on weekends). worth it? maybe... but next time I'm going around the corner for a falaffel while I wait for a table at which I can have my beers.I usually don't take stars off for things that are out of the management's control, but the Hopleaf is simply too crowded these days (every night of the week). That being said, it's worth coming early or late to snag a booth and sample the most diverse collection of Belgian beer I've seen in Chicago. The "Belgian-style" food is also good (especially the Steak Frites), but a little overpriced, and a fairly limited menu. Be careful to keep track of the higher alcohol content in Belgian beers and pace yourself or you might end up bent over the unisex toilet upstairs, which is somewhat embarrassing when you exit past a line of annoyed beer aficionados.If you want an absolutely staggering selection of great beers, this place is for you. Everything from epic IPAs to mead (although not so much anymore) can be had at Hopleaf. I'm pretty sure that if you ordered a Miller Lite here, you'd promptly be thrown out and spit upon.Additionally, the food at Hopleaf is (expensive) but out of this world. The mussels are fantastic, and the French Fries are guaranteed to be an instant classic.My only complaints about this place is that it's extremely difficult to get seating in the bar area, and they've stopped serving mead for the most part. For shame. If you're a serious beer drinker, though, you should definitely check out Hopleaf.You Should: Make The TripSizzle: Good food, Great beerJuice: Best in Chicago for belgian-style mussels. The frites are worth the trip alone. The rest is hit or miss.This has to be one of my favorite bars in all of Chicago. I love the atmosphere of this place. It's so relaxed and the beer selection is huge. I always end up going on a slow night which helps. Next time I go I might try the food. I usually just go here for the eclectic beer selection.They have Alpha King on tap.  And, and, Dogfish Head 90-minute IPA.  And Crooked Tree.  And so... many... more.  These beers will knock you out.  These beers are like drinking two beers or three beers, so be careful with yourself if you are unlucky enough to not have a residence within walking distance of this bar.  (Heh heh... I'm lucky.)If you are splurging and want to eat as well, they actually do have a couple of awesome vegetarian options.  The cashew butter, cheese, and fig sandwich is something of an enigma to me.  An amazing enigma.  Sure to please.  If you want intimate conversation with someone, then your only hope in hell is to eat and seat in the dining area.  It will be hard to catch up anywhere else, especially on the weekends.  Remember to project your voice.  A lot.  And you'll be fine.  And probably drunk.So with almost 500 reviews, you know that this place has to be good.  Well all I can say is MY FAVORITE PLACE in the city.  The staff is a little on the pretentious side, but the beer and the amazing food are so worth it. On Friday and Saturday head upstairs to the mezzanine bar for a smaller crowd and a place to sit. (The upstairs bar is cash only though with a smaller selection.)  I have yet to try a dish off the menu that I did not enjoy.  The mussels Belgian style are my favorite, but don't forget to try the mac and cheese or the beef stew. The menu is seasonal, so not all dishes are available all the time.I find myself here several times a month and I always have a great time. Hopleaf... I love you!Heh.  You know what's fun?  Showing up at Hopleaf when they open and taking up an insane amount of chairs with your knit group.  And hanging out for hours on end while you all get really, really tipsy.  While still knitting.  Some of us have special 'easy' knitting for these outings.    But yeah, the glares from the people coming in later and looking for places to sit were priceless.  But yeah.  What everyone else said.  And seriously?  The best.  Bar.  Food.  EVAR!    But fancier.The Hopleaf is another place in the city that has an amazing atmosphere. The first time I came here was with my roommate and his parents the day after Thanksgiving. It was a great night to be in the city as the Christmas atmosphere was starting to ring in. When you walk in the door you enter the bar which I haven't really experienced yet as I have only come here for the food. You have to walk through the bar to get to the restaurant part. There are two levels of the restaurant. I love the top balcony because it overlooks the level below and you can hear the chatter below but it isn't disturbing. Again this place is very comfortable, I could sit here for hours and just eat and talk. Food = Amazing. Huge beer and wine list.I loved the sausage plate. Four kinds of sausage and pancetta with white baked beans. I ordered the steak and frites. It was very similar to the steak and frites and had when I was in Poland only the frites come with aioli. Which is probably one of the best things ever. Frites and aioli for days. So good. The mussels here are very good. Two kinds: Belgian and then they usually have a mussels special that changes. I talked about this in my Publican review. The mussels here are very good. Nothing to scoff at but again I would say the mussels at the Publican are better. However if I was going out strictly on atmosphere to get mussels I would choose Hopleaf.This is a great place to bring friends because if there is a wait you can just sit at the bar and enjoy the giant selection of beer/wine. It is sort of out of the way, a bit north, but it is worth the journey as you will leave happy.The Hopleaf has perhaps the best selection of beer in the city.  Great atmosphere with more mature patrons...or at least as mature as one can be while drinking. :)My only complaint is the narrowness of the downstairs bar.  I've only been able to sit there one time as it is usually packed.  Luckily, there is the upstairs bar where there are many microbrews and imports in bottle.  I highly recommend it.I don't like beer.  There I have said it...much to the chagrin of my friends I have never been a fan of the liquid.  I blame it on my older brothers, but really I haven't given it a far shot and I figured that I made it through my college years without it...why try to change now? The days of it being appropriate to play "flip cup" are behind me and I will get my yeast in the form of bread thank you.  This little back-story is needed (I feel) because last night I found myself at HopLeaf...HOME OF BEERS! My friends and I were tried and didn't want to leave the neighborhood for dinner.  We weighed our options and they all felt as though they NEEDED a beer, so I went along.  It was 8:30 and the wait was one to two hours.  ONE TO TWO HOURS????  I HAVEN'T EATEN SINCE 11AM!!! This is what was going through my head, but I tried to hide it.  Instead I played with a friend's iPhone and cursed their beers.  Because I would be damned if I paid $12 for something I was sure I wouldn't like.  My group of five made our way upstairs to one of the many waiting areas and many a beer was ordered.  All seemed to marvel at the selection that was to be had (even though there were no drafts because of a flood and/or power outage in the basement)...Finally we were seated around a table and the food was ordered.  I am a vegetarian (with pescatarian tendencies) and I was afraid that I would have a hard time finding something on the menu that didn't involve duck or sirloin.  I ended up ordering the CB&J, which is a sandwich consisting of fig preserves, cashew butter and grilled cheese.  Sound weird?  This is what I thought, but let me tell you....AMAZING!  Served with a side of macaroni and cheese and homemade fries this was possibly one of the best sandwiches I have had in a very very long time.  I kept saying that it was like taking a bite of fall.  Friends order the tuna nicoise open-face sandwich, salad special and duck sandwich.  All were pleased and more beers were ordered.  Was it worth the wait?  Absolutely!  But when I go back (because I know I will be) I will make sure to eat lunch a bit later in the day and I will probably try a beer (or at the very least a cider).Like the many many others, I have a crush on this place. I've been about 3-4 times and we always get there early so we can find a seat and get comfortable. It gets pretty busy, but always has great energy. Just a bunch of unpretentious people who like good food and drinks and like to hear themselves talk. I am not a big beer drinker, but this place has turned me. I try something new every time and have yet to be disappointed. The list is so extensive I could go on like that indefinitely (though I will be shying away from the odd $45 bottle). The food is amazing. It is almost more gourmet restaurant than bar. The curry mussels are so incredible, I spoon the juice. The frites are the best fries I have every had. They have a fresh potato-y sweetness and are lightly fried. They are even good cold. The aioli is so good, I have to push it away and ask for ketchup for fear of inducing heart attack. I have also had the duck Reuben and the Ham sandwiches...both are really really good. The portions are generous and the prices are fair. Just a great place to spend a night drinking and eating with friends.This place never fails. Great beer, great food and an even better atmosphere! The beer selection is stellar and, unlike most places that have specialty beers, they have a decent selection of wine and liquor as well. My two favorite things about this place are the mussels and for a few months a year they have smelt! It's fantastic! Also, the staff is very friendly and easy to get along with. The only reason I gave it four stars (versus five) is because it can be really noisy in there and the wait can be longer, depending on the night. I would recommend this place to anyone.Favorite pub in the Chicagoland area. Amazing tap list - a great mix of American and Belgian micros as well as a ridiculous bottle list. A great thing about Hopleaf is they have a great mix of local, seasonal, and little known brews to rock your palate. As a proponent of beer nerdery, a solid 2 thumbs and a big toe up. The food is also incredible. As detailed below, a great mix of pub food, American comfort food, and sometimes charcuterie. I recommend the mussels as well as anything they have on special - I've never been disappointed. I take visitors from out of town here frequently - everyone loves it and wants to go when they're back in Chicago. I can't really talk about specific entrees since I've had most of them, but the food is truly delicious, simple and unpretentious.The service is great, but the bar gets PACKED. The kitchen opens 5:30 pm most days, so if you show up around then with your party you'll probably be seated quickly. After 5:30, godspeed. Definitely the best mix of delicious food and awesome beer in Chicago with the personality and atmosphere to match. However, I don't recommend it, as I don't want the place more packed than it already is.Dear God, if you to exist, you should eat here. First and foremost, if you like beer (and I don't) they have a ridiculous list of them. I like Lambic beers and I've tried a few here and most were great. Recently I've been trying their ciders and have not been disappointed.For some people the beer is reason enough but for me the food is what brings me all the way north from Bridgeport (friends too!). I'm a big fan of the CB+J. I've recently had the Brisket sandwich and it was fantastic. The Frites are incredibly seasoned and provided with an equally delicious aioli.Heads up! If you site next to the stove in the main dining area you will get toasty! Seriously, you won't realize it until you're sweating. You've been warned.This place was made for groups, 3, 4 or more. I've never been there alone and I don't care to experience it that way. I've had some of the best dinners with friends and conversations over drinks at Hop Leaf in recent years.I'm a huge beer aficionado, and the Hopleaf is my favorite bar in Chicago. Many other bars serving Belgian beers on tap often don't have enough throughput to keep the beer fresh. There's nothing worse than paying big $ for Belgian beer only to find that the flavor is muted and stale. Bartenders never believe me on this, either, since I'm not the stereotypical beer-drinker (read: bearded, burly dude). Hopleaf's taps are *always* fresh. The combination of consistent quality plus a very interesting, ever-changing beer list makes for unrivaled educational boozing. The food is fabulous, too. Prices are a little steep in the absolute sense, but you get a really amazing meal for what you pay. Their menu has elements of Belgian, French and New American cuisine. It's interesting yet simple, wholesome, and tasty.That said, you have to be strategic when coming here due to the crowds. On Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, show up on the early side even if you're just drinking (6-7). You may still need ninja-esque skills to grab a table, even this early, but it's likely you'll grab one before too long. They'll serve food to the bar area, but if you want to eat in the restaurant (it's nicer) on a Thurs.-Saturday, put your name down by 6:00 or you could easily be waiting until 10:00.The Map Room is the only place that rivals Hopleaf in terms of beer selection and tap beer quality, and it's plagued by the same crazy crowds. The Map Room is a little cheaper, but it's smaller (even harder to get a seat) and they don't serve food.My husband is a Belgian beer snob and this place is his heaven.  We both love the food.  I've been eating here for years, but recently the food just seems better than ever.  They have an extensive list of charcuterie (sorry for the butchered spelling) made from local meats.  Melt in your mouth is not a cliche here.  The pates literally melted in my mouth with both deep and subtle flavors.  Yum for the quail eggs on the side too.  Their salads prove that fresh and seasonal can even taste good and healthy in Chicago in the middle of the winter.  Mussels are great.  Potato pancakes are perfect.  The only restaurant I know of in Chicago with a real log burning fireplace.  Hopleaf is my winter haven.  I want to make it my living room and not leave until May.OK world, you win (I'm happy to say). I was cautiously optimistic about Hopleaf going into the experience. I love gastropubs, and I love Belgian beers, so this had promise to become one of my favorites. I just hoped the hype wasn't empty here. Needless to say, it was not.My wife and I got there at around 4:15 (we heard the wait could get brutal later) and snagged a table right away. Parking wasn't an issue at that time either which was nice.Our server was real friendly and as attentive as she could be, but she was the only server in the whole back of the restaurant so she was pretty swamped. I would think they should have two servers back there to make sure everyone can get beers quickly, but that might have been a fluke of the night.The food and beer took any issue with the service and kicked it to the curb. We started with Sweet Potato Latkes with Chives. They were fantastic, and the little bits of baked spiced apple as garnish really complimented the flavors.  My wife got the CB & J (way better than I thought it would be) with mac and cheese, and holy crap was it tasty (As long as you're cool with blue cheeses). My duck reuben was so good, but the frites and aioli (which is spicy with loads of garlic) were just as memorable, which doesn't happen often.To go with the food, the beer selection is fantastic. Hopleaf focuses on Belgians (great to match with the cuisine), but there are plenty of American craft options as well. You'll be able to get some great beers to go with the tasty food.We will be back, and I suggest you give Hopleaf a try.Yummy, good service.Fairly crowded on the Saturday night I went there. My friend and I drank at the bar while we waited for a table and the rest of our party. Service was good. The bartenders seemed to know a lot about every beer we asked about. The beer selection is extensive and reasonably priced-- much better than many other places I've tried. I recommend Kwak, Rasputan's Russian Imperial stout, and Dragon's Mlik (if you want something heavier), and Matilda if you want something more moderate.The downstairs is crowded and lacking in ambience, but there are some cozy spots in the upstairs. I'll be back again.Only giving 3 stars, yes it has an AMAZING and ever changing beer selection, some of which are too hop heavy even for me.  But I guess it isn't living up to it's hype, and it is suffering from the Yogi Berra conundrum "nobody goes there anymore, it's too crowded"I have not been a fan of Hopleaf in the past at all!  I think with more space and a larger kitchen it is much better.  People are more polite and the food is quite good.  I still hate the beer snobbery but it is now on my list of places I would go.I went for dinner on Xmas eve and though they were serving only the lunch menu for dinner, the entire meal--onion tartine, cauliflower salad, CB&J sandwich, chocolate cake--was perfect.  I'm going back soon!Hopleaf used to be one of my favorite restaurants, and I visited at least monthly if not more often. But the overcrowding is a huge problem, and management doesn't seem that interested in addressing it (no reservations policy) and the staff seems annoyed that you're not willing to wait 2 hours+ for dinner. The food and beer are amazing, though. It's a rare treat now rather than a neighborhood favorite.Hopleaf has a great selection of beers (mainly Belgians) and wonderful food. They also have a sign that says "absolutely no children" or something like that. That is my favorite part about it. Sorry parents, but don't bring your kids to the bar anymore. I'd rather have smoking back than see your dumb baby in a stroller in a bar.Beautiful space, nice people, good beer. (No babies)Before I moved to Chicago close to four years ago, two different people here told me that Hopleaf was right up my alley. After randomly moving to Andersonville (walking distance!), I discovered that they were completely correct.Wow.I've been to Belgium and loved it. Whenever I get a hankering to go back I hit Hopleaf and enjoy fries in a cone, complete with garlic mayo--much cheaper than schlepping all the way back to Europe!A good friend and I go here and pair beer with food courses--seriously! We'll share each beer and food course so as to get a complete palate journey (without getting snockered..good beer has a higher alcohol content!). I love Hopleaf, but beware: this ain't a singles bar. Don't go expecting to find a mate for the evening. Go with someone whose company you enjoy and sit back for amazing beer and ambiance. It's also great for blind/first dates. Trust me on this. Get a booth in the front and even if s/he is a dud, you still get to enjoy amazing beer. (Note: no table service in the front room.)They're also nice about those times you leave your credit card behind the bar and have to come back for it... What can I say? I always like to open a tab while waiting for a table...Hopleaf has a decent beer selection but if beer is your thing then checkout the Map Room on armitage. We went for dinner and had the Toasted Nueske Ham sandwich and the Organic Montreal Style Brisket platter, the latter was all show now taste while the ham sandwich was delicious.I plan to go again but just for the beers. Ah and service was tremendously slow with the place 1/3 full.The first time we walked by this place, it looked like a grungy college bar.  It wasn't till we'd lived in Chicago a year that we realized how amazing this place is. The beers are fantastic, the food really well done and extremely tasty. The staff is professional, fun and completely in the know about the various menus. I confess, we have tried to recreate the mussels at home and they are never as good.A collection of some of the world's finest beers under one roof. Beer is religion at Hopleaf. Everything is served in the appropriate glass at the appropriate temperature, by an extremely knowledgeable staff. Food is great too. If not the best, the second best Mussels in Chicago. And the frites...oh man, the frites.. The menu is not health conscious, but hearty, flavorful fare. This is not a typical bar / restaurant. It is iconic in its selection and menu, and while it may not generate 4 star reviews, it is a 'must not miss' in Chicago.Come for the beer.  Belgian and specialty beer heaven.  They know their brews, so explore a little and ask for help.  You won't be disappointed.Stay for some of the best gastro-pub food in the city.  The brisket is great, so is the Ham and Cheese sandwich... and it's not your typical ham and cheese.  Stacked high with quality ham and numeske (sp?)cheese with a bit of cole slaw and grilled.  I've had the rabbit which is amazing as well.  Don't miss the macaroni and cheese either.This is my favorite place. The food is great. The beer is phenomenal. Yes, its crowded. That's because its amazing. I like to go really early (right when they open) or super late to avoid the crowd. But even when it IS crowded, I like the people there, so its all good. The waitstaff has always been great, and its so fun to experiment and get new dishes. The duck reuben and beef brisket sandwich are favorites of mine... I can't help I'm a carnivore. Get a different kind of beer every time you go! You will learn so much!And... I've eaten the mussels many times and never ever gotten sick!My best friend was in town and, having heard good things about the food and having had a few beers here, I thought it would be a good place to take her (and a handful of our friends). The Great: The beer selection on tap was glorious. I'd love to just sit in Hopleaf all day and try each beer choice. I had the Barbar and it was sweet but not obnoxious. My boyfriend ordered mussels and they were perfectly flavored and  the surprisingly light coconut curry broth made for delicious bread dippings. The exposed brick of the back room lent itself to a lovely atmosphere.The service was just right - not cheesily chatty while managing not to feel cold. The Not-so-Great:We were seated only after our whole group got there even though 5 out of our group of 7 was there. While the appetizers came out really quickly, the food itself took about 45 minutes. This wouldn't have been an issue if we weren't ravenous by the time we'd arrived.Overall, the beer selection rocked my world and Hopleaf made for a really nice place to enjoy a quality meal with some friends.This was my first trip to Hopleaf and I wasn't really sure what to expect.  At first a was a little upset about the 2 hour wait for a table for 5 people... what I meant to say was, I was upset about the 2 hour wait for a table for 5 people until I saw the beer list and very reasonable prices.  In the slightly less than two hours we waited for our table I tried a few exotic beers that were all good (thank you bartender for your suggestions) and they were all only $5 a piece!Once we were actually seated the service was pretty good, we tried the "signature muscles" ( I feel a bit sacrilege saying this but...)and they were pretty good, I don't know if they were the best I had ever had or anything.. but that being said my entree was amazing! I sampled 2 of the other plates on the table and they were great as well.  I will definitely be back!!Ps. The food had good portions & better prices!I really, really, really want to give the full 5 stars because the food is incredible and the beer selection is vast and thirst quenching!  But, the wait... Yes, the hours long wait...The food is worth the wait, but maybe I'm getting old and crotchety, and I abhor waiting forever, particularly when you're with a couple people and you're trying to find a place to stand where you can carry on some semblance of a conversation and not be constantly jostled by the crowd.The waiting area up in the mezzanine is probably the only thing that makes the wait tolerable.  If I had to stand downstairs by the bar,  forget it- no food is worth that crowding.  But, the mussels are delicious, the Montreal brisket fantastic and the Stilton mac & cheese sinfully delicious.  If you have patience and your group's not to large, Hopleaf is the place for you.  Otherwise, get there early and hope for the best!As someone who likes beer from Belgium I was seriously impressed with the selection that Hopleaf has to offer.  I haven't been to many places that have St. Bernadus on tap.I decided to go here on a Friday night which was a terrible idea since this place was PACKED.  Expect to wait at least an hour to get a table, most likely more.  I highly suggest to go here during non prime time hours.  I was lucky enough to get a seat right by the entrance.  The service was exceptional for being so busy.I'm going to join the chorus of people complaining about how crowded it is here.  I cam here one weeknight wanting some beers (no dinner, just beer) and was told I could sit upstairs, which had a more limited beer menu and no food.  It was fine, and I liked everything I got, but my group was here until the upstairs stopped serving, and when we left there was still no room to sit down.  It's cool that they have such an extensive beer list and such great food, but there's no point if people can't enjoy it because they're stuck upstairs with four beers on draft.  I shouldn't have to get here at 5 to be able to sit down.If you want a great selection of Euro-beers, go to the Map Room instead.Easily one of the best bars in the city for those interested in challenging their beer palettes and who also may be looking for good barfood. The big reason to come here is for the Belgian beers--they have quite a few hard to find ones on tap. Their fries, I swear to god, are the best in Chicago: hand cut and with a consistently amazing aioli. Their mussels and fries dish is affordable and about as good as I've had anywhere in the country. I'd also argue that their tilapia sandwich with fries is, in fact, the best fried fish sandwich in the midwest and a steal at $10.If you plan to eat here or settle for a few drinks, make sure to arrive before 7:30--this place is no secret. Most weekend evenings you'll have difficulty finding a seat and may be left standing awkwardly for over an hour before scrambling for a freshly vacated booth.ok, just moved here 1yr ago from San Francisco and this is one of my favorite finds. Food is great, fun combos (duck reuben, bucket o mussels, brisket w/mac and cheese) beer selection is overwhelmingly fantastic, they serve foodtill midnight++ environment warm fun & real. my one recommendation is its not good for groups much past 6 people. Yeah i see these boo hoo reviews - "its crowded, theres yuppies there, the waitress looked at me funny" ---WHATEVER!!  if you like serious food in a boisterous lively pub environment, if you like talking to the tables next to you and actually Enjoying yourself, laughing and talking loud with friends - this place is tops.I should start off by saying that all I ate was the fries and they were quite delicious. I was here for the sole purpose of drinking a good beer, something I hadn't had much of since leaving Portland several days prior. I was definitely happy with the selection and ended up having a couple of drafts that I hadn't tasted yet. I started out with a Hop Stoopid from Lagunitas:  had this in bottles but never on tap, it was quite satisfying. After that I moved on to the incredibly delicious Imperial IPA from Avery Brewing in Colorado. My only complaint is that they served this in a half pint because of the ABV.. Whatever. The place was packed and had a great atmosphere. A little on the pricey side but I think this is normal for good beer when you're not in the NW. Definitely stop by if you're looking for a couple of good IPA's or some tasty Belgians in Chicago.Good food, excellent beer!They don't take reservations, so expect to wait 30-60 minutes if you go for food on a weekend evening. The wait's not too bad, however, as you have a fantastic selection of beer to choose from!Microbrew lovers and beer snobs unite! Being in the realm of both of these qualifications, I thoroughly enjoyed my first Hopleaf experience and will definitely return. Being a lover of Belgian beers, I immediately delved into the Belgian tap list - specifically separated from other craft draft side (also delicious, by the way). Never have I seen such a diverse offering of taps. I had 3 beers - Unibroue Maudite, Hommelbier, and a GI Greenline. All great choices. The bartender let me sample several beers before I made my decision - all for free! Atmosphere knocks down the fifth star - however had I known there was a massive back room, I would have sat there! They should have some tv's. Unfortunately, the bartenders were a bit snobbish and not the most friendly people in the world. They spent most of the night talking to each other, and I had to wave to get their attention. At a brewpub, I like to carry on a slight conversation with the bartenders, at least about their beer. Prices here are appropriate for the beer you drink. Better than Map Room - off the beaten path, but less hipsters. Try it out!With 900+ reviews and a high rating, there isn't much to say probably.  I just want to laud two things:1. The moules frites are insane.  There aren't a ton of places in Chicago where you can get them, but I'll venture there is no where better than Hopleaf.  I can't think of better mussels that I've had, including anywhere in Europe.  Big, sweet, without even the slightest alkaline taste in a single one.  Ridiculous fries and aioli, assuming the fries are double-fried, the right way2. For a beer and gastropub haven, they have some pretty amazing vegetarian options.  So for all you beer-crazy vegetarians snubbed by the other gastropub meccas, head to HopleafI've been here several times, with family, dinner with friends, and on dates...always a great choice. The beer list is perhaps the best in Chicago. The bartenders are knowledgeable and friends even though it is a very busy bar.The food is great, I haven't been able to pass up the mussels, but the appetizers and tastes off plates from others in my group have been fantastic too.The wait can be a bit much. I got there before 6 on a Saturday and still had an hour plus wait, but it is worth it.Went last night with friends, and were fortunate to snatch some seats in front of the draught at the bar.  Beer selection was as impressive as I've seen in Chicagoland for sure.We ordered a side of Frites and Fried Smelts (with pickled cucumber & peppers)...both were enjoyable and complimented the Arrogant Bastard I had.Place was packed at 6pm, we did not eat dinner there.  I liked the upstairs bottle service and open seating for overflow.Would recommend highly if you're in the area...be prepared to fight for a seat though.My absolute favorite beer watering hole.You'd be hard up to find a more extensive beer list, especially if Belgian's are your forte (they are mine). The servers know their shit when it comes to beer, too, so ask away and offer them to surprise you (I do all the time). If you're a beer geek, this is a must-see. Err, must-drink. The food is excellent. I've had almost everything on the menu and I've loved it all. The frittes, the mussels, even the grilled freaking cheese is excellent. My mom has a gluten allergy and they find things on the menu that she can eat and she loves it. I've only ever had one complaint about their food and that was when they switched from using wine to using beer to steam the mussels. And don't get me wrong, I still LIKE them; I just noticed the difference in taste.I've been dreading writing this review because I have no idea how to express the awesomeness of this place in a few short paragraphs. Just go. For dinner, for a snack, for a happy hour. I'll probably be there, too, so look for the little brunette throwing back pints of pale ales and say hi.I like pub food more than 'gastropub' food, so I did not eat here, but it is a great place to stop for a drink. Huge number of interesting microbrews on tap and a good bottle list as well. I was in early on a saturday evening and the place was packed. But bartenders were doing a good job taking food and bev orders quickly, and the crowd was pretty amicable. The best part was the upstairs bar. Quiet room, space at the tables, it was an awesome place to sit and visit with friends and would be good for a first or second date as well. Coat Hooks: NOSpendid! Great selection of beers and food. Great atmosphere. This place is a favorite for my friends!The only downsides to this place is that it can become easily overcrowded and the food is on the expensive side.I am disappointed to give this 2 stars but after going there for the first (and most likely last) time tonight we were thoroughly unimpressed with our overall experience at Hopleaf Bar.  Overall, we thought the place was over-rated, had a limited menu and a beer selection was too overwhelming for those of us who don't consider ourselves beer snobs.Upon walking into the place we weren't directed where to go or who to see if we wanted to request a table.  Problem solvers we are, we figured it out and agreed that a 30min wait for a table in a place as well known as this wasn't bad at all.  Our server was great and encouraged the special and seemed genuinely interested in us as customers.  No doubt this place has received many great reviews applauding its food & beer selection, however its well-revered status did not hold true for our standards.  Though beer drinkers we're not, we would've preferred a tad more direction and suggestion when it came to making a drink decision.  Yes, the beer menu was descriptive and detailed, but incredibly overwhelming for those of us who (again) don't consider themselves "beer snobs".  If it wasn't for the fact that we felt our food was terrible we wouldn't have noticed how long it took for our food to come.  (Appetizer and entree.)  The sausage appetizer was great but we unfortunately cannot say the same for our entree.  We ordered the special which was Rabbit Sausage & Duck (not terrible, but not great) on top of baby food ... I mean, peas in a near puree substance.  Gross.  The other entree ordered was the Brisket Sandwich.  OK - at best.  I would have preferred the bread to be toasted as it got awfully soggy shortly after it was delivered to the table.It's disappointing to say that the best part of the plate was the fries.  Not even the pickle, coming from a Jewish girl!First visit here and I was really impressed.  Huge beer selection and fast service on a Friday night.  The duck Reuben sandwich was amazing,definitely would recommend.  Easy enough to park for free on nearby side streets for anyone driving in.Its true, the place is bigger than it appears, so wonder around till you find your spot. So fun to pick a beer from a list on what seems like hundreds(and it very well might be)...that they have on tap. The food was also delicious...tried the charcuterie trio and the sausage plate...yum. Will definitely be back for more.You won't find a better beer menu anywhere in Chicago!  And it's reasonably priced.  The Squash Wellington entree is very tasty, and I'm generally a meat eater.  The atmosphere is loud but not so loud you can't have a conversation.  Love Hopleaf!!I love this place. I love how extensive the menu is, I love how unique the flavors are, I love the beers. I LOVE THIS PLACE. It fits the foodie inside of me.I've yet to have a bad meal at this place. The food, and the drinks are perfect.I've had some bad service, which is a shame because the food is so good. I understand how busy they are, but it's not even that I've been forgotten... just that my waitress was uninterested in anything. I asked her opinion, and she wouldn't talk to me. I will always return because the food is the best.So I went to the Hopleaf for the first time a few days ago and i will defiantly be back. First of all the restaurant is in the back behind the bar. This meaning kids are not allowed, a nice touch. I didn't even go for the food but was overwhelmed by the quality of the dishes there, the fried sweetbreads were fantastic as well as the skate. Food aside the real draw of this place is the beer selection. I went with a standard Left Hand Sawtooth first that has never let me down. after a that the atmosphere made me become a bit more adventurous and I tried the pumkin ale, it was like drinking fall. and anyplace that serves the Frank Zappa tribute beer "kill ugly radio" deserves five stars in my book.Go for the beer, stay for the food, then keep staying for the beer.Hopleaf is easily my favorite bar in Chicago.  Best belgian beer selection in the City besides Map Room, and the wood work in the front bar area is beautiful.  Beer prices are reasonable for the quality and the bartenders know what they are talking about if they have time to talk.  I kind of miss the way it was before they expanded and started serving food.  It was still always busy even as just a neighborhood bar, but it just felt easier to relax and get a drink pre-expansion.  Everything changes, though.  And to be fair, the food is fantastic and often worth the wait.  Go there during the week if you don't like to wait.  Or better yet, go there and just plan on relaxing and having a few fantastic beers while you wait an hour or so for your table.  According to the reviews below the bar was featured on Check Please and the crowds are even larger know, which I find hard to believe because it was NEVER easy to get a table at this place thursday through saturday nights.I ordered the Sausage Plate appetizer which is $11 and includes 4 very meaty sausages: Weisswurst, Bockwurst, German Weiner and Knackwust. This is served with burbon pancetta in white beans. On the side was a course brown mustard which made the sausage that much better. The beans were undercooked for my taste. To wash this down I ordered the Wild Blossom Blanc de Fleur which I was surprised to find on the menu. Wild Blossom Blanc de Fleur is mead or honey wine. It is made from honey that bees collect from the nectar of wildflowers around the prairies of the Midwest. It is similar to a Riesling and won the 2005 International Mead Competition Gold Medal.Todor Krecuhotfortea.yelp.comDo you like beer? AT ALL? If so, this spot is an absolute must. I took some out-of-towners and fellow beer lovers here last night after getting recommendations from friends and reading the rave reviews and was not disappointed. An eclectic collection of 200 beers are available for your drinking pleasure and I will have to go back to try the food, it looked yummy. Yes, it was a very crowded place, so be prepared to deal with that - it was out of pure dumb luck that we managed to nab a table. But like I said, if you are even remotely fond of beer, consider this your mecca and you must plan a pilgrimage, soon. :)Beer Selection: Overwhelmed and very impressedFood: (Vegetarian) Not so great. Had Mac and cheese, which was ok and what they call "frites". They looked like just regular shoestring fries served with aioli. No choices of sauces, or salad dressings for that matter.I'll be back for the beer, with a granola bar in my purse!!This is my special place. Whenever I feel like going all out, having a great time, spending money the way I want to (on fancy beers and fancy food), I come to hopleaf. Not only is it one of the only bars in chicago without a TV (truly a sign of good taste), it plays its old music softly (allowing the millions of people in the front bar to create their own racous noise). If you were 3 9.5%-alcohol beers deep, you wouldn't mind shouting about existentialism either. Food: Get the CB&J and the white beer mussels!have you ever craved a grilled cheese and a pb&j at the same time? Well this is that, but gourmet! the stilton mac&cheese is supreme!Also, don't miss the fries with aioli garlic dipping sauce!!If you are a belgian beer fan (which i am), you'll love it here. The bartenders are nice and helpful at suggesting a similar beer if your favorite one is out. watch out once you pass the 4-beer mark...you'll be wasted on these thick, strong brews!ps: avoid the mead. blech.I'm crazy about beer.  And so is the Hopleaf Bar--huge points in my book!!!While they may not provide the bulk of their beers on draft, what little they lack in drafts they make up for with their wide selection of bottled beers.  Where else in the city can you score a kriek lambic, a Corsendonk ale, and mead?  And, to be fair, the beers that they do have on draft fairly represent the seriously fearless brew-masters of our own proud nation and of those abroad (namely Belgium--sweet, sweet Belgium).  But don't let the "Bar" in the name steer you away from a solid Hopleaf meal!  They've got the wherewith all to sate your hankering for some ridonkulously well-paired beer-drinking fare with (my personal favorite) moules frites/mussels and fries served with a decadently rich garlic aoli.  Mmmm...or the Sausage Plate appetizer--super hearty and perfect alongside a German beer.  Yes.  I am drooling as I type.  However, I wouldn't attempt anything adventurous there.  I was sorely disappointed with their squash flower appetizers (a special for the season).  Something like $14-16 for three measly, and unimpressive flowers.  A fantastic reason to check it out: having your beer served in the glassware that was made especially for the beer you've selected is quite the treat.  The only downside: this fancy-schmancy beer place will burn a massive hole in your sad little wallet.  The Hopleaf provides quality and expects us to pay for it.  How could they!!!  In a perfect world I would be paid to drink beer and not the other way around.  Alas, at the Hopleaf one must shell out some serious cash to drink more than one beer.  But, really, isn't it worth it?Check out: -their wide range of Belgian beers-their cute, but somewhat squashed and small, upstairs area-their fries--it's a massive serving in a fun presentation, and perfect to munch on whilst savoring every last drop of liquid gold (beer) in your glassI wish I could give half stars on yelp, because if I could I would give Hopleaf 3-1/2 stars. Considering how much I love the mussels, though, I decided to be round up, not down. Here's the thing: the wait at this place is ridiculous. The first time I went there, it took about an hour and a half to get a table and the next time it was close to 2 hours. The latter time, the hostess definitely skipped us, as they gave us two appetizers for free. At least, though, they have that upstairs bar area where you can wait and enjoy their amazing beer selection. Because, oh jeez, that beer list is incredible. Seriously. Amazing...I've only ever gotten the mussels with pommes frites before, and they are incredible. I'm still dreaming of the mussels in a curry broth, which was a special on a night I went. I only wish they had that curry flavor in their standard rotation - it was that delicious. The other people I went with ordered something from the non-mussels menu and the food was just okay. Nothing great, nothing bad.Bottom line: awesome beer selection, awesome mussels, long wait and so-so non-mussel food.I absolutely love this place. Yes it gets crowded because it is AWESOME! Their mussels are delicious. I have convinced a few  skeptical friends to try them and they are hooked. They have beers for just about any taste and everything I have had off them menu has been tastefully prepared. It can get a bit loud at times so if you aren't into crowds you may want to choose another option. I highly recommend Hopleaf. You won't be disappointed.I ate here for the first time tonight, treating a friend to birthday dinner.  I'm amazed at all the 5 star reviews of this place.  Well let me start with the good stuff:1) Beer selection...well I guess that's already been covered here.2)  Mussels....they were good...my first time having mussels3)  The CB&J and the Brisket Sandwiches...they were tasty and unique.  Mac and Cheese is so so (you'll find better at T's down the street)Ok...the not so good stuff:1) Menu selection....small and not a good range in price...it's either 10 dollar sandwiches or $20+ entries.  How about some middle of the road pasta or chicken dishes?  2) Service....now I have been a waiter before...so I know the drill.  We were seated in the upper level of seating and  I did notice our waitress had some tables down below....however...as a former server I think these things are unacceptable:- we were not checked on after our food arrived (appetizer and main dishes!).  It wasn't until we were almost done did we see her again.- I was dry for a good portion of the meal (for non-server people..that means left without a drink)  -also the service was anything but personable She still got a 20 percent tip....cause it takes a lot for me to tip less....but Hopleaf, you need to hire more serves...or train the ones you got.  Maybe you need a floor manager to walk around and assist your waitstaff if you are shorthanded.This place used to be my favorite bar.  Not too crowded, free baskets of pretzels & chips, Huge beer selection ($1 Huber Bock!), and a wonderful jukebox (45's I think).  Now don't get me wrong, the Beer is still great, but there is no more jukebox in the main bar, and the addition of food, good though it may be, made the place way to crowded and loud. Finally more so than now, the staff can be extremely conceited.You can get sneered at for ordering a beer that is less than $7 or $8. Or conversely, when asking how much a expensive beer is, your response might be "More than you can afford".  The bartenders on two separate occasions, didn't know what a silver dollar (Sacagawea or Susan B. Anthony) was.  They almost didn't accept them.  The first time they though it was play money, and the second time thought it was a quarter and I had to make him look two times to get him to understand.All in all, during the day, or week night with the right bartender, this can be an amazing place.  If you can ignore the staff, and the crowds, add two stars.One of my favorite bars in town.  The selection of Belgian beers and traditional Belgian fare is amazing.  Mussels steamed in white ale with frites and aioli, YUM.  Also the lobster stuffed squash blossoms were awesome.  The place is always crowded, (hell, my brother an I had the worst seats at the bar but were quite content)If you love pubs, ignore this review.Hopleaf is okay. It's a pub; it's not really my style anymore. I went with some friends for dinner - a reunion of sorts. Service was surprisingly good for the weekend. I didn't expect to have such a solid server with the large crowd.Food was pub food. I really don't know how to rate pub food. 'Nuff said.I thought upstairs was a better place for dining conversation, but when we went downstairs after dinner, it was way too loud and congested for socializing.I wouldn't recommend as a dinner option. I would recommend as a place to get intoxicated. This review is mainly based on dining experience. I exhausted my pub experiences during my college years. No need to relive it again.Cool and cozy, but always busy so you might have to wait for seats.but this is the only bar that I found that sells Goose Island "Green Line" cheaper then Goose Island! I don't get it but don't really care because it's an awesome beer! Also Excellent selections on tap....I haven't eaten there yet (just beers) but everything look pretty good, mussel & frites looks like their best seller.Outstanding beer collection--Can be a wee bit intiminating to novice beerdrinkers--has that European feel without the pretension--Wonderfuloutdoor space--Can be crowded on weekends--Menu updatedto insure freshness--No chain here--Love it!!!The Hopleaf is a really great bar if you're into beer - their selection is outstanding and the food is tasty as well.  The pommes frites are a must-have.  If you're eating dinner, some of our favorites are the mussels, the stilton mac-n-cheese, and the sausage platter.  We've introduced family members to the Hopleaf and now have cousins stopping in whenever they come to Chicago.The only unpleasant aspects to our visits are that it is sometimes hard to find a table/space to hang out and the fact that they sometimes try to move people out the door on the early side.  Also, try not to get the lady bartender (owner?).  My husband has had a few less-than-cordial run-ins with her.  When asking for recommendations about a porter, the correct response is not to give a scowl and say we have a bunch.  However, for as much as he complains about these run-ins, it has yet to even temper his enthusiasm for returning!BEER BLISS!!!Do not let the outside fool you! It looks a little dicey on the outside, but heaven awaits on the inside. And apparently, everyone else in Chicago agrees.You have to time going to this restaurant just right.  My friend and I were aware of this when he and I went, so we got there at 6:00p.m. on the dot and we were still too late. We assumed since it was pouring rain, the wait wouldn't be as long. WRONG!The problem with this place is that it's so small and cramped that even when you're waiting for your table, it is incredibly inconvenient because you're always in someones way. Unless you're lucky enough to score a seat at the bar which after 15 minutes of waiting, we did. I couldn't tell you how many new and incredible beers I had that night. I can tell you I was feeling good and my stomach was full pre-dinner. My friend that I was with is another foodie, so he and I went all out.We ordered the potato latkes and the German sausage plate as an appetizer and then went on to have meals, more beers, and dessert.We were beyond stuffed. We needed a dolly to roll both of us outta there. The food was out of this world, It's very rich and heavy, so keep that in mind. I didn't eat until dinner the next day. It's definitely a great date place!Is this place usually crowded as hell? Yep! Is there a reason for that? YEP!The food is fantastic and they carry just about every Belgian beer you can think of. It's a Belgian-lover's paradise!!The mussels, the frites, the trappists! It all reminds me of my former home!The tab can be a bit pricey, but they have plenty of beers in the more traditional $5 range and the snack/appetizer food is enough to settle a stomach so you don't have to spend a lot to get some bang for your buck!What impressed me the most though was seeing every single one of my favorite Belgian beers poured right into their appropriate glass, even the ridiculous Kwak (if you've ever seen a Kwak glass, you know what I mean)!Simply amazing. A new favorite!I finally went to Hopleaf after several years of hearing friends rave about the place.  I'm really glad i finally made it there.  The beer selection was superb and the food was excellent.Upon getting there I was really impressed with the decor and the feeling of the place. The beer selection was great and the bartenders were very helpful in selecting some of the great beers I had that night.It took about 45 minutes to get seated which was not too bad and it allowed my friend and I to have 2 of the beers on their draft list which were great.  After being seated the first thing I had to order were the frites as I had seen a bunch of the folks in the bar ordering them and they looked yummy!  Boy, were they ever and the mayo they served with it was excellent.  I decided to order the Duck Reuben as it was the item that plenty of my friends had told me to try.  It was delicious and I really enjoyed it.  The duck was tender and juicy and the sauerkraut and cranberry spread really complemented the sandwich well.  I would highly suggest it!Overall I feel 4 stars was good only because our service was not the best and at times we were waiting for either refills or the check for quite a while.  I would highly suggest checking this place out!A couple of friends and I attempted to go here for dinner on a Saturday night around 8:30.  They don't accept reservations so we assume that there would be a wait but we were stunned when the hostess told us the wait was 2-3 HOURS for a table.  Needless to say we did not go to dinner here so I cannot comment on the food. However, we did end up back in the bar three hours later and it was still packed  but we managed to score a table.  While the food remains a mystery the beer list was quite impressive.  They have three different floors of bars with different beers (and number of beers) on tap.  The place has a great ambiance and we will definitely be back to work our way through the beer list.I'm a bit obsessed with mussels. It's the only reason I went to Hopleaf. Mussels and fries are a match made in heaven. I've been twice now and both times I had the same thing: mussels and steak frites. They have mussels for two which makes it a lot cheaper to eat here. The belgian style mussels are really good. The broth is the perfect combo of butter, cream and booze. You get a good bit of them in a pot they sit on your table. The second time I went I got the wine and pork broth mussels and didn't enjoy them nearly as much. Maybe I only like my mussels cooked one way. The steak frites is bigger than any I've ever had. It's a mountain of fries topped with a huge ribeye steak. I'm not sure how they think it's a serving for one person. The herb butter is the best thing on the plate. It makes everything taste better. Sadly, I can't comment on the beer or any other kind of food. I will try something different the next time I go.My favorite bar in the city. If you are a beer snob this is your place. Huge list of craft and Belgian beers. unfortunately, even though the food is really good they do not take reservations and will not really accommodate large parties. I will continue to come back for their mussels and quality brews, but if I want to eat with more than a couple people I will go elsewhere.Haven't been back to Hopleaf since I left Chicago until last night.As usual, bustling crowd with great vibe and great beer selection.Had dinner with friends outside and the service was spotty and slowish, and the Brisket platter was just "OK."  I won't have it again.The Frittes were excellent, and the Stilton Mac & Cheese was awesome.Pretty great place if you know what to (and not to) order on the dinner menu.I saw this on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and decided it was worth a trip into the city.  There are a lot of good beers, but the food left something to be desired.  I after seeing the brisket featured on the show, I ordered the brisket platter and was treated to about 8 ounces of pretty dry meat.  It took a LONG time to get service and for our food to arrive.  Beers were brought out within about 1 minute of ordering however.  The rest of our food was good, but not amazing.  The Mac and Cheese was probably the best thing we had, along with the potato croquettes. Overall, a great place to drink, but service was sub-par and the food is a little disappointing.I've been wanting to try this place for awhile. Went with another couple on a Friday night around 7:30 pm (probably the worst night and time to try and get a table) and the place was packed.My 50 year old wife was carded at the door so she immediately took a liking to the place. We waited probably an hour for a table but we found a cozy corner beside the bar where we were able to converse and enjoy a couple of the 60 or so beers on tap. The selection is overwhelming although it consists of only American and Belgian brews.We were seated on the balcony overlooking the bar below. The place is very cozy but it does get loud when busy. We started with the belgian-style mussels and the scallop appetizer and both were delicious. Our entrees were the squash wellington, steak and frites, the duck reuben, and the ham & cheese sandwich. All were very good and the frites with the garlic aioli were fantastic. My wife is Dutch so she appreciates good fries with mayonnaise.The negative reviews about rude bartenders and servers were not evident in any of the waitstaff who served us. They are busy people trying to do their jobs.Really enjoyed my experience and will be back, but probably during the week next time.I really don't know much about different kinds of beers, but they have a huge selection from different cities/countries so whatever your preference they probably have it! My friend knew more about beers and helped me pick out the perfect one. The staff was super friendly also! In terms of food, they mainly have stuff with meat/cheese (sounds good but I'm lactose intolerant and don't eat red meat!) but it all looked yummy. I ordered an asparagus salad (I know I know.. what goes perfectly with a beer besides a salad eh), and it was actually kinda small for what I expected from a bar. It was super tasty but on the small side.My friend ordered the tilapia burger with fries and garlic mayonnaise and it was REALLY REALLLLLLY TASTY. I think that probably complimented his beer more than my salad did. I'm from Montreal where mayonnaise is considered less weird on french fries, but then again I also hear many people from Chicago are anti Ketchup, so garlic mayo on fries is perfect!The beer selection at Hopleaf is fantastic.  Truly impressive.Everything else is substantially overrated.  The food:  meh.  It's generally disappointing and tries too hard.  The only exception is the frites - stick to those.  The service:  meh to unacceptable - service is always very slow, and one gets the impression of being an afterthought.  Some waitstaff border on hostile.The ambiance:  charming to look at, but very loud after 6pm.I wish we could do half stars - I'd do 2.5 for Hopleaf.I have been going to the Hopleaf off and on for around 12 years and while the beer selection is second to none and the food is amazing, the staff leave a lot to be desired. On a recent visit 7 of my party of 9 arrived early on a quiet. They refused to seat us until all of our party arrived even though there were numerable empty tables. We were left standing blocking wait staff and customers. We asked again if they would give us a table so we could order drinks and appetizers, again we were told no, they would not seat us until the other 2 arrived. We left and walked down the street to Lady Gregory's where we were seated immediately and had an amazing waitress. I used to love the Hopleaf but I will not be going back anytime soon. I have heard from a couple of other friends that the staff can be snooty and unfriendly. I now know several people who are boycotting the place and I am now one of them. Obviously they don't need or want my money and I would rather go someplace I feel welcome.This is a great beer bar for people that like a large selection of draft and bottled beer.  There is also a full bar for non-beer drinkers.  It is a great place to try new beers if your feeling adventurous, as well as have a couple standards (Anchor Stream or Ayingers).  It gets crowded, but if you are lucky enough to score a table or better yet a booth, it makes for a great night of conversation and beer.They also serve food and have a rather eclectic menu that is full of great things to try.Well what can one say.  Hopleaf is the best beer bar in Chicago.  Had some of my all time favorites on tap at this place.  Best selection of Belgians I've ever seen.  Try the mussels and frites... amazing.  One thing to note.  You have to get there EARLY if you want to get a table.  This is especially true on Fri and Sat.  Otherwise... simply the bestWow, this place draws a LOT of people! Do not go there if you're looking for a quiet night out, it is not going to happen! But, DO go there if you want to have an exciting night out, with lots of people and good food! Amazing selection of beers (the one I ordered was not that good) but hey, there are so many selections for a reason! One for each taste! I just did not pick the right one! The waitress was a little weird, like she was under the influence or something, but considering the crown and demand, she might have only been under the "influence of stress". So, great, food, great beer selection (next time I will stick to the brands I know) and great atmosphere. They lost a start for me because of the poor service and impossibility to have a conversation without yelling!Hopleaf and Guthrie's are at the top of my favorite bars in Chicago, though I've never eaten at the Hopleaf before.  So many types of beer - many of which you have difficulty finding elsewhere.  Lots of people there, but I have never really had any problem finding a table.  Upstairs is cash-only...my only real complaint about the place.Still need to try their food...Have some beer. Hopleaf has an awesome array of deliciously rich belgian ales.  The main floor, admittedly a bit hectic, is first-come first-serve seating.  They also have a mezzanine where groups can comfortably wait for a table, on the second floor.  The menu, which can be viewed from their website, offers indulgent, and very detailed, appetizers and entrees.  I favor chicken, seafood, and gamefowl so I usually do pretty damn well here.****Note to beer lovers abroad, picture an ale selection like San Francisco's Toronado, with the added option of indulgent eats.  Yeah, nice.The best beer selection in the city.The best ham sandwich I have ever had. (increadimazing)Multiple buckets of mussels. My top 3 places in the whole town.Get a Tripel Karmeliet on draft. Now.Recently went here with my girlfriend and another couple for dinner, I was immediately struck by the awesome beer list (I didn't even read the bottle list, though it was large, stuck with the excellent Belgian selection and American micro-brews on tap), as well as it being extremely crowded (showed up at 8pm on a Tuesday). The wait for dinner was an hour and a half, but with the beer selection they have, this is hardly a problem. The hostess remembered what we looked like, and searched us out upstairs before our table was ready, which was a nice touch.Hopleaf is famous for their mussels, but since I'm not a big seafood fan, I ordered the Montreal brisket sandwich on sourdough, which was delicious, and everyone else had mussels. Of note are their fries, which are very tasty (though not super crispy), and come in a huge portion with an excellent aioli for dipping.Small downgrade for the waiter service, which was somewhat inattentive and quite slow, though they were extremely busy and appeared to be low on waitstaff.I look forward to going back to Hopleaf again, both as a bar and for dinner!Very comfortable with a classic old time design.Great food and beer.  The mussels and fries are outstanding!Very good service.An unbelievable selection of Belgian beer on tap. Dont miss the Kwak, which comes in its own wooden holder.   Lots if bottled selections too - but why bother?Excellent food, and very reasonably priced. If this place was downtown it woudl be at least twice as expensive.  A friend of mine went with and thought it was the best meal he'd had all year.I can't even tell how much I miss this place now that I live in Cali. Love the food and great selection of beer!!!Came here early with a large group. No reservations = had beer and ate elsewhere.The beer selection is outstanding. The moule frittes are better in Maidson, WI. The fries in particular, are nothing special compared to other Belgian restaurants in the U.S. and Belgium.We went to visit this place it was mentioned on Dine, Dives host Guy from the food channelThey have a unbelievable variety of beer on draft. I ordered the sausage and bean for appetizer  The sausage was not bad, but the white beans were under cooked.The corn dish was fantastic with that sauce.I had the pork chops, it was good , with the trimmings.. Fantastic pickled peaches..My Friend had the brisket, he claimed it was good (not unbelievable like Guy claims), but rather dry.  I tried it, and compare to my Texas experience, I had better. The have a cool bottle for tap water drinking..This is my 2nd review of Hopleaf. I stand by my first one but I had an extremely horrible experience there recently.Food is still awesome. Setting is still great.  Staff is incompetent.  I brought a party of 15 (knowing they did not take reservations) and after talking to 3 different people about seating arrangements and getting 3 different answers about which EMPTY tables we can sit at over the course of an hour, management said "sorry,  we can't do anything for you." So what's the point of having someone acting as a hostess if they aren't going to accommodate the walk ins they only cater to? Complete morons hired off the street with no service industry experience. The only reason it received 2 stars this time around is because the food is good and craft beers are excellent.This IS the perfect place to grab beers with friends. Even if it does get a bit crowded.Something has gone horribly wrong with the expansion of the space.  The food we had there on a recent weeknight was uniformly bad.  And not like past experiences I have had.  Mussels were small, gritty, and should have been rejected; the wine sauce was bitter.  The Montreal smoked meat was a series of end pieces that were dry and old, just awful.  Even the sides were failures.  The mac and cheese was watery and never set up, and the slaw was worse.  The fries were flobbery.  They need to get their shit together unless they are happy serving great beers with awful food. The second star is based solely on the great space, the friendly staff, and the beer list.My wife and I went there last Sat. for lunch expecting something special.  When we arrived, we were told that although we could be seated, we would need to place our orders at the bar... fair enough.  The menu was small, but we decided to each try the brisket sandwich ($13) and onion ring app. ($6).  The onion rings were just OK and the sandwiches were below average, especially for the money.  What surprised me most of all were the beer prices.  I understand paying $8 for a Belgian, but beers that are normally $5 anywhere else in the city were $6 - $8.  I just don't see the value, especially when there was no wait staff.I have enjoyed coming to Hop leaf for many years and the food and service has always been stellar-until this last visit. I have been raving about this place to a special friend of mine for a long time and finally had the chance to go. The wait on a Saturday at 8:30pm was 45min-1hr., but they seated us in 35min which was lovely. The mussels were wonderful -I always get the fish stock one. It's one of the best places to eat mussels. The frites (fries) however were WAY too salty, but there was no one around to tell that to, so we could enjoy the meal better... My friend ordered the rib eye and again, much too salty- almost inedible. Again, there was no server to help us or check up on us. We had to go out of our way to ask for more water. I had the vegetable wellington which was good. The barley that came with it was too chewy and not as creamy as I had expected. It was a very disappointing experience and has left a bit of a bitter taste. Not sure if I will rave about this place as much or go as often-unless it's just for the mussels. In the end, we were left with the check and no one asked us once if we enjoyed the food or if we needed anything else. Not good service in my eye :(sucks...Can I please have three hours of my life back? I feel like this place stole a piece of my soul and the terrible servers/hostesses are feeding off of it to sustain their miserable existences. NEGATIVE A BILLION STARS. The door guy: The door guy totally tricked me. Other reviews state how he's terribly rude, but he was actually nice to me. He made me believe that the rest of the staff would be like him. Wrong. Thanks door guy, you were the highlight of my dismal night. The hostess: She had a really terrible and painful looking sunburn, which is why I'm guessing she sucked and was rude. My colleague/ the birthday boy asked for a table, to which her response was "Ugh... it's going to be a while- maybe a few hours, I don't know." Confused, we returned to the table, where we were having beers, and assumed she was having an off night. About 45 minutes later she came to seat us and noted that the small cake that we brought could not be eaten at the table, regardless of whether or not it was for a birthday. Hopleaf hates fun, true story. THE EVIL SERVER WHO SHALL REMAIN NAMELESS: Oh my f'ing god Hopleaf, what do you do to these servers??? Are they paid? Are they fed? Do you lock them in the cellar at night and torture them? If not, then why WHY WHY was she the absolute worst person I think I've ever met (and believe me, I have met some truly awful people). We thought at first that she was unable to hear the pitch of her own voice, because she was barking at our table "DO YOU GUYS KNOW WHAT YOU WANT? DO YOU NEED ANOTHER BEER? OH, YOU GUY ALL HAVE FULL BEER GLASSES? UGH, I DON'T HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS, WHY DON'T YOU LOOK AT THE MENU AND FIGURE IT OUT?" Um, ok, we just asked for water, psycho. While we waited an hour for our food, we had to flag down the busboy to get our server so we could get more drinks... after 30 minutes of not knowing whether she took the rest of the night off or not, one person went to the bar and ordered herself a drink. BIG MISTAKE, THAT'S A TONGUE LASHING FROM THE SERVER. We literally got reprimanded by the server, because we were impatient. Apparently 30 minutes isn't that long to wait for your server to check on you. Weird. So, my friend leaves the table to smoke outside, and while gone, I explain to our server that I understand their food policy and ask if there was anything that could be done to acknowledge our friend's birthday (a specialty dessert or drink....). She explains to me that they are an "ADULT" restaurant, and at some point, adults stop celebrating their birthdays-- and that we should try that. I explain to her that it's actually very important to him for personal reasons that he's even here able to celebrate, and she continues telling me that as an ADULT ESTABLISHMENT, they don't do trivial things like acknowledge (not sing, just SAY) happy birthday and will not, under any circumstances, allow us to do so. OK, I get it-- the seven adults sitting at the table are not adult enough for Hopleaf. Hopleaf absolutely hates fun. Instead of just leaving it at that, she then tries to use an anecdote in case I was confused about the simple sentences spewing from her mouth. She explained that she doesn't come into the Gap (where she assumes I work) and try to sell Express jeans. She then goes on to say that if we want cake that bad, we can go to one of our apartments and eat it. WTF. No, no you did not just talk to me that way you f'ing psycho. I told her that she was being rude and should stop speaking to me immediately, but the batshit crazy lady continued, and repeated the SAME EXACT ANECDOTE. I told her that I was not a child and that I understood simple English without the use of anecdotes and that she was being extremely rude and should stop talking to me. We're not talking about my friend having cake anymore, you are now personally attacking me on several levels (pointing in my face, saying "I don't know where YOU work, but if I went to the Gap...", raising her voice, assuming my class/work/living status, etc.) and will not stop talking to me after asking her several times to stop (with patrons from other tables just staring). Oh, and if you MUST use anecdotes to get your point across, at least use them correctly. She doesn't return to our table for the rest of the night, but has one of the bartenders bring up our check. Really? Are you THAT immature and unprofessional? I guess so. After we pay (oh, and she added a very generous tip for herself) the hostess brings back our receipt. You have to be kidding me.I really don't understand how a business can employ people who yell at their customers, point in their faces, insult them, disrupt other customers at neighboring tables, and act generally unprofessional and uncourteous. I have never been treated so terribly at a restaurant in my entire life. Hopleaf is by the far the single worst dining experience I have ever had, all because of this lousy server.Bottom line: Mediocre food, terrible service. Why bother?maybe my expectations were too high- i thought a bar that was open (and packed to the freakin gills) on xmas would have some kind of special. even some nasty, holiday colored shot? a buck or 2 off a beer? nope. there i was, ready to get my holiday drink on, and everything was full price. and at hopleaf, full price= overpriced.you know what else? i realize you are a "beer bar/gastropub," but not many places are open, and i could do without the eyeroll when i order a miller lite (my bad, dude). i ask if they have any mexican beers. not a one. i ask if they have pyramid apricot wheat. nope. hoegaarden? you would think so, but again- no. WTF? i guess i'll shell out for an allagash, or $7 for a measly jim and ginger. and if the bartenders could be just a little more pleasant, this place would be greatly improved (yeah, sucks to work on xmas, but you're there, so move on).i didn't hate it, but it's just another place to get a bougie beer with an attitude.1200 reviews.  I am not a hop head, but will pile-on anyhow.  Place is excellent.  Went here on Saturday afternoon with my sister-in-law and grown nephew.  Had a great Scottish Ale from Two Brothers in Warrenville--this was fantastic and i would never have tasted this.  Had the Montreal Brisquet that was featured on Diners, Driveins and Dives.  Very good ( a little skimpy on the serving)--great fretes--$13.  Very nice place.Hopleaf used to be hit-or-miss in terms of service. In the past, some of their bartenders had plenty of attitude to spare, but recently they've all been pretty damn perfect: friendly, highly knowledgeable, and willing to slip you generous samples if they like you enough. Can't really comment on the food, as their frites are my one go-to, but nothing else in this neighborhood can beat their beer list. I wish I had the bank account to accommodate coming here regularly, as I'd love to sample their newest acquisitions every week. Someday!Another Hopleaf update? I know, this is getting crazy! But I promise I'll make this two-minute read worth your time. Sign up for Hopleaf's email updates via their website as soon as we're done here and fan them on Facebook. This way, you'll never miss a Hopleaf tasting again.Though I've been to Hopleaf close to two dozen times over the past several years, I hadn't yet experienced a tasting. Until last night. About a week ago, I saw a Facebook update announcing the Belgium-based St Martin's debut in Chicago, including an invitation to attend (with RSVP) a free tasting with the brewery's owner/brewer and their importer. It mentioned food as well, but I had Hopleaf's mussels and frites on the brain and knew I'd be saving my appetite for them (and only them) following the tasting.On a bustling Monday night (there are no slow nights at Hopleaf, FYI) I grabbed a bar seat and got cozy with my new favorite Saison, Boulevard's Tank 7. My friend soon arrived and we hightailed it the tasting upstairs (the room filled up quickly; if you want to sit down it's advisable to arrive at the start time). After an introduction, we were invited to step up and try St Martin's blond ale in addition to the first food pairing: The mussels and frites, replete with their garlic aioli counterpart... talk about hitting the foodie jackpot! These mussels are undeniably the best (tried-and-true) mussels in the city. Second up: St Martin's Tripel (move over La Fin du Monde!) and a green salad which brought out the hidden peppery notes in the beer. We finished with the brewery's pride and joy, the Brune. Like other Brunes, you can really smell the date and fig sweetness but that's where the semblance ends. The brewer, Marc-Antoine, explained that he doesn't add any sugar to this beer and that's why the finish is incredibly clean. FANTASTIC. Did I mention this entire experience was complimentary?I'm now extra-inspired to visit Belgium and all her beautiful breweries... Marc-Antoine was so affable and quick to answer our questions. His offer to personally tour the brewery with me + friends should I come visit was genuine and heartfelt. Thank you Hopleaf, Marc-Antoine and importer Mark for the start of an unforgettable evening... of course, we finished downstairs at the bar with a tasting of our own! Hopleaf, you've become both hobby and habit.We like steamed mussels and Duck breast prossciutto .We also like the red cabbage and endive salad, the Nueske ham sandwich on pumpernickel with Gruyere and apple coleslaw, steak frites, fried smelts, and a really hearty wild boar stew with root vegetables cooked in Leffe Brun. But one of the coolest things about Hopleaf is its commitment to the proper way of drinking--many drafts are poured in their own glasses, designed to accentuate the special qualities of each.  Don't miss this bar in the Adisonville. :)5 star beer list, 2 star food. My charcuterie pretty much awful, with a rillette and a mousse being the worst offenders. My friends had a little more success, but overall the food was just a bit off, maybe it was a bad night in the kitchen...I wanted to give a higher ranking because the beer selection is absolutely amazing and the bartenders are great, yet the waitstaff is rude and almost grumpy when asked a question. Two different waiters snapped at me and my girlfriend when asking simple questions like "Where's the bathroom?" and "Where can I find a bottle menu?" We weren't asking for much but we expect to be treated kindly by the people who serve us.Arrived before 6PM, and scored a table for 6. Good start, as were several of the Belgian Draft beers. Downhill from there. The food is unbelievably ordinary. Charcuterie appetizer nothing special, sausage platter fair, with very bland mustard, and the much praised mussels prove that these drinkers have no idea of what good mussels taste like. These were small and not too flavorful, and the accompanying  limp fries not even as good as those at, say, MacDonald's. Enjoy the beer, but go elsewhere for decent pub grub.HOPLEAF has expanded... they have a whole new bar on the other side... Now it is not so packed. They are VERY strict with carding. bring your ID. No Kids. We recently had a variety of Belgian Beers, some mussels, frites and split an entree special.Met up with a few yelpers here (Sam K and Andrew).  I've never been to Andersonville, and it was actually a great neighboorhood.  This bar actually fills up quickly.  I had the Old 38 Stout beer.  It's an American beer.  This bar has obscure beers.  It's a place that I'd love to come to again.I rarely come here to eat, but whenever I do, it seems like I have a very nice meai. Note to self: come here to eat more often. Anywho, they have a great beer list (duh) though it seems like most beers are $0.50-$1.50 too expensive. They aren't gouging anyone, but it is worth noting. I also wish they had more of a real bar area. The front area is always so crowded and the dining room is so...well...dining room-y. The other side of the place is alright, but it still feels unnatural to stand around. Everyone sits at a table like a restaurant. I wish there were some high boys and other furniture that would encourage mingling and sociability. But, I'm splitting hairs - still a great bar and if you are in Andersonville, it shouldn't be missed.You go the Hopleaf because its beer list is extensive, elaborate and quite amazing; because you cannot glance at the menu and order a beer; because their craft and Belgium offerings are worth waiting for a table and ignoring the noisy, crowded and packed interiors; because their eclectic mix is something you don't find very often; because folks at the Hopleaf know you take your beer seriously and that you don't fool around drinking a Bud or a Corona. And because Hopleaf is a gastropub, you might want to pay attention to the food, especially that Rabbit Sausage or the Onion rings, which you never had before or the Mussels, which everyone seems to like it here; and to keep that part of your brain that likes good quality beer with good food happy, you'll want to visit Hopleaf ASAP; because at Hopleaf you won't go wrong with your beer.Given its high marks on Yelp and some good reviews from friends, I was extremely excited to have dinner and drinks at Hopleaf. However, when I went there yesterday with a group of girlfriends, I was extremely disappointed -- bad service, bad food, high tab. I've not had such a bad dining experience since... well, ever. I am a lover of all food; seriously, I will eat anything. It is not often that I leave food on my plate, and it is even less often that I will write something like "terrible service, bad food, won't be back" on my check. But I did, and here's why:I got to Hopleaf before my lady friends. The bar was quite crowded so I meandered to the back of the restaurant, where I was met by a hostess. I said, "Hello. I'm meeting some friends, I'm not sure if they're here yet." The hostess cut me off and said, "Well, I don't know if they're here yet either. Go look for them outside." Her response seemed a bit rude, but I decided to overlook it. I went to the patio, where one of my friends appeared moments later. The patio is nice, but it is extremely dark, and all the tables near the very dim lights had been taken. We sat in a black corner, where we had to use our cell phones to read the menu. When the rest of our friends arrived, the waitress came by and gave us some drink suggestions, which was about all she did for the entire two hours we sat there. Drinks came to the table in an extremely slow fashion. Water had to be asked for more than once. We ended up ordering two appetizers (mussels for two and the cheese plate), which came 45 minutes after we ordered them. The mussels tasted fine, but they were by no means outstanding. There was barely any broth in the dish. The best part of the appetizer was the fries and aioli dipping sauce, but honestly, I didn't come to Hopleaf for the fries. I can get good fries elsewhere without paying $46 for dinner. We asked the waitress for more bread to dip in the broth (we had five people at the table), but like the water, it never showed. A very nice busboy ended up bringing us bread and water. His service was really the only redeeming part of the evening. Additionally, the cheese plate left something to be desired. Maybe it was a poor choice on our part given that we had so many mouths to feed, but this plate was dainty, to say the least. Dinner came a bit quicker than our appetizers, but on the whole, it was pretty terrible. Two of my friends ordered the brisket sandwich, and one of those friends didn't even eat it. She literally gave her whole plate back to the waitress, who just took the plate without even asking why my friend was returning it. My other friend ate some of hers, but she didn't like it either. She said the meat was too fatty. I, myself, had a similar problem with the pork belly and prawns entree. I always jump at the chance to order pork belly because I think it is delicious. I realize that pork belly is a fattier cut of meat, but what I received was so disgustingly fatty that I barely ate it. The prawns were fine, but the corn pudding that came with it was sub par, and the fruit salsa that was supposed to come with it was almost nonexistent. I had one of the most expensive meals on the menu so I expected a lot more from it. Please... don't make me pay $23 for something almost inedible. My next friend ordered the duck reuben, which was better than the other meals, but that's really not saying a lot. It was pretty unimpressive, even though the description sounded inspired. The last friend ordered the soup of the day, which, if I remember correctly, was a ginger carrot soup. She said it tasted good, but for the flowers on top, which, considering the rest of the meals, was hardly anything to complain about. For the main part of our meal, we only had five people at our table. One other girlfriend showed up at the very end for one drink, and then we were charged gratuity for six. I understand that this is restaurant policy, but our waitress DID NOT deserve a $40 tip. Now, you might be wondering why we didn't complain. Well, we would have if our waitress ever came back... someone else brought our check. Usually, I think a restaurant deserves two chances before I make up my mind about it, but one chance was more than enough in this case. I definitely won't be back.Came in for lunch with our friends from Europe. We had a child with us and apparently no one under 21 is allowed, which is fine, but the bartender was so rude. Nasty even. Even our friends were shocked at how curt the man was. Won't be back.How in the world have I not reviewed Hopleaf??  Madness, I tell you.So, I generally don't like beer.  Like, I REALLY don't like beer (which is funny because it's all over my damn house since Justin is something of a connoisseur).  Hopleaf has such a lovely selection of beer that even I can find something I enjoy (Rodenbach Grand Cru and Duchesse de Bourgogne, in particular).I NEVER turn down an opportunity to go to Hopleaf--the place can get super packed and loud and the servers can be a little hit-or-miss on occasion, but boy, I sure do love their food.  The steak frites are great, the Belgian mussels are a treat, the CB&J (cashew butter and fig jam) sandwich with a side of Gruyere mac n' cheese is comforting on a chilly evening, salads are typically quite good, fish dishes have been solid, sandwiches are very good... Basically, I've liked just about everything I've ever eaten at Hopleaf.  For awhile there (maybe a year or so ago), I felt the food had dipped in quality, but I believe it's made a complete recovery and is even more consistently good now than it was in the past.  My biggest beef with Hopleaf is the dessert menu.  The desserts are always fine, but never really do it for me.  I should probably have the cheese plate next time instead... or maybe just another cone of frites and that sinfully delicious aioli.  Give me a seat next to the lovely wood-burning stove, my frites and a tasty Flemish ale and I'm a Happy Julia.  And everyone is happy when I'm a happy Julia!Hopleaf will always be on our list of "must visit" places when we're back in Chicago.  *Sniff*  I miss it already!Seems like a lot of people don't like this place.It was supposed to be pretentious, and yuppie, and snooty, and crowded.It was none of that when I went there.Saturday night, around 10:00 or 11:00, walked in grabbed a four-top right inside the front bar.Looked at the menu to see what was on tap. A good selection of varying beers was on tap, mostly leaning toward the Belgian ales, triples, and dubbles. Some standards, like Chimay, Duvel etc were there.But looking at the off-tap list was better. A lot of beers, organized sort of confusingly. Set up by country and in the case of Belgian beers in which they specialize by type.So they have an impressive list of Lambic style beers, and Belgian ales of varying sorts, but if you're looking for some type of beer in particular it could get confusing. Or if you know nothing about beer, watch out. Though the bartenders seem to point you sorta in the right direction.All of the beers were tasty for what they were. My English Bitter was good even out of the bottle, and served at the right temp.Snooty in that there are a ton of beers sure, but no more so than say a wine bar where you have no idea what the 2004 Napa Cabernet is gonna taste like, vs what does a Gueze style Lambic Cuvee Rene taste like.I have a love/hate relationship with Hopleaf. love: the CB+J sandwich (possibly the best sandwich in Chicago). the beet salad. the amazing beer selection. the atmosphere (when it's not too crowded). hate: how hard it is to get served at the bar when it's crowded. being told by the snarky door guy that the wait for a table was 45 minutes (confirmed by my boyfriend) and after I came back in 40 minutes that I'm obviously an idiot and he told me an hour and a half (not confirmed by my boyfriend). also hate that I once ordered rabbit (delicious, by the way) and took half of it home, only to find the bones of the other half included with my leftovers. REVOLTING, and really indicative of the general inattention of the staff.I do like taking visitors to Hopleaf because it's so much fun, but my last couple of experiences have really soured me on the place, so I'm no longer interested in going there regularly.If you're a fan of beer the Hopleaf may be for you. They have an extensive beer list with all sorts of international goodies, especially Belgian beers. As for the food I love the mussels and the frites. I would give the Hopleaf five stars but its always so packed . Otherwise, I just love this place.I love beer. And this place is mecca for beer lovers in Chicago. I can't believe it's been a year since I went here for a friend's birthday party last December. Not only was the beer selection beyond extensive, I ordered the CB&J (Cashew butter and fig jam sandwich with mac & cheese side), and it was pure foodie heaven. The frites are also SO SO good. God, I need to go back, like, yesterday!The Hopleaf is my jam. I, along with the rest of Chicago, love this place. The beer list is extensive and cheap (River North makes me forget how much alcohol is supposed to cost), the food is killer and the staff are awesome. I wish I lived in the area. As it stands, I come here once a month for This Much Is True. Come for the storytelling, stay for the $5 Allagash Whites. And the mussels. Holy balls, the mussels. And frites. And dipping the frites in the mussel sauce. One of life's greater experiences. Just awesome. It's always busy so don't come starving.How do YOU spell overrated?I knew things would get rough when I walked in the front room of this place and the oracle/divine shaman inside my head intoned, "This place is too crowded and IT STANK!"   We headed into the back room in which we found relief from both of the prior conditions, but we then ordered all kinds of BLAND, TASTELESS, IMPROPERLY SEASONED FOOD.  The mussels (their specialty) were so devoid of flavor that I just didn't eat them - and I was starving - and I'm a greedy motherforya even when I'm not hungry so you know this stuff was plain!  The fries were little crinkly tasteless things, the onion rings were slightly more flavorful, the battered squash blossoms were fairly tasty but, really, were nothing more than glorified pieces of crab rangoon, and the beans with pancetta just formed a plate of oversalted nastiness.  And the beer?  I felt like being a girlyman so I tried the "Bier du Miele" and it turned out to be "Bier du Merde".  Didn't think I knew French, didja?Simply, the best. These are the beer gurus of the Midwest, rivaling my own dear  Monks in Philly. Atmosphere is fun and exciting, and most of the time it's packed. The bartenders are great resources for ideas. This is THE place for Belgium brews. And the list of everything on tap is amazing.Food's a little pricey for what you get. The mussels are great. :)Mussels for two (for one) and frites! Extensive beer collection for the hubby. I'm really not sure why we don't venture down here more often. The food is so delicious and so worth the trip.Mussels, mussels, mussels and some frites with aioli.  I'll be honest, I don't really do any seafood in the midwest, but someway, somehow, you can always count on the mussels being amazing here.  Oh yeah, they have a few belgium beers too.I honestly hate this place.Let me preface this by saying...I love beer.  I love Belgian beer.  I love the beers on their beer menu.  I like food.  I love going out to eat.  I live in the city, and love the area where Hopleaf is located....but I hate this place.  I really do.So, here's my experience.  It's my friend's birthday and he wanted to meet us at Hopleaf, since he lives in Andersonville.  We get there and get in about 2 minutes before them.  When we check in with the hostess, my wife and I say "There are going to be four of us".  She says "is everyone in your party here?" (I realize this is standard), and I say no, but they're right behind us.  By the way, there were tables available for us(???) but they couldn't seat us.  Okay, fine, I understand.  So, we ask if there is availability on the patio.  She says there's a different list for the patio so my wife decides to see how long the wait is out there, while I wait for the other two people in our party to arrive.  In stroll three guys who say "table for four".  She says "is everyone here?"  They say, "the fourth is coming".  She takes the THREE to their table for four.  Okay, now I'm a little bit annoyed, but I didn't say anything...we're here to have fun.  Then our two friends arrive and the hostess says "okay, I can take your name now".   I'm like, huh??  We already gave you our name, but apparently she didn't even take our name because our WHOLE party wasn't there.  That was just weird.  Back to square one.Soooooo....we end up deciding to head out to the patio to eat.  The patio hostess said we could hang out on the patio and have drinks while we waited for a table.  Cool!  So, I head in to the bar to buy beer for the four of us with one of my friends.  The bartender gives me a surly look, but I say  "Hi....so, what's the Allagash White like?".  I figure, since it's a "beer" place, the bartenders would like talking about  beer and know the beers they have on tap.  Plus it wasn't super busy.  He says "It's a wheat beer".  I guess I should have figured that but I didn't so, I said.....we'll, okay, I'll have the Rouge, which was a beer on tap (the big red tap with ROUGE in big letters).  The bartender looked at me like I was some sort of idiot until I pointed to the tap.  Then he says "if you don't like Allagash White, you won't like that"....to which I said, "oh..is it a wheat beer too?  And he said "NO".  No explanation, no anything.  Then looked at me like I'm an idiot again.  So I said I'll try it.  He fills it up and kinda slams it on the bar and says "Six Fifty".  Okay, I'm not done ordering.  so I say, "Aaaannd.....do you have lemonade?  "NO".  Do you have any other sort of citrus like drink (which is what my wife wanted)?  "NO" (still glaring, GLARING at me).  So, my friend kinda sees that this guy is kinda weird, so she steps in and says says "just give me an Oberon" which he goes to get, slams it down on the bar and tersely says "$12.50", then glares at me.  OKAY......AAAND  could I also get a Delirium Tremens?  He goes and grabs it, slams it down on the table and says "19.50" (then looks at me like I'm an idiot).  I was actually floored.  WTF just happened?  I don't get it.  What kind of way is that to treat a patron of your restaurant? I seriously wanted to climb over the bar and punch the guy in the face.  I've never come across such a jackass of a bartender or waiter in my 17 years in Chicago.  Since I couldn't get a lemonade for my wife, she went inside to the bar to get a drink. while the rest of us waited on the patio for our name to come up to be seated. My wife was inside for a long time because she said the bartenders were ignoring the 5 or so people trying to order drinks at the bar. The waitress then goes to get my wife and asked if she had bought a beer at the bar yet. My wife replied no, and the waitress said that our table was ready outside so she could just order one there. So my wife comes back to the patio and then we wait for the waitress to come back out to show us to our table. Then the waitress comes out and says she's so sorry, but she thought my wife was someone else and our table is in fact not ready. The waitress said, "Well, I asked if your name was Amanda." My wife said, "No, you asked if I had ordered a beer yet." Obviously, my wife's name is not Amanda and would have never said yes to that question. The rest of the evening was OKAY.  The funny thing is, the food was actually pretty good.  The beer list is great, but the other thing we had to put up with is the passive aggressive correcting on the names of the (by design) obscure Belgian beer list.  That's just annoying.On the way home I said to my wife that it must be a culture that they cultivate there.  That's the only explanation for the hostile behavior of the staff.  It's weird.  I just won't spend my money at a place like that again.  There are just WAY too many great places to eat in the city of Chicago.It is simply inexcusable in 2012, regardless of how good your food is, how good the beer list is, how nice the new renovated space is, when you sit down for a $70 meal to be charged $2.50 for a (very slow) fountain refill of diet coke and to only discover it when the bill arrives at the end. Owners beware. It stops people like myself from coming back with my million friends in the neighborhood.My boyfriend and I  used to love this place for the mussels, but after our last visit, we will not be back there to eat again. It was a Thursday night and the dining room was busy, but not full.  We were seated right away (crammed in since the tables are too close together there), and given menus and water.  We perused the menu, but nobody approached us again for 15 minutes, even though there were plenty of servers around.  I finally got up and approached the hostess, who went upstairs to find our server.  After a few more minutes, a waiter finally came over and greeted us.  We told him that we were very hungry and thirsty, and that we'd been waiting for 15 minutes for someone to come over, and his response was, "Oh, that is absolutely not true."Whatever happened to the customer is always right?After he implied that we made the whole thing up, we got up and left, and went to La Fonda where we had a great meal with outstanding service.It's too bad, because we used to be big fans of Hopfleaf.  We may go back for a beer, but not for dinner.  We never did get the name of the rude waiter, but he had a long beard.When I lived in the area I used to indulge in the tap every chance I got, this place has easily the most mind-blowing tap I've ever seen. The bottled beer list is like a novel, it's endless, but why even bother when there are like 50 world-class beers on tap? Just don't think you can walk in at 10 pm on Saturday night and get a spot at the bar or a table. It takes more finesse than that.As for the food, I'm sad to see that this place has their Michelin Bib Gourmand designation removed in November 2012, I hope it gets restored soon. The Hopleaf expanded in summer 2012, which totally expanded the dining room and kitchen/menu, but sadly I haven't had a chance to eat there since the expansion. I did eat there once before, however, and was very satisfied. The muscles and frites are very good, worthy of the best moules-frites you'll find in Brussels.Stopped in for a beer before having dinner in the area on Saturday night. This place was jumping at 7:00! We barely got a seat at the bar. Go here early or at an off time so you can enjoy it. But the service was still friendly and plenty of tasty cold ones.I love beer, a lot. Generally, people have a hard time mentioning a beer that I haven't tried. It seems that the stars would be aligned for Hopleaf and I to have a beautiful relationship. Call it chemistry, call it what you will, but something about 'us' just doesn't work. It's not you, it's me. I'm sure other beer snobs have a great time in your cozy seats, but for me there's always been something amiss. I've had bad service, bad beer, and not so good food. I've had these three things on the other side of the spectrum as well, but it's bad more than it's good. I think my opinion of Hopleaf can be likened to a movie that you expect to be amazing. It's not terrible by any means, but by not living up to the hyped up expectations, it falls falls falls way short.Yeah, great beer selection if you can get someone to pour it for you. The owners are really nice.  This place was better four years ago. Crowds are now kind of annoying. I really cant recall ever receiving as much attitude from a bartender as I did at Hopleaf. Good beer yes, but  the bartenders here can fuck off. Really.Hopleaf is incredible. I had never been and after asking around I was very excited to make my first trip all the way up there. I was not disappointed. First of all, the beer selection was fantastic, some of the best beers are Belgian and they have them all. The food was also great. The mussels were amazing (we tried the beer and wine, and surprisingly liked the ones cooked in beer better) and the brisket was very good too. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five, was the service. It was just a bit slow but they were packed as well. Overall, a great experience.OK, my hub has been buggin' me to check this place out since it showed on Check, Please!  It was close to my mom's so after visiting with her one night, we headed to Hopleaf.  I think it was a Wednesday or Thursday, and the minute we walked in, I wanted to walk out.  It was like a nightclub, not a restaurant.  I convinced my hub that we needed to come when it wasn't so busy.  I asked the doorman when the right time to come would be.  He said that business has been consistently busy from 6 p.m on every night since being shown on Check, Please! and that his recommendation is to get here before 6 p.m.  Dinner starts at 4:30 p.m. so we had a window of opportunity.We chose to go back on a Monday at 5 p.m.  Gotta tell ya, perfect time for those who don't like the hustle and bustle of a restaurant that has an atmosphere of a nightclub.  And while my hub was really excited about this place, I think it was just the extensive beer options that really gave him the shivers.  The food was overall, just ok.  The mussels for two ($20)  were decent, I would do them again.  And while the onion rings were tasty, they weren't all that, and certainly not worth $6.  I had the steak frites ($18) for dinner and hub had the Pulled Beef Brisket ($10).  The steak was a little chewy, but what can I expect from a bar restaurant.  It was cooked as I requested and tasty, so not all bad.  Hub's pulled brisket was good, probably would order it again if we went again.   The one thing we noted was all the fries and that garlic mayo thing.  Lots of fries and lots of garlic mayo, yum!!  Would have liked the option for ketchup or vinegar though, but I could see how that would impose on the 'Belgian' style of serving their pommes frites.  The dessert options were all cheesecakes, and since I'm not partial to cheesecakes, no dessert.Now, if you want to talk beer, this is the place.  I'm not much of a beer drinker, but if my hub was writing this review, we wouldn't have even addressed the food.  We shared the Gran Cru ($15/750ml) and then I had the Frambozenbier ($8.50) while he had a red Chimay ($6.50).  The Gran Cru reminded me of Blue Moon, but with more body.  For those who don't like the heavy yeast taste, try the Frambozenbier.  The berry flavor of the beer can make you forget the nasty after taste.  Hub liked the red Chimay but wants to come back and try the others, as well as the other beer options.  Needless to say, if you like good beers, this is a place to visit.  It's too bad they don't have flights.  Somebody want to make that suggestion to them?Overall, Andersonville certainly has a great venue for beers and a decent neighborhood restaurant.  And while we did have to check it out, I wouldn't necessarily go back for the food, but I would for the beer, less the crowd.  Good place to hook up with friends for a couple.I like beer. I like beer a lot. Strike that. I love beer. It can be as complex as any wine and get you messed up all the same. I met friends here for a drink, what happened was I fell in love. When I saw the tap list, time stood still, my mouth became dry, my eyes widen and I couldn't think straight. I finally decided to ease into this experience with an Anchor Steam. Then I tried a Brother Thelonious. Then I noticed that I was just looking at their tap list, they have an amazing list of over 200+ beers from Europe and micro brews. Not only that, they have an amazing food selection, (but the only thing I ate was a pom frite, so I don't want to comment on that until I really eat there), and the atmosphere is a little smokey, but for the beer selection I can suffer until 2008!Oh, I DON'T KNOW.After hearing my boyfriend wax orgasmic on this place for the past eight months, I was game to give it a try any day.When I finally made it to Hopleaf on Monday night for his birthday, I was definitely taken by the atmosphere and the blissful smokelessness of it all. The surrounding neighborhood, what seems like the fringe between Uptown and Edgewater, was shiny and clean, definitely an area I'd like to revisit on a warmer day.And even on a frigid night early in the week, the bar and restaurant were -- pardon the pun -- hopping, and I like that. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked positively scrumptious, and even the beer list seemed tempting.I practically bit the server's head off when she came to take our drink orders. I asked for a recommendation, qualified with the intense desire NOT TO BE RECOMMENDED THE LINDEMAN'S LAMBIC. I've had it before. Too sweet, thankyouverymuch. She recoiled for a moment but quickly recovered and offered a great recommendation. Snaps to her for grace under fire.All five of us, packed around our little four-top in the corner, really enjoyed our beer and the restaurant itself. We were well taken care of.Buuuuuut, snaps lost for really below-average food. Yes, the traditional mussels and frites with garlic aioli were delicious, but you'd BETTER not screw that up if you're a self-respecting Belgian alehouse, right?Based on a Yelper's recommendation, I had the CB&J (cashew butter, figs and some sort of cheese) and was totally grossed out by it. Bad Yelper! Bad! Greasy, drippy and a terrible combination of flavors. And I'm all for combining savory and sweet, y'all. It came with Stilton mac and cheese, which by all accounts I should've loved, yet there was nothing special about it. The fries were, again, amazing, but put all together it was just a big heart attack waiting to happen.The steak frites were a hit at the table, but the beef stew was deemed "too pruny" and I was generally underwhelmed by the desserts we ordered, too. Apple fritters were just fried. Unremarkable. As was the creme anglaise dipping sauce. The blueberry and almond cobbler was just plain tasteless.Come on, Hopleaf! Unlike most people, I didn't come for the beer, but I'd probably come back for more if you gave me a reason to stick around and eat.This is THE place in Chicago for premium imported beer.  I found my new favorite beer, Delirium Tremens, at the Hopleaf.  The beer selection is vast to say the least and the food is fresh and delicious.  The pulled pork sandwich is probably the best I've ever had and coming from an Iowa girl, that is saying something!  Order the frites as a side and you won't be disappointed.  This is one of the few restaurants that I let the servers talk me into dessert... the apple fritters are heavenly.  Come for the beer and stay for the food!so i'll be straight with you upfront and tell you that my brother is a sous chef at the Hopleaf, so regardless of how good or bad our experience here could have been, i'm giving this place 5 stars.and since I was visiting from Austin, along with my Mom and sister from Arkansas, he took the night off, and arranged for us to have a prime table and SUPER attentive service.the biggest obstacle of the evening was finding a path to the bathroom, so all the complaints about how busy the bar/restaurant is, how unhelpful the waitstaff was on a busy Friday night, or how super pretentious the beer snobs were, well, i have no experience there.what i DO have experience with is the food.  holy stars, the food.we were joined at our table by the Hopleaf's head chef, the kitchen manager and a former Hopleaf sous chef,  (along with my brother, of course) so we were definitely offered the best from the kitchen. the arrangement was that everybody ordered their favorite things and then we would swap plates every few minutes.fries.  yes please.  in a big bag that i can carry around the city and munch on randomly.  oh wait, aioli?  i didn't even see that.  HOLY LORD.  and i don't even like mayonnaise.  this is a must have, of course.  mussels.  apparently everybody likes those things.  i'm pretty picky about texture, so while i was adventurous and ate 2 or 3, i wouldn't order them on my own, from here or anywhere.  there was some sort of Scottish Egg thing that sounded pretty gross to me, but it came and i was surprised as to how good it actually was.  (although anything with sausage or bacon is going to be good, right?)my FAVORITE appetizer (which may be off the menu now, since it's seasonal) was the southern fried quail with the most AMAZING sweet potato hash (of course there was bacon in that stuff) i could have had a giant bowl of sweet potato hash...and some of those fries and been a happy girl for the rest of the evening.  (did i mention that i have an affinity for carbs?)we had (first time for me) some amazing rabbit dish (all but my sister, who voiced that eating rabbit was just cruel....as she nibbled away at her venison meat loaf) i think that came with brussel sprouts.  i like brussel sprouts, who knew? venison meat loaf.  YUM.  and i don't even care for meat loaf.scallops (but the boys hogged all of those) and i stole all of the asparagus, my favorite.oh yeah, and my dish, the butternut squash with creamy risotto.  SO yummy, warm, and comforting, but HUGE and after eating half of the forest population earlier in the evening, i definitely couldn't finish....but that's not to say i didn't save room for dessert.  they brought out one of everything, and as we were passing plates around sampling chocolate lava cake and some kind of nutty chocolatey pie thing, i got hung up over these super delicious apple fritters.  wow.  fortunately for me, the boys were very much involved with their beer by that point, so i don't know that i actually ever passed the apple fritters around as i should have.i thought about those things for the rest of the weekend.  i even hatched a plan to go back to the Hopleaf on Sunday before my flight left and beg/borrow/steal a big bag of fries, a second big bag of apple fritters, and maybe even a bag of sweet potato hash for the trip home.  and then i remembered that it wasn't open until 5 and i pouted for a very long time...until i stumbled upon Molly's Cupcakes.  but that's another review altogether...overall, you know what's coming.  a big, fat, buttery 5 stars drenched in bacon fat  from me.   oh yeah, and apparently they serve beer here too...   ;)Perfect place to have a great, great beer.  I am partial to the enormous variety of Belgian beers.  Chimay, Piraat, St. Bernardus, Delirium Tremens just to name a few.  Nice place to start out the night on the weekend.  Come early because the bar gets very crowded.  I try to avoid a mid-week 9pm-11pm beer here because the upstairs bar is only open on the weekends, which makes for an eternally crowed lower level.  Some of the staff are the nicest in the business.  Talk to the bartender upstairs on the weekends and he'll be sure to recommend a beer that is just for you.  The only problem that I have with the Hop Leaf is that I just can't seem to leave sober.  Then again, Piraat Belgian Ale is 10.5%!!!Hopleaf has one of the best European beer selections in the city!  The wine list is quite good also.  If you are looking for a great meal, you will not be disappointed.  The steamed mussels are fantastic as well as the authentic pommes frites w/garlic mayo dipping sauce.  Make sure you get there early or you will have a wait on the weekends.  If you are a beer connoisseur Hopleaf is a must!I'm a beer fan so this is heaven.  Hopleaf was probably 1/10th of the reason I moved to Andersonville.I've been here a jillion times, so I never wrote a review because there's really not too much to add.  The beer menu is great and can always surprise me with something new, and you can always find something seasonal or especially delicious.  Drink your friends' beers, find something you like and explore things similar in flavor.  I found a delicious cellar-aged version of a beer a love, Aventinus Wheat Doppelbock... sooo tasty.  Though this is obviously a German beer, Hopleaf tends to be stronger for Belgian beers.  It sort of sucks to go here on the weekend... way too crowded unless you go early.  It's also not cheap and has gotten more expensive over the years.  I can't blame them, as it's full almost all the time and great beer, but it means I don't go as often as I otherwise would.Dependable food standbys:  Mussels with crusty bread for dipping in brothCB&JSteak FritesNo one at this staff knows how to smile except the bartenders.  I have a long hard job too but i find time to smile.  It's possible.   I was dining with a large group who the majority of them loved their meals.  My husband had the ham sandwich with the fries.  I had the macaroni and french fries.  I wasn't feeling to adventurous.  Thank goodness for that.  This place can't even get fries right.  They were HORRIBLE!  The spices that they used were disgusting and I LOVE all fries so I was super disappointed.  The waitress also forgot to write down our pregnant friend of the groups order.  So the super pregnant friend had to watch everyone eat while she waited 1o minutes for her order.  I would never go back here unless it was to have a few drinks.I love these beers and I love these mussels, but if there's anything I learned from growing up in Wisconsin, it's to build a good drinking base, and if there's anything I learned from Hopleaf, it's that mussels do not build a good base. Still, four thumbs up from me!Oh happy day! Blinking in the sunlight after stumbling out of the movie theater, we decided to head north to Hopleaf, and it made my day! The wait for a table was a solid hour, but the upstairs bar made it go double quick. I loved the vibe of the upstairs area, which was a combination of cozy benches, tables, and a fun little corner bar with an impressive beer list. (Oh, how happy me and my lambic were together!)It got a little too loud by 9 pm, so thankfully, our table was ready. And it was the perfect respite from an hour of turned up volume. We got a great little corner table on the mezzanine, with a view of the downstairs restaurant. And then, things only got better! I think this is my favorite gastropub in the city. The quality of food really measures up to the variety of beers on offer, with creative flavor combos and just lip-smacking taste. I got a CB&J, which put cashew butter, cheese and fig spread within two perfectly toasted slices of bread. And the stilton mac and cheese on the side was delish too.I heart the beer selection here.People have raved enough about the beer offerings, so let me just say that I love everything about this place before 8pm and everything but the hour wait for a table after 8pm. The mussels and fries with aioli are phenom. The aioli will give you garlic breath for an entire day after, but so worth it. Cheerful vibe, good service, fun neighborhood. It gets crowded, but not in an obnoxious way. Good for couples and groups. If you can score a table in the upstairs area, even better!It's impossible to visit Hopleaf and not feel compelled to reiterate what every other review has already stated: best microbrew menu in the city, hands down.  Clearly worth the trek to Andersonville for the beer alone and the food's great too!  Being a huge whore for mayonnaise, I can't get enough of the frites and aioli.  I'd also recommend the duck reuben.  Sure it gets crowded, but for me it's not a deal breaker.  At least you can rest assured that you'll never see anyone ordering a jager bomb.This is a great neighborhood pub and one of the reasons I like living in andersonville.  It's got a fairly laid back vibe and the beer selection and  food are great.THE BEST. Do you remember the first time pure gold touched your skin? The first time you woke up in the morning and saw the changes in the seasons and called it good -this is what hop leaf is as an oasis of awesome restaurantage in a neighborhood full of choices with mediocre quality. Haven't been to vincent yet. Gotta hit up that spot.Headcheese, headcheese, headcheese.... The best I have ever had.  Perfect balance between meat, aspic, spices... And a flight of perfect sour ales available almost nowhere.Hopleaf is awesome for a couple of reasons. One is that it's in Andersonville (personal bias) and not in a trixie-filled area. Another is that it has a MASSIVE beer selection. They even have Allagash White Ale (yay from my home state!). The interior is roomy enough to hold a lot of people, but yeah it's always crowded. The only complaint I have is that once my gf and I tried to have drinks in the backroom because the front was full -- you're not allowed to just have drinks there, you have to dine too. It seems kinda futile to hold that area out and let it go empty when it could be used for people who want to have drinks. But whatever. It's still a great bar.We had a great time at this friendly neighborhood hangout for locals.  The service was prompt and very nice, although I would suggest getting there early as it seems to get packed as early as seven on a Friday .  Probably the best beer selection in the city, almost overwelming - I will try them all in due time....  I saw liquor bottles there but I don't think this is the place to be drinking libations.  A good mix of people here ranging widely in age and culture, which I found to be a great recipe for a local pub.Excellent grilled ham sandwich, decent mussels, yummy french fries and onion rings...  Unfortunately, by the time that you leave it feels like you've smoked a pack of cigarettes, its sooo smoky in here!  All in all though, I would go back, the variety of beer on tap is worth the trip!Far and beyond my favorite spot in this area. Maybe even the whole city. Okay, that's a stretch. But I do love coming here and whenever I have friends in my neck of the woods I make sure to bring them. They have a huge list of excellent beers to choose from and the service is friendly and helpful. If you're looking for something to snack on, get the mussels to share with your friends.Ok it gets crowded. And yeah the service can be slow. Oh but check out that beer selection! Confession: I used to live a few blocks away and it is by far the best late-night food option on that stretch of Clark St. The mussels are fantastic and they come with frites, aioli, and a hunk of bread. And if the pan-seared pork chops with brussel sprouts ever appears on the menu - get it. The Flemish Stew kicks butt too. *Drool*The only thing I liked about this place was the Hoegaarden I drank.  This place sucks only because they kicked us out for having a large group.  We started out small but more friends showed up and the waiter told us they couldn't accomodate our group and told us we had to leave.  WTF???  We were already there at two tables, we just needed a few more chairs.  What happened to satisfying the custy?  Gitdafuckouttahere!  I thought bars welcomed alot of people to make more mulah?  My review is based on this experience.  I never got the chance to taste the food or other beer.  My friends ate but I don't know what their thoughts were in regards to the food.  We paid and had to leave.  I won't be going back.After only have been here one time before, I found Hopleaf to be a charming and very well rounded establishment.  The food was excellent as well as their extensive list of craft beers.  My second visit to what I THOUGHT was a wonderful place turned out to be horrid.  When first arriving at HL, I was HARDLY greeted by the older bartender who looked as if he'd rather be playing in traffic then serving customers.  Being a bartender myself, I found it quite odd that with the amount of clients sitting at the bar that the interaction between BOTH bartenders would be so nill.  Neither were talking to customers.  Call me crazy but with a list of beers as extensive as they have at Hopleaf you'd think at least ONE of the bartenders might be curious to ask "hey how do you like that beer"  or "what beers do you usually drink"?  "might I suggest something for you"  NOTHING.  Every time I ordered they simply dropped the beer off in front of me and walked away.When we were ready to settle up the bartender ran my friends card.  Unbeknown-st to my friend that the tab would be so high, we then VERY  apologetically asked if we might have the transaction voided so that we could pay half with cash and then re-ring the card for the other half.  He grunted and nodded yes to our request.  Somehow however after voiding the first transaction and trying to re-swipe the card, my friends card was declined.  Of course this news was upsetting and surprising as well.  I have worked in the industry for quite sometime now and it's been my experience that once a transaction is voided it is just that.  At this point I tried questioning the bartender as to why something like that might happen, to which his response was "call your bank"  shrugged his shoulders and walked away.  The fucker could give a shit and it truly set me off.     I then said to him that I just found it "strange" that something like that would happen.  To which he gave a sarcastic laugh and said "yeah strange".    Now I'm not one to want someone to kiss my ass in ANY situation, but COME ON...have a little sympathy and understanding for the situation.  Here i am trying to figure this out and this guys being a total heartless piece of shit.  I decided to ask the bouncer for a manager, to which he responded that there "really wasn't a manager".  Oh really???  No manager ha?  yeah I fucking bet.  I'll sum this up by saying that I will NEVER return to this elitist shithole ever again.  If I want an amazing  selection of beer and great food I'll try one of the 50 million other gastro-pubs  swarming the city.Hopleaf never ceases to amaze me.  Its wide range of beer and its delectable selection of food are top-notch.  And you never get tired of the menu as they frequently change the entries.  Unfortunately, that also means they've long removed my favorite Pork Chop with Applesauce entree.If you have not been here before, it's worth the trek.  Because it is a bar and restaurant, you may have to wait quite a while to eat for big groups during busy hours.  But it's scrumptious.The staff: extremely pretentious.  The food and the beer selection are both amazing.  But, the service is horrible and ruined this place for me.  I used to love this place.. and suggested it tonight... but ... alas... everyone in my party felt that the service was horrible.... It wasn't just our server, but the whole staff.  It shouldn't take 20 minutes to get a beer.  Moreover, while, we may not know all the beers on the menu, we shouldn't be treated like we don't belong at your bar.  Snobbiness and pretentiousness doesn't fare well with me...Bottom line: I wouldn't suggest this place unless you want to spend $7 a beer for bad service.I know everyone has a big boner for Hopleaf, but honestly, I've always been less than impressed.  I think their popularity has sort of gone to their head and they don't think they need to bother with their customers because there are always more Andersonville-ians waiting to get in.  And while they do have a vast beer selection, it seems like it is always very heavy on the Belgians, which is not my cup of... beer? It's always SUPER crowded which, good on them, but it's a bummer trying to find somewhere to sit.  On my most recent visit to Hopleaf, I was with a large group, celebrating a birthday. Some of us (including me) wanted to eat, but getting a table in the back area was like getting into Fort Knox.  We stood on the ramp leading back to the dining area for a while, next to what appeared to be a couple flirting with each other, also waiting for a table.  Eventually a server approached us and asked if we were waiting to be seated.  I answered yes, after which the server asked if we were eating.  When I said not all of us would be, the girl who I thought was flirting with her boyfriend stepped forward and told me we could only sit in back if we were eating.  So...this girl worked there and completely ignored a large group of people who were waiting to be seated while she hit on some dude? Lame. And I get it, it's annoying if you're trying to reserve the back area only for people who are eating, but when the front is too crowded for people to even stand, you might consider loosening up those restrictions. So, for a comparable beer list and friendlier service, I recommend Quencher's or Map Room.It's still great a year later! They have updated the beer list to include some good, lower-costing beers. My boyfriend and I split the CB & J, and it was awesome! So delicious, and I highly recommend it! I also like the enormous umbrella on the back patio and the variety of plants they have growing in the back.hopleaf, you have so many things going for you, but consistency is not one of them.  first time i had your brisket with mustard i raved to my friends that it was the best brisket in the city. it was slow cooked, moist, unctuous, had a beautiful pink smoke ring, and fell apart with a fork.  the second time it was basically a solid chunk of pastrami, hard, chewy.  the mussels are average. fries were ok at best (don't worry, most people don't go the extra mile on french fries, so you're in good company with your mediocrity).the CB and J and Duck Reuben sandwiches are excellent though and deserving of a spot on a 5 star menu, but your other stuff just falls apart, dragging your rating down to a 3.This is probably the finest bar in the city for Belgium beer.  The selection is delicious the servers pour the beer properly in the authentic glass.  Its very refreshing to come here for an import draft beer.  Sometimes the door security are annoying if you come 15 min before last call they wont let you in.  The beer is excellent but have a back up they like to pressure everyone out of the bar at close.I will be one of the few negative reviews of the Hopleaf.  I've been going to this place for years.  I live in Andersonville and love it.  I have tolerated the hipsters at Hopleaf for years because I love the beer selection.  BUT recently, we met some friends here to have dinner.  I know they don't take reservations, we were fine with waiting for an hour for a table (there was a large group occupying several tables).  Two hours later, we were finally seated, sitting above the kitchen, we could only smell french fries.  Despite the comped fries for our long wait, the food was just not as good as it used to be.  And it took another 1/2 to catch a waitress to take our order.  I think the 'Leaf is a victim of its own success, I will not seek it out in future.Great beer selection, cool people, chill atmosphere, what else could you want?  I've never eaten at Hopleaf, but why would one need to eat when there's so much beer to be drank!!  Wonderful place, go there for sure!The Hopleaf Bar is a great place to go and enjoy a nice craft domestic beer along Clark Street.  I visited this place with a buddy and we both got a couple of beers and were able to hangout and enjoy the environment.  One downside to this place was that it was very crowded, even on a Tuesday night.  Other than that though, this place is a great place to visit with friends.  Though I didn't have any of the food, I saw a bunch of people enjoying appetizers and meals, and all of them looked great.  I even heard the customers raving about the food here.  I will be returning in the near future to check out the menu for myself.  The beer selection is fantastic, with well over a hundred beers available from all over the country.  The service here is fast, friendly, and professional.  I highly recommending coming out to the Hopleaf for a fun night with great beer and food.Absolutely love this place. Recently expanded restaurant with amazing drink choices. Food is slow food, so that means set aside a longer time to be seated and receive your food... But it's worth the wait. Wonderful atmosphere and reasonably priced drinks make it fun to wait.Loved Hopleaf.  Amazing beer selection, great atmosphere, and of course great food.  They are currently carrying a limited release Two Brothers beer that is one of my new fave beers (Diversey & Lill(e)), which is really hard to find.  For food I had the almond butter and fig jam sandwich and homemade chips and definitely cleaned my plate.  Delish.  I'll be back for sure, just wish Andersonville was a little closer!I so want to like this place.  It's a nice cozy little place with a fantastic beer selection.  What's not to like about that?  But when this place is so packed, cozy turns to cramped, then trying to get to the bar was the next challenge, and trying to get a beer at the bar, good luck.  You would think that getting your beer means that you would have won, but your final challenge is trying to transport your sweet nectar of fun back to your table without spilling it or someone bumping into it.  Makes a Survivor episode look like a walk in the park.  The beer will bring me back, but I'll be here early to avoid the crowds.I'm not sure how it took so long for me to come to here, but even after all the anticipation, Hopleaf delivered.  I came here with five other people on a Thursday at 4pm, not really a normal time to come to a bar.  There were maybe five other people there, but as it got closer to 5 more people started to filter in.  The bartender was really cool.  I wanted a Trappist ale and asked for suggestions.  He let me have a sample of the St Bernardus 12 which was on tap, but I ended up going with the Westmalle Double.  It was awesome, and who doesn't love drinking out of a Westmalle goblet?  The glass type for every beer is listed right by the price, which I loved.  Afterwards I got two rounds of Dogfish Head's World Wide Stout which was on tap and recommended to me after I was told they were out of Goose Island Bourbon County Stout.  It's 18% ABV, so it comes in the tiniest snifter ever.  When I was getting the second, the bartender warned me it was 18%, and my friend said, "Oh she knows."  I like things with a high ABV, so I thought it was really really...really delicious.  Between the six of us, I got to at least have a sip of a lot of beers.  If you trust your friends and are pretty sure they aren't going to accidentally give you mono, I suggest doing the same.  Some of the things I tried and loved: Three Floyds Zombie Dust, North Coast Brother Thelonious, Barbar Winter Bock, St Feuillien Speciale, Greenbush Distorter.  Trying to work your way through all of their beers seems impossible, because there are just so many.They open at 3pm on weekdays (I'm not sure about weekends), but they don't start serving food until 5pm.  You can eat in the front room if you order food through the bar.  So once the back room was all set up, we grabbed a table.  We started off with the chips and the onion rings.  The chips were good, but the onions were fantastic.  They're more like super thin onion strings and come with garlic aioli.  A huge plate of them was placed in front of us, and we ate every single bit.  I got the duck reuben, and unaware of the mound of fries that accompanies it, because I also got a side of brussel sprouts with bacon lardons.  The marble rye bread for the duck reuben was awesome.  I gave away two large handfuls of fries to my friend and was still left with so much food.  I could've easily shared the duck reuben with a friend.The events here seem amazing and make Hopleaf even cooler, if at all possible.  I missed the Dogfish Head Day less than a week ago.  They even had Bitches Brew on tap, so I cannot believe I didn't go.  Despite Hopleaf being a bit of a hike from the Berwyn stop, I will very likely be back soon with my beer-loving best friend.This review is strictly for the dining room area. I've been to the bar which is cool, but the food was a bit of letdown.The portions are small. We were so hungry we ended up at the McDonalds drive-thru. I do have to say though that the beer choices are out of this world. Stay for the drinks and avoid the food.!!Back in the day, before I decided I liked a neat martini best, this was my favorite North-y spot to grab a few brews, bicker with the best of friends, ignore the grungier aspect of the place on an especially crowded night, and enjoy the breadth of the menu. The menu's got its high points, so if you're part of a party that has a discriminating palate but also a mighty thirst and perhaps also a pair of leather lungs to make themselves heard, then you won't want to miss out on Hopleaf. There's something appropriate that this is just a hop and skip away from the more transparently Swedish elements of Andersonville, because it's very much like an urban viking experience. For the picky viking who wants something more than just a Sam Adams or Goose Island to go upscale, at any rate.If your willing to make the trek up north...this place is a good one. The mussels are excellent and if you are a beer lover, this would be the place. Only complaints...The service I've had (sitting at the bar) was not impressive. Kind of rude! Tried to go last night (Saturday), around 6:30 and the bar was packed and very smokey, we ended up leaving.Lincoln Park comes to Andersonville. I haven't tried a lot of the food there but what I had seemed like pretty standard bar fare. The crowd reminded me of LP. Nice beer selection, I guess, but if atmosphere and meeting strangers is the reason you're going out, I wouldn't recommend it.  Keep in mind though, I tend to prefer the dive bars.We love hopleaf and have had a number of delishious visits.  Stick to pub food, be ready to relax in a crowded bar while you wait.  The staff are friendly and efficient.  The beer listing is extensive, specialty glassware and all.  Don't miss the mussels!I'll keep it short and sweetI walked in to Hopleaf with my girlfriend last night to be greeted by what I eventually concluded was a host with a full mouth and plate of food in his hands, but was told that the hostess would seat us in the back if we wished to sit there. We did, so away we went towards the back.There was a sign that wrote, "Please wait to be seated" So we did...............I peeked around the corner further as the hostess scurried out unable to openly greet us, as she too had a mouthful of food. However she was able to stress through the meat that the kitchen was only open for another 30 minutes.After we sat down I noticed 3+ plates on the server station that were in the process of being devoured by each and every individual server. One had the decency to sit in the corner and take up a table that could have been given to a customer had the opportunity presented itself. (Please don't make the customers feel like they're interrupting the servers dinner).The server came over and confidently screamed the specials at us while we waited to order what we had already decided on. And within 2 minutes after we were told by the hostess that the kitchen was closing in 30 minutes, the server reminded us that the kitchen was closing in 20 minutes.The food came out, it was good. The restaurant has a warm and clean feel. The menu is simple and I've seen most of the beers on the menu in most other places.My friend, his date. Me, my girlfriend. 74$ We tipped 20+ percent and said goodbye... A goodbye which was not verbally returned by the host.ADORE this place! The drinks are good and staff are so cool. Yes it gets insanely crowded during the weekends but you gotta get here early. Parking sucks! The area is great.After numerous visits for their extensive beer selection, I finally had a meal here.  I ordered the CB&J - cashew butter & figs - what a delicious combo to have in my mouth!  Only complaint - a bit on the greasy side, but that should be expected due to the nuttiness.  The mac n' cheese on the side was pretty good, but for some reason it wasn't as creamy as I hoped.  Overall, the food was good, I'd try it again as i have heard it can be hit or miss on some items.  Please get your consistency together & make everyday a good day for food.  I love their beer selection and the bar itself, hence the 4 stars.This is a place for people who love good, really good, beer; do NOT get anything else as I was very disappointed by the port available. I love the frites, plus, the desserts I've had have been quite yummy. Only drawback, except that I don't care because of all the good beer, is that if you arrive after 10:30 you will be forced to stand and push your way up to the bar, unless you go and sit in the restaurant.This is a grown-up bar.  I love this place in winter. Everything tastes better when it's snowing. Sit upstairs or in the back, eat some comfort good, have some amazing Belgian beer.Pretty great spot and I was surprised how crowded the place got.  I was also surprised how big it actually was as it's not really apparent from the outside.  Definitely try the mussels if you can handle shellfish.  Good beer selection, but I'm not from the neighborhood so I can't say it stood out enough to make me come back.  If you're strickly looking for a bar anywhere in the city with a killer beer selection, check out The Map Room.I am SO not a fan of places where you have to smash yourself up against  the person standing beside you just so you all fit into the place.  We stayed long enough for a beer, and then promptly headed a few doors down for dinner.  Based on all the great reviews, I might be willing to give this place another chance, but not on a Saturday night.This place has so many beers! Over 150! And a good amount of Belgian beers (my favorite). They have a double sided, laminated beer menu that seems to go on forever! If you feel lost on what to order, you might try asking the waitress for a suggestion. Hopleaf is darkly lit with wooden tables and candles. They have a large back room with high ceilings and exposed brick. Overall Hopleaf has a great atmosphere and a lot of great beers. Also check out their tasty Belgian style pub eats.I visited Hopleaf for the second time last night, and they were pretty busy for a Monday night at 7pm. The last time I frequented this establishment was in December of 2011 on a Friday night, where it was packed and bustling with a long wait. We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking the majority of the restaurant, which was nice.I will break down my experience as follows: The Beer Menu: Hands down, five stars. There is always an incredible draft selection that is broken down into Belgian Draft Beers and other Craft Brews from around the globe. No matter how picky the beer drinker is (ahem, my father who joined me and was looking for a Blue Moon...) there is something to be enjoyed. Our table ranged in choices from an English Apple Cider to an Allagash White, and everyone seemed content. I'm also amazed at the extensive bottle list that Hopleaf has, and the choices can be quite overwhelming! All in all, if this establishment went downhill as a whole, but kept their beer selection intact, I would still frequent it on a regular basis.The Service: Three stars. It appears to have gone downhill since the last time we were at Hopleaf, which as I mentioned was on a busy Friday night and we had a VERY attentive waitress. For it being a Monday night, and slow by comparison, our waiter was slow at getting us beers. Luckily, the first round came rather quickly (after he almost dumped half of it on the floor) so we didn't really notice how slow he was to check on us/replenish our drinks. As for the food, we put in our order within 15 minutes of arriving, and it took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. We didn't get anything too crazy--just the brisket sandwich, the brisket platter, the rabbit, and the Flemish stew, but it all came out piece-meal and slow. This is a problem for me, as I feel that the food should have come out together, or within minutes... not 10-15 minutes of one another. The Food: This ranges somewhere between three and four stars. We started out with an order of frites for the table, which were just okay. Some of the frites were soggy and others were overdone. Although, the side of mayo/aioli was to die for, so this made up for some of the lackluster frites. For the main entree I chose the brisket platter which was pretty good. Sure, it's no Smoque or Smoke Daddy, but their take on it was very interesting. The brisket was somewhere between a jerkey-like consistency and a thin cut brisket. It was served with a small side of mac and cheese which was gooey and saucy and sprinkled with breadcrumbs--everything a good bowl of mac and cheese should consist of. Also, the side of mustard was absolutely delicious, as a little bit went a long way and really enhanced the flavor of the meat. I'd recommend this dish as it seems to consistently be on the menu. My boyfriend got the rabbit dish, which I nabbed a few bites of. The rabbit was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and the dish was a lot larger than I imagined. It was served in a gravy with vegetables and a bread/cracker/crust side, and the whole dish reminded me of a deconstructed pot pie. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy it, and based on the bites I had, it was a pretty great dish! The other members in our party seemed to enjoy their food as well, and I heard no complaints about the restaurant choice!I know I'll be back to Hopleaf in the near future (considering I'm moving dangerously close to this gem in a few weeks) and I can't wait to see what entrees they cycle into their menu, as it seems to change frequently. If you're in the Uptown/Andersonville neighborhood, definitely give this restaurant a go.Their beer list definitely passes for a quality Belgian beer bar.  The fries are pretty good, though not done Belgian-perfect (I had too high of an expectation).  It's always crowded, always lively.  The mussel dishes are very close to authentic, though the actual mussels could use an improvement.I almost gave this 4 stars because of the crowds but the crowds are there for a reason - amazing beer selection and good food.  We've had our best experiences biking there for some daytime beer and food.  At night you might get lucky and find a table near the bar, otherwise you'll wait over an hour for one in the dining room.  The beer though.  Oh, the beer.  And the mussels, and that ham and gruyere sandwich...I went here with the impression that this was some sort of "gastro pub", which is exciting since it is kinda the new restaurant trend especially in the UK.  The beer was amazing, but they are not brewing it, so how can you rate that?  I mean, they do a good job of sourcing the stuff and serving it to you.The food was poor though.  The menu sounded daring and actually pretty impressive, but the execution and final flavor was lacking.  Mussels were pretty good.  Nothing too insanely great though.  And quite a few unopened shells, which means, dead when cooked, not fun. This is something that should not be happening when they are rather expensive.  Our entrees were bordering on not good. I was just so hungry!  I got a brisket sandwich, which had SO much dense fat on it.  I had to pull off about a third of the total volume of "animal product" which was actually fat.  I know how to make a brisket and the fat should dissolve, or be cut out.  The bread was hard and abrasive to eat.  The spread was boring and just mustard.  The frittes and the aioli was super YUM though.  My bf and friend both were under-impressed with their CBJ and spinach feta fritter.  I tasted both and they were kinda not good.  The CBJ was super heavy, especially given that you got fries and mac and cheese as well.  Too much fatty fat.  But not good flavor either, because if there is a lot of fat in something that tastes delish then who wouldn't want to chow on it??The fritter def needed some more flavor and something fresh to counteract the super heaviness of it.I really wanted to like this place.  I gives me hope that my resto that I will open soon....will be the bomb!I am so thankful for Hopleaf being in the neighborhood!  This place never disappoints for a laid-back, casual spot for friends to hang out.  The dining area is not as crowded so it might not be so bad for a date night either, you can go upstairs until your table is ready.  The downstairs bar area gets packed first but the upstairs fills up too by 9pm (at least on the weekends)  The beer selection never disappoints.  Every time I go, I am always able to try something new and different from the extensive list.  The staff will usually let you try something you have never had before so you don't have to make the full commitment blind.  The staff is always helpful and keeps the mood of the place calm, despite people being shoulder to shoulder at peak times.  Defintely a must try for anyone new to the city, even if you don't live directly in the neighborhood.Went here on a Friday night and was happy to see the wait was only 30 mins for a table for 2- the host came and found us personally while we sipped beers upstairs. Very chill and chic atmosphere, with a woodsy warehouse touch.  The mussels in white wine sauce were very good, I wanted to drink the sauce! Its served with fries and the dipping sauce is amazing, garlic or horseradish mayo, I think. I had a smoky pork dish with yummy apple sauce, a type of potato pancake, and a mixture of other tasty sautéed flavors.I'm not sure why the star rating is so low on this one.  I absolutely love the beer and mussels at Hop Leaf.  I would go there everyday if I lived closer.  Yum.  The only bad thing about this place is the amount of people after 8pm.disappointing and perhaps on the decline:+ wide beer selection...+ ...furthermore, particularly eclectic selection on draft- seller's market here--long-ish waits, rising prices, very crowded most nights- oftentimes irritatingly noisy- food quality remarkably inconsistenti distinctly remember enjoying the hopleaf exactly twice.  thereafter i noticed that some of the dishes i regularly ordered were not being prepared to their usual standard, specifically the neuske ham sandwich, which i used to have no qualms about climbing mountains and robbing banks for.  reports from my friends who have since frequented the bar notice the same thing i did, but also that on certain occasions, these dishes are executed by the night's chef with aplomb.  at a certain point, i've become either too old or too impatient to gamble with the quality of a night's meal, and hopleaf simply exceeds my appetite for risk to seriously consider them as a dining option anymore.  furthermore, while the beer selection is admirable, it's not as uncommon as it was a decade ago and we have more accessible--and perhaps less expensive--options to patronize.the good news is that i will remember the "old" hopleaf quite fondly.  but that doesn't do anyone any good.The food was just okay (besides the mussels which were outstanding), the beer list was great. Unfortunately the service was terrible!! My husband, myself and a friend went in this past weekend at about 4:00. We had been moving all day and maybe it was because we weren't dressed "cool" enough, but we were treated rudely from the get go. The server came over and asked if he could get us a drink. My husband was still looking but said "ummm" and he said "yeah, I'll come back" and walked away before we could say anything else. He never asked if he could help pick something out for him or offer a suggestion... nothing, just walked away. It took him 20 minutes to return and I would have left except my friend really wanted to eat there again before he moved. When he did come back, my husband asked him a quick question about a beer he had seen someone else get and the server seemed put out having to answer the question.With just okay food and seriously sub par service, I doubt we will be heading back.nice place for beers. tons of selections! food was okay.  salmon tartar was good. cheese platter was yummy! great selections of cheese.  entrees were so so.  had great expectations that mussels will be delicious...but ill pass on that next time. there were lots of unopened mussels in the pot...A big NO NO!!pomme frittes were good though....and portions were huge! brisket was way too dry. served with side of slaw, mustard, and mac n cheese.  brisket was calling for some au jus! ill just go back for drinks next time...I can't say much about this bar that hasn't already been said.  It is a great place for great beers, but it's just so busy - even on weeknights!  I go when I'm in the neighborhood, but I do prefer the less-crowded places.Do yourself a favor and get the mussels.  They also have beers for every occasion and mood.  That's all I really need to be happy when I go there, but I will say the other food they serve there is pretty awesome too.  They have great daily specials.  The desserts are just OK, so get macaroni and cheese for dessert.This place is ridiculous and slow - good beer selection, that's not terribly hard to find in Chicago. 90 minutes to get your dinner...don't bother coming here if your hungry. Grrrr.Very crowded on a Tuesday which means that it's a GOOD place to go anytime! Their fries + garlic aioli is just divine. If that's all I ate, it would be fine by me. There is street parking but if you check the side streets or on parts of Foster, parking is free so you won't have to hurry back to feed the meter. Another major plus is that you have to be 21 to get in. I am personally not much of a beer drinker but had the Kriek and it was delicious. Probably too sweet for the average beer consumer, but just right for me. They are very knowledgeable about all of their beers (and if you look at the menu, you know that's not an easy feat). I had the brisket sandwich and it was pretty good. I only wish I asked for the mustard on the side. Oh and we finished off the meal with the brownie. It was DIVINE. Perfectly crunchy on the outside and warm and delectable on the inside. Can't wait to stop in again.Really good food with tons of beers from all over.Never in my life have I been more disappointed by a bar or a dining experience.First off I know that I'm not the "regular clientele" that comes into Hopleaf, being that not I'm a hipster, but doesn't excuse horrible service. I was very excited to come to Hopleaf, mainly because the great Yelp reviews and the good word of mouth, but they changed my opinion of the bar very quickly. We were put in the corner of the dining room, which by its self would be ok, no big deal, but with a bunch of other seats open and other two person groups (read, hipsters) getting great seats it was a little annoying to be put in the corner and out of the way. There was a group of four gentlemen that came in about five minutes after my girlfriend and I and they actually got their food before we ever received our drinks. Once we were finally able to order (after more than 30 minutes of waiting without even ordering our drinks) we never saw the waitress again, she didn't even bring our food out or ask us if we were ok, until the very end to tell us the kitchen was now closed. When the food finally came out, it was very greasy and mostly burnt. The fries looked nothing like the ones in the picture provided on Yelp, they were all burnt and I was only able to find about 8 of them that would even pass for edible. My sandwich, the Brisket Sandwich, was actually pretty good, in any other circumstance I would've been happy on it, but with the poor service, and the fact that everything else was either burnt to a crisp or grease soaked, the entire evening was ruined. They waitress couldn't even get the check right, my girlfriend had to go give it to her so we could finally pay and leave, because after dropping it off she had to go flirt with the kitchen staff so was way to busy to let us pay and leave.I was very excited about going to The Hopleaf so my hopes may have been too high, but my girlfriend had never heard of it and she was just as disgusted as I was.Not only will I never go back, I will strongly suggest for anyone I know to stay away as well.CB&J sandwich amazing!!!! Service terrible and they don't care if you like it or not. They think their food and beer is enough. Too bad, if they had great service this place would be my spot! What  a bummer!Very over rated.  Granted they have an extensive beer selection but it is noisy,hard to gray a seat, and the bartenders are so busy it takes forever to get a drink.  I was also there a week ago.  I had the cb& j which was delicious!  I wasn't in the mood to drink so I ordered a coke instead.  Hopleaf charges you for a refill of plain old cole.... Ugh.  Thus makes them sound cheap.We stopped here for dinner. They expanded to double their size. We say upstairs overlooking the downstairs, a great table location. They have a Grady selection of beers. We ordered he sausage appetizer, which was very good, but not enough for the price! It took forever for our food to arrive after our appetizers! I ordered the duck Reuben. The bread was burned toast. All I could taste was the burned smoke from the bread. The waiter took it back for another. The second one came much faster; I'm sure they have me someone else's order, which meant they waited longer for their order. Bottom line, is go back for the beers, but not their food!When I lived in Chicago I wanted to move to Andersonville just to be close to Hopleaf.  Best beers in the city.  Best mussels in the city.  I recommened the mussels steamed in ale as opposed to wine.  The food is delicious and WONDERFUL.  If you live there, are visiting there, have a layover WHATEVER...go to Hopleaf.  God I miss it!What can I possibly say that the other 1200+ reviews haven't said, and perhaps said better? I guess I will just add my voice to the adoring masses and say that the Hopleaf is one of the best (if not the best) bar I've been to in Chicago. The beer, food, and service are all outstanding, and if you were previously turned off by the often overcrowded conditions, the addition of the new space last year has relieved that quite a bit.I have now made a number or treks here, more for the pub and conversation thing than the food, and I have to say I always enjoy the choices both bottled and on tap. I love these places that have 12-15 beers on tap, so you can try any number of them, while you enjoy the it's-more-like-a-British-or-Irish pub type ambiance here. People are more free and easy and friendly than so many places. Maybe because the proprietors and employees  are so good at creating that unpretentiously chummy atmosphere. Well, I for one, love it. Never know whom you will meet. I had an interesting conversation with an Ex-Mormon terrorist there.This place is freaking amazing. This is a place you go to if you really appreciate beer. They have an amazing (belgian style focused) tap collection and an equally awesome collection of bottles. The staff is very knowledgeable about the beers they have and can expertly make suggests based on flavors or other beers you enjoy. They can get pretty busy here on weekends, especially around dinner time but thankfully they have an upstairs bar as well. I've only ate here a couple times but the food has been excellent both times. If you go off hours it is significantly less busy and makes for a more relaxed experience. Yay for great places in Chicago!I love the Hopleaf. The variety of fantastic beer paired with passionate food.  It is hard to find another restaurant that does the gastropub thing any better.  This place does get crowded and the wait can be annoying but like any good place they have a bar to tide you over so don't complain.  First and foremost I think the beer is what makes this place and everything else is the supporting cast.  The rotating tap list always has your favorites and beers you have always wanted to taste from a fresh tapper.  The beers in bottle catalog they give you really put this place in another league when it comes to beer.  Though mostly concentrated on Belgium style, you can find brews from all over the world.  You will be salivating when you read it. Now when I said everything else is the supporting cast, I mean that the food is like having Paul Giamatti playing the comic relief.  Oscar nominated for sure.  The food seems to change with the seasons and with the beer they have on tap.  But the mainstays are there for a reason.  The mussels are worth it for an appetizer or entree, comes with expertly fried frites.  The duck reuben is really original and tasty to boot.  And the brisket pairs well with about every beer.  I have always enjoyed my food and the portions are good.  Service is well maintained, they get people in and out pretty fast.  If you can get in there early before the bartenders get slammed you will meet some nice people who know beer and especially how it will link to your food.Great beer, mussels, and fries with aioli.  It's busy ALL of the time, but if you're lucky enough to grab a table, you're in for a great night.The mussels are decent....the Tilapia sandwich is awesome! Mussels come with fries but you have to ask to get an substitute side.  Customer service is moderate!Best bar in Chicago.  Hands down.  Yes, others come close, but *none* have the variety of Hopleaf.Love that this place doesn't allow anyone under the age of 21!!! I'm a mother & a teacher so I like kids - just not when I'm having dinner at a restaurant that serves alcohol!  Maybe it's just me - but isn't drinking when your kids are around just um tacky? The thought to order a drink when my daughter dining with us never occurs to me and she's 16 now. Anyways we ordered the mussels, brisket, and a side of brussels sprouts!  Everything was delicious - I especially love comfort food in the winter time!Haven't tried the beer or the mussels but I'm given' em five stars for the Montreal-style smoked brisket. As close to the real thing as I've had in the States--now all they need is some poutine!Great selection of beers and very good food!  One of my favorite places to go with friends for a good meal and drinks!Best beer menu in the city.  They always have a few belgian quads, which makes me a happy girl.  Only place that I found in the city for several years that had La Trappe Quadruple.  Excellent mussels and to die for fries.  a gem.Awesome place. I'm a beer lover and they have tons of beers from around the world. My favorite is Kwak in the beaker. Never ahd the food except from fries my friend stole from another table that were pretty tasty. I love the music, usually plays Jazz. The bartenders are friendly and have a fast response.  Everytime I go, I enjoy myself, good times.I wish Yelp had a thumbs up functionality like FB--I am quite sure I can't add much more praise than has already been paid to this place.  We went on a Sunday night at 8 and it was packed; clearly an indication of its following in the hood.  I slurped down a Barbar (or two), soaked some mussel juice in bread from my boyfriend's plate and killed the grilled ham and cheese all on my own.  The food was hot and delicious.  The ham in the sandwich was extraordinary--hard to explain and the cheese was extra gooey.  I really liked this little spot.Nothing but love for this place.  Bring a full wallet, you'll need it to try all of the awesome beers on tap.  The food is pretty good too-the frites are always a must order, and the CB & J was pretty tasty as well.  Ultimately, everything probably tastes better than it really is because you're drinking 8% beers before you even think about ordering.  Delicious belgian 8% beers.....I realize eating out isn't always the healthiest but this place takes it to a new level. I had read a couple of reviews that mentioned how fatty the meat was but I didn't think you could get and they shouldn't be able to serve a pork chop with that much fat on it.Great taste with all the fat but not much meat left when you're done trimming. The steak frittes is a ribeye so I can only imagine how much they give you on that one.I'll be back for the beer but until the chef decides to have a little more regard for his patrons health I won't be eating.Great beer selection.  They have Three Floyds Gumballhead on tap which is enough to make me happy but lots of other good beers too.  I'm usually here to drink but had dinner once and the food was good.  The downside is that this place can get crowded.  They also have a great outdoor area in the back in the summer but you still have to go back in to order drinks.  They have a third floor which could alleviate some of the congestion at the main bar but you can't get tap beers.  Overall great beer selection but some downsides make it lack perfection.Is it a Microbrewery or is it a Bistro?  Both!  When's the last time you went to a pub and got amazing Coconut Curry Mussels?  I am a recent Andersonville transplant and this is my new favorite place to go!  The service is unbelievable.  Every time my little "mussell shell bowl" was 80% full, a magical being swooped in and provided a fresh, empty one.  The beer was great and the prices reasonable as well. YUM!ah, this is the first beer bar i fell in love with before moving to chicago.pretty big place, 2 floors, outside area in the summer, and most importantly: TONS OF DELICIOUS AMAZING BEERS.never ate here, but i hear the food is great.crowd is kinda mixed in terms of age, but overall fine.gets kinda busy on the weekends and seating gets weird if you have more than a couple people.but overall: great.beer bar - 5 starspub food - 3 starsdessert - 2 starsThe Belgium-style mussels and garlic mayo fries are delicious here. Their menu goes beyond typical pub fare and displays creativity while maintaining quality. The beer selection is famous. Dogfish Raison D'Etre is my current fav.This place sucks donkey balls unless you like really crowded bars, noisy restaurants, shitty service and terrible food. I dined here last month with a date. Not only did I not like my date, I REALLY didn't like Hopleaf. We were there for the food so I cannot comment on the beer selection. I'm not into beer anyway, so it likely would not improve the star rating. We were seating at a cramped tell in a very, very loud dining room. Our server acted bothered every time she visited our table. I ordered the steak frites. DISGUSTING. I could not believe how gross the beef was. I wouldn't serve that dustrag looking cut of meat to my dog. It was so tough that the flimsy steak knife almost broke in two and stabbed another diner. The frites were fine, average at best. There are far better restaurants and bars in the area.pomme frites with the garlic mayo and huge beer selection.  i'm sold!(the mussels and reuben and organic ribeye steak aren't bad either).I would trade my iPhone for the Mussels and the Beer selection...and by iPhone I mean my right leg.  And my right leg is my dominant one.  I mean...the beer list is a damn novel.This place is unfair, amazing beer amazing staff (anyone who had a bad experience with staff must have been putting out dumb vibes). Their food is addicting and crav-able. MUST GO NOW.It's hard not to love the steamed mussels and frites, and I'm not even a huge seafood fan. And the selection of Belgian and multiple other varieties of beer is tough to beat. This place gets supercrowded on weekend nights, so get there early if you're eating, or plan on waiting a while.Why is this place soooOOOoooo gooooood?? And 2 blocks from my boyfriend's house! Woo-hoo! :) Okay obviously the beer selection is crazy amazing, but the food, let me tell you about the food.  THE MUSSELS ARE AWESOMESAUCE.  Especially w/ the belgian-style fries and garlic-aoli dip.  Last week I went there and had:(1) the crazy tasty mussels (always crazy tasty) (2) crazy tasty scallops (like, really really tasty, done just right)(3) a crazy tasty fish sandwich (though, by this time, I was a little too full to have a lot of it) I just went to The Girl & The Goat for a special occasion, and I actually felt like the flavors at Hopleaf rivaled top-chef associated places!  I love you, hopleaf! xoxoAmazing selection of beers and tasty apps.Fruit Fies will destroy any good food served...Please schedule an exterminator..I will be back and give another reviewMy man and I live just a block away and are fixtures here and I have always said that the Nueske Ham sandwich would probably be on the short list of my all time favorite foods.  After last night-I need to make room for another.  The chef has changed up the menu a bit-don't worry, the ham sandwich is still on the menu, but there are some new items for fall-one of which I tried-was the vegetarian entree-the squash wellington-Squash wrapped in a delicious pastry and AMAZING sauce with a side of brussels sprouts.  This was hands down the best meal that I have ever had at Hopleaf.  Just unbelievable.  Now I have yet another reason to go back to this place.!!! A++++++ Everything is just done right here!I suppose having the cities largest beer selection is good.  I suppose  I'm glad they have peach lambic for the non-beer drinkers.  I guess it's a 'cool' bar and the food is good.  Except that I find the beer selection to be a bit daunting...one couldn't possibly see all they have to offer on the menu in a reasonable amount of time...you really do have to be a beer lover to enjoy their selection of alcohol...and it's not 'cool' to stand all night in a smoky bar (cigars, too...yuck) and pay top dollar for beer and eat mediocre food in back, also for top dollar.  $22 pork chop that was over seasoned and $24 salmon that was too fancy for it's own good but sure didn't taste like it...oh and it took 55 minutes to come out without any explanation from the waitress who was avoiding our table.  She knew something was wrong and when I asked what was up she said "they got slammed"...which I would have believed if I were in one of the parties that came in AFTER me and ordered AFTER me...I got my food AFTER all of them finished eating.  Don't make me feel unreasonable for questioning a nearly hour long wait for food, on a Tuesday...  I know you're wondering how I know how long it took and I will tell you...I had taken a phone call just after we ordered and when it started seeming like it was taking a while I checked the time of the call.  I'm guessing most of the 5 star reviews are for the bar and beer only.  Now, a place that does what Hopleaf does and gets it right on all accounts is the Three Floyd's Brewery and restaurant in Munster, Indiana...they are what I want Hopleaf to be...fantastic, reasonably priced, interesting food and great beer that's brewed 50 feet away.Alas, they are not...3 stars I guess, for having potential to be better next time...Superb Belgian beer and the food is good too.  The menu changes often so it's hard to find a favorite except for the mussel's and pomme frites.  Most of the things I have tried on the menu have been stellar but one time I came before the kitchen closed and ordered a steak and it was quite possibly the worst cut of meat I've ever paid for.  That's the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.  Other than that my experiences have been quite good and the service has ranged from decent to very good.I can't tell the diff between a good beer vs. a bad beer, so I came here with a friend who wanted to show me what a good beer was. He ordered the Delirium for me, which was delicious and also the strongest beer that I've ever had. Others in my group also each got beers which I got to try, but mine was my fave, and now I finally understand what it means for a beer to have hops...I'm lame I know :( Extensive choices, cool atmosphere, good service, would return.No doubt best bar in chicago for beer.  not a stretch to say best beer bar in US, nearly perfect, other than one or two cranky bartenders.  great selection of beer, yummy food, hidden from evil suburban waste-oids.Im not sure its possible to walk out of this place sober.  What a beer AND food menu...i had venison the night i was there and it was outstanding, absolutely outstanding.  So was the beer...we got to the point (mainly because of said beer) where we would just open the beer menu, close our eyes, and point to a random page.  Wherever our finger ended up, that was the beer we would order.  And not a single one was poor.  Great place...its just hard to get to unless you live north.  Would defiantely go back.Words can't properly describe how I feel about this bar.  It's the equivalent of my beloved wife in a restaurant...nearly perfect in every way.  This is seriously my favorite bar in the world.  The only way they could conceivably improve would be to ban smoking.  I would consider this a gastropub; the caliber of its food is amazingly good.  Best mussels in town and a nueske ham sandwich that will blow you away.  Oh, and the fries are also among the very best in the city...served thin and fresh with delicious garlic aioli.  Did I mention that it has the best Belgian beer selection in the city too?  On tap no less!  I cannot recommend this highly enough...you must, must go here.  Immediately.  Oh, one addition: everyone says the apple fritters are really good and they're only just ok.  Skip them and get another triple karmeliet.Not sure what else can be said that hasn't already.  One of the best beer selections in the city.  I don't even like Belgian beers all that much and they still have one of the better American craft brew selections around.  Haven't tried the food (other than mooching a bit here and there off friends) but I've heard great things.  I wish it wasn't so crowded all the time, but that's what comes with such a great reputation--which they've definitely earned.One of the best beer bars in the country.I've been going to this bar for the last 10 years. I absolutely love the new addition. I don't get to stop by very often but I love to eat dinner here.If Hopleaf were in Wrigleyville or Lincoln Park, the place would be dominated by college-aged kids (or those just-out-of-school kids who think they're still in college). Thankfully, it's not! For me, it's worth going a 25 blocks north to go to Hopleaf.  The beer selection is unrivaled -- sorry, kids no $5 Miller Lites bottles here -- just a lot of great Belgian beers on tap and a HUGE selection of bottles from all over the world.  Everything I've ever had on the menu is outstanding, particularly the Belgian-style mussels (I know, I'm not the first to say that.)  Whenever I'm there I look at other people's menu selections and want to try it all -- even my bf's wild boar stew, which is something I would not ever try in a million years.  Hopleaf is a great place to go for the beer or stay for the food -- or even go for the food and stay for the beer. Either way, it's a win-win situation!I guess there is nothing novel about recommending the mussels, but there is no shame in being one of 411 people to say they are superb.  Otherwise, I haven't had a bad bite at Hopleaf.  Hype worthy.  Just don't contemplate not ordering water and no beer on a Monday - the waiter might respond - so, you do realize that you're at Hopleaf, right?  Hey waiter guy - I can order dank beer lots of places.  While I love your beer selection and respect it's elite nature, the food is what sells me on Hopleaf.REally? Average of 4 stars for this place?? Overrated.There was this wonderful smell in the air when we entered Hopleaf. The wonderfulness stopped there.Every time we asked the waiter for something he was rushing to get away from our table. The wait for each order was lonnnnggg...this poor guy who was sitting next to us waited probably 25-30 minutes before the waiter came back with his DRINK and took his food order. The food itself was really meh...They didn't have the beer by Ruination that my date came to Hopleaf for (it was in the beer menu); so he had another beer which was okThe only really good thing about it was the dessert, chocolate something. Now that was yumm.But considering the meh food and poor service, the tab at the end of the night wasn't justifiable.Did I mention overrated??Since my husband and I are big fans of Belgian ales, Hopleaf was the perfect bar for us.  We went in on a Friday night and had to wait about 30 minutes for table.  But this was not a problem since there was a small bar upstairs that was not crowded where we could drink.  I had a sandwich and pommes frites which were good and definitely better than "typical" bar food.  Also the bartender and wait staff were incredibly friendly.I was gonna write a review for Hopleaf but i figured why bother?Great beer great food. This place is way out of my neighborhood but I am more than happy to take the time to head over for a meal. I love the mussels. Give it a try.Hopleaf is amazing.  If you live in Chicago, or if you're just passing through, you owe it to yourself to grab a nice Belgian brew and some delicious mussels.Let me preface this review with a simple platitude: If beer isn't your thing, look elsewhere. That being said, I happily report I hate beer. Confused? Don't be, read on!To celebrate the birthday of my best friend's wife (who is also my good friend) we celebrated at the Hopleaf. Given that my best friend and his wife are beer connoisseurs to the max. Walking down the microbrew aisle with these too is akin to "done it. done it. meh. had it. yum. done it. etc." ... So, suffice to say they were jazzed to go to the Hopleaf given it's amazingly deep beer menu. I myself am not a lover of beer at all. Luckily the Hopleaf did have other fine drinks to peruse. Since I like lambic (wild fermented fruity beer) and hard ciders, I was happy to see "Original Sin", a granny smith hard cider from across the pond. And for 5 bucks I felt like i was getting a deal. Some of the beers on the menu tip the wallet over 10 dollars a glass. For the hops aficionado... I take it that this may be a pittance to pay for the experience. But enough with the drinks. Suffice to say: there's plenty of choice, and the staff is both knowledgeable and helpful (so I was told, more on that later.).The menu itself isn't large, but everything on it says "upscale". The prices however are truly a deal all things considered. The table started with the sausage plate for an appetizer. While it was only large enough to grant each person at the table 1 large finger sized sausage, and a pair of potatoes ("german" hot potato salad made with fingerlings)... The flavor was excellent. My sausage was well cooked, had a nice bite and snap to it, and provided homemade whole grain mustard was hot, but well made. The potatoes were simply amazing. I'd go back for JUST that salad, honestly. Tossed in apple cider vinegar, garlic, and bacon. At 12 bucks, it was a tad overpriced, albeit amazing to eat.Entrees, entrees, entrees. My best friend had a brisket sandwich. His wife and my wife both settled on the Duck Reuben. The brisket was tender, and well seasoned. The duck reuben was well received, albeit my wife wasn't the biggest fan of the house made sauerkraut, nor the marbled rye it came on. All the sandwiches came with a mound of hot pomme frites served with house made aioili. I myself opted for the "House Specialty" Mussels. For 12 dollars I received a heaping bowl full of truly tender, perfectly cooked bivalves in a Belgium style broth. Steamed in an Wittekerke white ale w/ sliced shallots, celery, thyme & bayleaf... the broth while a tad salty, could almost be eaten by itself. Combine that with a cone of hot frites, and a pair of crusty house made rolls... and you have a truly wonderful meal. While I was warned by my best friend "Mussels are no entree" ... he was wrong in this case. Suffice to say, between lapping up the broth, polishing off the pile of mussels, and soaking the rolls up... I was very satisfied. And for the money? Can't be beat.A few more beers later, and the table was ready for dessert. Each of us tried something different (for obvious sharing later)... apple fritters, a stout laden chocolate mousse, a petite lemon tart, and honey profiteroles with wine soaked berries were ordered. At 8 dollars a pop, once MIGHT say they were a bit over priced, but at that point, full of beer, frittes, and good food, we could have cared less. The fritters were ample, hot, and delicious. The mousse had a beautiful dark and bitter undertone from the stout. The lemon curd in the tart was perfect while the pastry shell lacked finesse... and the goat-cheese stuffed cream puffs were just a tad too much on the tart side. Our server wasn't necessarily attentive. It was almost as if he were trying harder to be a patron than a waiter. Several times whilst we tried to flag him down, I'd noted he probably needed to save his strength for his band's debut at the double door. The laughter at the table made it easier to forget that our server was more enthused to look like everyone else ("That perfect mix of yuppy, preppy, and hipster") than wow us with service. All that being said, let me make it clear: The food is amazing, and fresh. It's well paired and cooked with the abundance of booze within their storerooms. The drink selection is staggering. The prices for the food may offset your expensive beer tastings... and ultimately, we'll be back to sample more offerings in due time. Kudos to the brewmasters and chefs at the Hopleaf.Had a great ham sandwich and some ok fries.  Nice atmosphere and what appears to be a superb beer selection.I can only add more accolades for the outstanding beer selection and superb mussels.  The rest of the food is pretty stellar as well.  Yes, it's often crowded and they don't take reservations, but if you can get there early on a weeknight, the food, beer, and cozy atmosphere are more than worth it.Fantastic beer selection. No domestic, which is fine because if you wanted a Miller Lite, you probably wouldn't be here anyways. The mussels are very good, but I think over the years, its gone down a bit. Still very good, though. The fries are amazing. When you have great beer and good, what more could one ask for? Try the Triple Karmeliet beer or KasteelRecently moved into this neighborhood and this is one of the first places we visited.  I love the atmosphere and their mussels are some of the best I have had.  They have such a great variety of beer. Service can be a little slow at times, and they do get very busy during the weekends.  Overall this is a place that I will continue to go visit.Tasty Beers, tasty food and great atmosphere.  Mussels!!!  Very enthusiastic Ya Mon!!! Because the Wooden Head Knows.Hands down best mussels and frites in Chicago.  I can't comment on any other food here because I love their mussels and frites so much that I can't bring myself to order anything else.  If I were to go for breakfast, I would still have to order the mussels and frites.  And beer.  The beer list can't be beat.  The ambiance is also fantastic - very cozy.  Definitely one of my favorite places.Best beer selection, and delicious but pricey menu.  The expansion helps with the crowds. I love this spot.I'll make this the 585 review and say thank you, Hopleaf, for all your leafy goodness. I don't really know what that means, but, it's supposed to translate into "many choices of many beers makes me the happy." Who doesn't need a little happy?If you're in Chicago for one night and you don't stop in to Hopleaf, what's your problem?  Delicious food, ample beer selection, so what if you have to take the Red Line El up from The Loop.  Make it to Andersonville for a taste of the Hopleaf.My boyfriend, an avid beer aficionado, found this place and we were both excited to go - the reviews said it had great food and beer. We both ordered corn chowder soup (good) and two salads (both really bad). They didn't have a hefeweizen on tap (thumbs down from me), and their bottle list was significantly out of date. Add to that the slow service (although nice), it's highly unlikely I'll return.Quite simply my favorite place on Earth. The encyclopedic beer list is hands-down the best in Chicago, no arguments - it always contains some local stalwarts such as Alpha King, Daisy Cutter and Green Line, as well as more interesting brews from the Chicago area's finest microbreweries. It also manages to bring in limited-edition selections from important microbreweries from around the nation (Dogfish Head, North Coast, Sierra Nevada, and New Belgium are frequent fliers), as well as a long list of Belgians that are difficult to find elsewhere in Chicago. And that's just the drafts - the bottle menu is Delirium-esque in scope. They have everything from Italian brews that taste most like Champagne to all the Belgian Trappists (apart from the impossible to find Westvleteren). If you want Bud, or even Sam's, go to the Jewel, because you won't find standard offerings on this beer list. Go to town on some stuff you've never heard of, and perhaps will never encounter again!The food is also uniformly divine. I have quite simply never had a bad bite here myself*, and I've probably eaten here 2 dozen times. The moules frites are the best I've tasted anywhere, including Europe - the mussels are perfectly tender in either preparation (one of which is always Wittekerke Belgian white with onions, and the other of which varies seasonally), and the frites are delectably thin and crisp, and are served with a garlic aioli that is delicious enough to be bathed in. Seriously, I detested mayonnaise in all forms before eating this stuff, and still do detest mayonnaise unless it is this stuff. It's that good. The CB&J is worth all of the googol of calories it contains; the bread is deliciously buttery, and the fillings (cashew butter, fig jam, and smoked gouda) compliment one another like a tripartite version of the yin/yang. As if it wanted for decadence, the sandwich is served with Stilton Mac and Cheese. The Montreal style brisket melts in your mouth while still retaining its meatiness and is well-seasoned (and is probably best ordered in platter form, as the bread simply cannot stand up to its juicy excellence). All specials I have ordered (fried smelts and rabbit stew are two that leap to mind) have been spectacular. As you can probably tell, this fare is not for the faint-of-heart, or faint-of-calories-in-diet, but if you're willing to splurge, it is well worth it.All in all, I have never had anything less than an excellent time at the Leaf, whether eating, drinking or both. This is a great place to come with groups of friends, or even on dates (provided you go during the week or early enough that it isn't packed yet). It deserves its reputation as the premier gastropub in Chicago.*I will say that other friends of mine have had bad bites here. I have heard that the Duck Reuben is unimpressive, although I can't stand cream cheese and thus have never ordered it. Nevertheless, I reserve my 5 star rating, as I personally have never experienced a bad bite of anything hereWith over 1,000 Yelp reviews there is not much to say about Hopleaf that has not been said already. I journeyed there tonight with my wife and a couple of friends and had a great time; awesome selection of craft beers and very nice menu with interesting, good quality food that is far superior to typical pub fare (and extremely reasonably priced to boot). Hopleaf has the vibe of being in a pub in Europe; it is a bit noisy but not uncomfortably loud. There is a large bar area, a back dining room and a small loft (as well as a beer garden for the warmer months). This was my first trip to Hopleaf in a while and the evening started off a little awkward when I was carded by the bouncer; as I am closer to qualifying for a senior discount than I am to being underage this was kind of a tacky manner to be greeted in a place that has the reputation for being upscale and sophisticated. During prior visits to Hopleaf I have had to wait for a table (it is a very popular venue), but fortunately tonight the dining room was not yet at capacity and we were immediately seated once our entire party arrived (it was a Wednesday evening around 6:30pm).My wife and I started off the evening with a round of their beers at the bar while waiting on our friends. Hopleaf has a vast beer menu and there is a nice description of each of the approximately three dozen beers on tap (with one side being U.S. beers and the other imports - mostly Belgian). Most are priced in the $6 to $7.50 range and all come with the appropriate style glassware. This is a place for beer aficionados; asking for Bud or Miller here would be akin to ordering water at Coyote Ugly. The bartenders are knowledgeable if you are not familiar with the beers, just let them know what kinds of beer you like and they will hook you up with something similar. They also are flexible with permitting you to sample a couple of beers before making your selection. I started with a Golden State Ale (brewed with poppy seeds) by Uncommon Brewers that was very good. I had the Half Acre Daisy Cutter Pale Ale with my meal which was extremely hoppy and delicious. Once our friends arrived we were seated in the dining room. For food our table wound up sharing several appetizers and the CB&J sandwich (Cashew Butter, Fig Jam and Raclette cheese pan fried on sourdough served with chips and stilton mac n' cheese). Appetizer wise we went with their famous mussels (which were steeped in a white ale sauce with shallots and came with a very large cone of fries), the Chef Martin sausage plate (served with bourbon pancetta beans), the sauteed veal sweetbreads (served with pickled beets and broccoli) and an extra order of the stilton mac n' cheese. With the exception of the sausages the portions were extremely generous and everything tasted great. The entire meal (including tax, tip, and a beer a piece) came to just $22 per/person, so really a great bargain for food and drinks of this quality. Despite mainly ordering just appetizers, the portions were so large and the food so hearty that we were pleasantly stuffed. Our service was pretty much run of the mill. No complaints as she was sufficiently attentive, the food and beverages came out at a decent pace and no mistakes were made with our order or tab, but neither the servers nor the bartenders displayed much charm or personality. They just were pretty much about business. Hopleaf is definitely among the better venues in Chicago for sampling a variety of craft beers and for upscale pub food. Due to their tendency to become crowded (and their no reservation policy) I recommend coming on a weeknight if possible or arriving early. Very nice overall experience.Atmosphere, great?, check!! Beer selection outstanding?, check!!! Private table for two?, check!!!! HAIR in my sautéed Brussel sprouts PRICELESS!!!! The cooks need to wear hair nets!!!!! I will go back for the beer, the food will take some time.More beers then I have ever seen outside of a liquor store. But watch out there at no prices on the beer menu.Great beer, awesome bartenders and staff, good atmosphere for drinks on a weekday, I just wish they had more veg food options.and i don't drink. Seriously. but the apparati with which to drink is just fun to watch - and a definite plethora to choose from. And the food! to Die for. Mussels for two are most excellent (on special marinated with white wine and lobster bisque . . mmmmm endless bucket, five of us shared) plus pommes frites with aforementioned sauce de garlique - and cabbage salad - most excellent. The rainbow trout was incredible, and all of us sharing - well - it was all just incredible. definately a "go back to" - friendly staff, a little overcrowded, but the crowd was trendy and laid back - so it was fun, rather than meat market. absolutely a five all around.i will say that if you like imported and obscure beer to the point of obsession, then yea, this place is right up your alley. each time i visit Hopleaf i try something new. you can't have more than a couple of brews though because you start to burn a hole in the pocket but those few are worth numerous, shitty millers.i came to hopleaf to see a reading by mark danielewski and that was fantastic. it was in the upper room with that itsy bitsy bar! i LOVE that itsy bitsy bar. in a place as crowded as Hopleaf can get, a little haven away from hectic can hit the spot!One of my friends told me he knew this awesome bar that I just had to try. Being as adventurous as I am with bars, I said why not, packed my girl in the car and went to Hopleaf. I knew nothing about the place until I got there and saw it was a Belgian bar. As soon as I realized this, my face was like when a cartoon character sees something beautiful. My eyes bulged and "oooooooooohhhhh" was the only thing that came from my mouth. Before we ordered, we walked to the back to get our name on the waiting list for a table. This is my only point of contention. You don't take reservations? That is kinda weird. They said it would be 45 minutes to an hour and we went to the bar to wait. We ordered some delicious beer (I ordered the Urthal which had a nice smooth taste) and got lucky enough that a table opened up as soon as we had the drinks. About 20 minutes passed and they called our name. We were seated in this awesome upstairs section looking over everyone. The dining area is decorated very nicely and you would never know it if you just hung out in the bar. Now my companions were boring and ordered the steak frites which they enjoyed. I on the other hand wanted to be adventurous, so I ordered the rabbit soup. It was perfect. The rabbit had been cooked perfectly, and even sitting in the broth, it stayed tender. It was a really great experience and I owe my friend for recommending Hopleaf.Note: If you are driving, get there early because you will be driving around forever for a place to park.This is clearly the best bar in Chicago, from an objective "I don't know the bar tenders and I'm not a local" point of view. The beer selection, in bottles and on tap, is beyond phenomenal - probably the best I've ever seen. (Especially their choice in beers. They may have fewer taps than a few places in Chicago ( a very few) but all of them are serious quality.) The food is also very worthy of the beer - the lamb was great, as was the steak-frittes. The Hopleaf makes other gastropubs look like sports bars, and that's a good thing.Good selection of beers, try the De Koning. I won't go again to the restaurant.Had my first rendezvous at Hopleaf last Friday night. Was definitely a happenin', diverse crowd with an equally happenin' and diverse beer list. Was lucky enough to snag a table on the second floor bar and chilled for several glorious hours. Bartender was very kind and helpful. I'll be back.Beer awesome! Service, not so much. Food, meh. Then again, I'm black. I'm used to food with flavor.Clearly nothing left to say here but having had my first trip, FINALLY, I will concur in it's awesomeness.  Happened to stumble on a Five Rabbit day of the dead release party so that didn't hurt a bit.  Word to the wise, sugar skulls look awesome but they taste like shit.Hopleaf has the most amazing selection of beers and the list is always changing!  They also have amazing mussels.  It has multiple floors and different party rooms.  The decor is amazing in the back room!I don't know what I can say about this place that hasn't already been said in the 160 reviews that preceded mine, other than to lend another opinion of legitimacy to the good ones.  I had a Lagunitas Sirius Ale before dinner and a Saison du Pont with the mussels which I had to order of course.  There wasn't a single thing about this place I didn't enjoy except that they don't have some amazing type of super sampler which I could have used to try the other 10 food items and 50 beers I wanted to try.  We waited about a half hour which didn't seem that bad since we found a couple of spare chairs to hang out in up front.Hnnnng the CB&J was SO GOOD. Great selection of beers, a little on the pricey side. We sat in the bar area, so we had to go up to the bar to order food. Seems like it wouldn't be that difficult to have a couple of waiters, but whatever. I'm definitely coming back.I've been to several beer tastings here, including a St. Martin Belgian beer tasting! Awesome beer! And now the St. Martin Brun's on tap. Awesome food as well! Only problem (for the customers) is both the bar and the restaurant get pretty crowded, pretty quickly, but the expansion space they are building out just south of the current site should hopefully help.Great selection of amazing beer's with great presentation in awesome glasses. They have opened up the back and have a restaurant there too with a menu that I have not sampled but looks very interesting. The beer alone is really enough to get me there.This is what a pub is supposed to be! Amazing selection.. Still not sure what's better, the food or the beer.. Pub food as it should be! Go.So many beer choices, beautiful lighting at night, and my friend and I ate duck with gorgonzola, walnuts and grapes....life was good.Decent belgian food though I really go for their beer selection.  The only downside is the beers are over priced, even for the area.  If we're jsut comparing beers though, I'd say go to Map Room.My favorite beer bar in the city.  I've heard complaints that the staff can be a little snooty, but that's just because they are busy.  Since they have been on Check Please they have been too busy for my taste on the weekends, but I don't hold that against them.  The food (mussells!) is fantastic, but the reason to come here is for the beer.  An enormous list of beers focusing on Belgian ales and Belgian style Americans make this a must stop in Chicago.  Probably one of the best beer bars in the country.i really like beer. i really like mussels. i really like a lot of other things on their menu. i mostly like the staff - they are, by and large, pleasant and friendly. i really like the hopleaf.that said -- don't try and bring a big group in. firstly, it's not a huge place. secondly, if you luck out and get to sit together, if you don't order enough food, they get irritated. if you want to get a seat, you need to want it, esp. on the weekend. come early. now that they have been favorably reviewed by every publication under the sun (including Bon Appetit), they aren't just the cool neighborhood place anymore and you have to plan ahead.don't drive. belgian beers are many things: tasty, interesting, more expensive, super alcoholic in most cases ... all this together means you should either cab it, ride the train, walk, or find someone to see your drunk self home.this is meant to constitute a ringing endorsement. i bring people here that i want to impress, and i go here when i want to give myself a pick me up. which can be anytime.I love this place.  As a restaurant, it's fantastic.  As a bar, it's fantastic (maybe a little crowded).  I love craft beer, especially belgian.  This place is a temple of belgian beer.  The selection includes so many rare beers.  It takes a while to deal with the beer menu.  The restaurant does top-notch belgian comfort food, and the kitchen is open fairly late.  I can't recommend this place enough.  It's one of my favorites.I will unequivocally say that this is the best beer bar in Chicago, if not the entire country. Sure, other bars may have more taps, but what's the point if half of them are devoted to the big 3 breweries and/or the most popular imports? There's more love for beer here than just about anywhere. A hand-picked, frequently-changing selection of about 25 Belgian beers and 25 non-Belgians on tap, along with a bottle menu bigger than the food menus of most Chinese restaurants, ensures you'll be overwhelmed. The back dining room is incredibly attractive, and features a real wood fireplace in the winter and a beautiful garden space in the summer. The front bar is refreshingly free of televisions and thump-thump-thump music. The food is impressive, especially the mussels, fries, and aioli. When I can be convinced to stray from the mussels (which is not often), the Hopleaf's chef does great things with duck and makes a pretty faithful rendition of a Montreal smoked meat sandwich. Suffice it to say that whenever I come here I have a blast and feel thoroughly satisfied.Why the missing star, though? The crowds. Holy Flying Spaghetti Monster, the crowds. I'm at the Hopleaf fairly often, but it's been about a year since I've come in and found a seat in the front room (unless I show up after 11 on a Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday). The back room is not much better. Friday and Saturday you'll invariably be quoted a 1.5+ hour wait for dinner, and even on weekdays a half-hour to 45 minutes is common. Just about the only time you can get seated immediately is during Bears or Cubs games, provided it's early in the season and the teams haven't embarrassed themselves out of the playoffs yet. I did see an expansion permit in the front window recently, however, and I only hope that a larger Hopleaf will better be able to handle the crowds while keeping up the phenomenal quality.I hate this stupid head bar. They have so many beers that my brain goes into overload and I don't know what to do. Cut it out with the insane amount of choices!Cute place I have been wanting to try it out of some time. Great selections of beers. The food on the other hand.... Limited menu selections. We tried the brisket, well more like the beef jerky. I've never had a dryer piece of meat. Wow! The Mac and cheese was very good. Go for a drink!one word: frites!yay!I know there a gazillion reviews of the Hop Leaf in my hood, but I have to add my $.02. The Leaf is two doors down from my office and I can't tell you how satisfying it is after a long day of clients to meet a friend for Belgian style mussels and an adult beverage. There are ups and downs, smoke and salty waiters, yet there is only oneHop Leaf.I told my fiance if we are to return to this establishment, he needs to buy some cooler/not really trying to be cool plastic glasses and a big puffy scarf not adorned for the Chicago weather but for pretending not to try.I like a bar I can wear my pajamas to or jeans and a t shirt and not fear judgment. Sure, it's fun to get snazzed up every once in awhile. There are a lot of awful places I despise going to because it's a Coach purse parade, but at least those people KNOW and ADMIT they are trying very hard to acheive a certain appearance.  The general crowd on the night I was at Hopleaf reminded me of my former music theater self and were obviously checking out my hooded sweatshirt. Maybe they are sick and tired of people coming and ruining their favorite spot, and I understand that.  The patrons looked very smart and sophisticated though and I leaned closer to hear whatever book or indie movie they were discussing, but the girl with the bleached blond faux-hawk and leopard print shirt was discussing, "how drunk" she was the night before and how she "puked on every surface of her apartment." I was kind of disapointed.But look, I gave it three stars and that's because of the great room upstairs--far less crowded and composed of mostly people waiting to be seated. I like how in the upstairs bar, beer isn't served so that there is less change of table monopoly.  I hear the food is great, and I love belgian beer.  I'd tell you what I had, but the were retrieved for me by a friend or two who had to go downstairs to pay with a credit card.I know it's not too original but I liked the Framboise Lambic. It was super sweet though and I couldn't have more than one. It was a dangerous drink though because it tasted like juice and I probably could've gotten easily drunk off it.I think I would've enjoyed the place more if I was a bit more tipsy and not as annoyed by the crunched crowd. But we went for a friend's birthday who is a belgian beer fanatic. I really enjoy going out in Andersonville and Uptown but in the winter, it's just unbearable to walk to from the red line. I'll go back when it's nice enough out that my nose doesn't freeze walking from the cta to the bar.tip: if you're going to just to drink, head upstairs for more room and a bit quieter environment for actual conversation.  The beer selection isn't as big up there, but you can always buy from downstairs and head upstairs.I have wanted to try their food but have yet to get there early enough to get a table or a place at the bar. Sure, I like beer but I am also fond of drinking it without people bumping into me and spilling it all over.Eh. My experience in this place was mediocre. I came here for drinks with a friend and the bartenders had attitudes and did not seem to want to serve us. It was hard to get their attention and it was not a busy night. Also, I really wanted some food and the couple next to us really wanted some food but they were not serving food anymore! Bummer. I would probably check out one of the other millions of bars on Clark street before I came back here.Holy Mary they have Great beerThere's a great patio out back, and an infamously good beer list. If you're a fan of Belgians, this is the spot for you. Also a good list of IPAs, local brews, and a couple of darker beers as well. Prices were a little high for what you get, but the great options made up for it. The services was alright- my favorite part of going to this bar was the great, spacious patio, and the many options on tap. Definitely worth a visit!My kind of bar - nice wood interior and a great beer list to match.  The couple bites of mac n cheese I had were also delicious.  Great location midway between Evanston and downtown, I only wish I'd known about this place while I was at Northwestern.Wonderful beer selection, great food.  The rabbit sausage with all of its accompaniments was absolutely amazing.  Mussels for one is really enough for two, especially if also ordering additional appetizers or entrees.  Fries are great but the portions are too big.  I thought I was going to turn into a potato.A top Chicago experience in my opinion.  Is it the food, possibly...is it the beer, possibly.  The reason this restaurant tops many others is the environment and the combination of food and beer.  The food is incredibly unique, like the CB & J sandwich, which I highly recommend for a lunch.  The beer selection, although pricey, is one of the best you'll find in Chicago.  All in all the quality makes this place unique and well worth the price of admission.  The neighborhood surrounding it is also very clean and friendly.First of all, the food is vastly over-rated. The beer list always has a few treats, which gets them a few points, but the bottle list needs work, as it is pretty well full of non-vintage working class beers. To be a world class destination, really needs to work on its cellar. That being said, the taps are pretty damn good. Unfortunately, the front room is a horrible place to get a beer with people groping and nowhere to go to get out of the way. And the people seated at the bar tend to be territorial. Not to mention that the prices are higher than Map Room. Not a fan of this joint.Any friggin' second I get to snatch up a Tripel K. on tap at this place, I'm there. They have a very good selection of beer, scotch and food. Here's my usual repertoire: -2 to 3 goblets of tripel karmeliet ($7 each) -CB&J with morbier mac and a side of house cooked potato chips ($10) -Pomme frites w/ garlic aioli ($5) If you can help it and like to stay away from busy, crowded bars, DON'T GO FRIDAY thru SUNDAY. It is PACKED. If you can go before 5pm on those days, you might be okay but I like to close the place down with minimal screaming with whomever I'm there with...I'd go with Wednesday nights as a preferred visit to this place. Nice bathrooms and plenty of secret seating but I like the front (by the entrance) although it's hard to find something after 6 or 7pm every night in that area. It's nice sitting up there because I'm a fan of getting my own drinks and getting up from time to time.Great pub, awesome beer selection, really good food and cool, laid back atmosphere. I'm so glad I have both Hopleaf and Fountainhead, two of the best beer places in Chicago, in the neighborhood. If you like beer, there's no way you'll go home disappointed.Sickest beer list in Chicago. Haven't eaten there, but it's often way too crowded. The patio is really cute out back though.Excellent beer bar. One of my favorites in Chicago. They always have a great on-tap selection and and extensive bottled beer list. If you like beer, you will love the Hopleaf. They have every style of beer available, and even mead! They also have special tapping events from time to time, so make sure you check them out often.5:16pm on a saturday after the cubs game, stopped by based on great reviews.   Crowded, yet seated fast.  Delia took our order promptly, recommended Belgian mussels, duck Ruben and CB&J.  My friends loved the mussels.   The Mac and cheese was rich and sinful, fries delightful, potato chips a bit heavy on the seasoning.   Duck Ruben was tender and tasteful, the Cheese and Date sandwich was wonderful.   Overall great service, wonderful beer and outstanding food.  Final comment, did have to chase down a waitress to pay bill after waiting a long time after finishing meal, would have been nice to see her more during the meal for another beer.Great Beer list...it fills an entire menu.  The mussels in the white ale sauce are a must!!!  YUM, YUM!  The fries are kisckass and the fish is good, too.  The dinner area is a little small and the tables are a bit close together.  The front bar is great.  AND, if you are planning a party....the upstairs party area is huge and perfect for about 40-50.While I like the premise for this bar it could be taken so much further.  A) Belgian beer does not have to cost this much.B) You should not have to wait so long for Belgian beer.This is a great place to observe chestpuffing twenty somethings sit in oppressively short chairs at dimunitive little coffee tables boasting about their international travels and Whole Foods, and skirt the topic of funds over a 12 dollar 10 oz glass of hops.It is literally the Same beer you could have at Map Room plus 2 bucks a pop, food is great at maproom as well.  Both bars you have to wait for attention of couse, but all else equal Maprooms got it.  Hopleaf does not.This place serves rabbit and other wild game. Aside from being a unique shaped bar I really didn't care for this very popular place. it was packed even on a Sunday Night and is a Chicago legend as I have heard of this place numerous times. The food is weird and expensive, but the beer choices are out of this world. i say saty for the drinks and avoid the food. Bar food is never really that great no matter how much they try to prep up the menu with exotic stuff.It is busy but good and the beer selection is just awesome! I had the 'Mussels for One' and was little dissapointed due to the lack of seasoning. The frites were good and the selection of beer out of this wold. It is VERY packed and I just got lucky to walk in right as the person at the end of the bar got up because within an hour I had people breathing down my neck and yelling orders in my ear as I was trying to eat. I am all good with the crazy busy Chicago bars, but it was a bit too much that night have people constant hitting me from behind. I would have stayed longer, but just ate and ran.  If I was there just to drink good beers with friends, it would have been a 5-star review. I will go back again very soon and update my review accordingly because I know there is more to this place then my one night.Wow this place has been over-Yelped. Took my dad here awhile back to wallow at the temple of the second best beer in the world, Belgian (after British cask ale of course). The much discussed surliness of the staff was totally absent. The beer was amazing, served properly in each variety's own glass. The mussels and the rabbit and the frites were top notch. Loved the brick dining area, so atmospheric. Nothing even remotely like this place where I live.Love The Hopleaf!!! My favorite part about this place is their outdoor space in the summertime! It's a great place to spend the evening with friends over a great glass of beer! Over the years I have always been impressed with their consistency in their food and drink selections. The food is always great, and being a huge "world beer" fan, I love all that they offer. With their new addition that they added, I can only see the Hopleaf getting bigger and better. Another wonderful thing about this place, is that the owners Mike and Louise are HUGE supporters of their neighborhood and community. You always can find them helping to host of sponsor a brunch to benefit an organization or person who is either in need or just trying to raise money for a good cause. They owners are true gems of the Andersonville neighborhood, and more business owners in this neighborhood should take note! They also are huge supporters of neighborhood public schools. Go Hopleaf! Thank you for being such a great establishment in Andersonville.Went there last night. Very cool atmosphere In A cool part of town   Had a German beer and muscles for two.  Beer was fabulous and muscles and frites were some of the best I've ever had.  My only criticism was that the bartender was not overly friendly to us.  Overall I plan on heading here whenever I am in the mood for muscles.Ok I have been coming here for over 4 years and it is the best beer bar in the city! (yes thats right, way better than the Map Room,  Beer Bistro, Clark Street Ale House...etc). The awesome thing about Hopleaf is not only do they have an amazing beer selection, excellent service but their food is spectacular. The mussels are a must try as well as the duck ruben. Everything I have ordered her has always been top notch and so good. If you want a great experience, try new unique beers you cant get anywhere else and have great food this place is one you need to try. You will not be let down!Hands-down, my favorite bar in Chicago -- and anywhere, for that matter. Amazing beer list, really great atmosphere (love the decor, and the lack of TVs to distract from conversation), nice and knowledgable staff, and awesome food. I wish I lived in Chicago so I could have the mussels more often!It's not just a clever name. They have a staggering beer selection, which may intimidate some beer novices. It's a lot bigger than it looks from the outside, and was still pretty crowded, but most places are at 10:30 on a Saturday night. A fun place to go if you're looking to expand your beer horizons.Wish I found this place sooner! I'm not a big beer drinker by any means, but this place found its way into my heart. It gets quite crowded, but it's definitely worth it for the yummy fries and amazing beers.With that beer selection, and w/ really pretty darn good food, more stars would seem natural.But the bar staff here is almost comically unfriendly. I used to go in here early every Wednesday for close to three years running, and I never received anything more than the most imperceptible of nods. Not that I was expecting balloons and streamers and free pints but sheesh.I have seen regular rudeness toward customers from this place for years. Looking down their nose at the folks who are so rude as to actually want to spend some of their money at this joint.5 stars for the BEER and 0 stars for the SERVICE.We live in California and visit Chicago to see family.My husband always tried to make it here because of the belgium beer selection and other great beers as well. I was with him this last time and found the service SUCKS! It was busy but aren't they always?? We grabbed a beer at the bar and say a booth open up in the corner so we grabbed it. NO ONE CAME TO OUR TABLE EVER IN AN HOUR except to try and deliver food we didn't order (twice). They calmed down and still no service. My husband had to order beer from the bartender and food when we wanted it. Saw the doorman reading a book at one point and eating so you would have thought he could have lifted his finger to see what was going on. Bummer cos the beer list is a great one but wouldn't recommend unless you like crappy service! Seriously not necessary.Here's my deal. Any place may have great beer, great food but when a bartender chooses to lecture as opposed to educate it looks bad. With so many beers/ ales/ lambics etc (which is great)...My friend ordered wrong. She felt terrible, she tried to drink it but it was to acidic for her. I approached the bartender, explained situation and he replied we don't do that aka help you out here. So I bought my friend another drink. Gotta be honest have not been back since.Great tap selection, nice atmosphere.  I'd recommend the mussels, little pricey but definitely worth it!Love this bar.  I drink whiskey on the rocks and they have a great selection of whiskey.  There are no TVs and no drink mixers, which is ok by me.  I haven't tried the food yet, that will be a different trip!Came here last night on a mission. I was finally going to get the CB&J w/ mac and cheese.I got here around 8:00pm - later than I had planned on. This place definitely gets too crowded for its own good, though I hear they are expanding. Anyhow, it was packed so I decided "oh well, next time" and walked out.As I was walking, I thought... wait a minute - I came all the way over here. I don't care how busy they are - I'm going to get that damn sandwich. And I did. And it blew my mind.The food is incredible here! Unusual flavor combinations make for a luxurious meal, and their wine and beer selections are also great! My friend and I ordered the steak frites and mushroom crepes and split the entrees - perfect pairing, and even had room for dessert. We were stuffed, but the portions really weren't outrageous and though the establishment is pricey, it's worth every last penny.The atmosphere is casual, but perfect for a romantic meal, or dinner with friends. The wait staff was surprisingly helpful and friendly; it seems like such a rarity these days! Even when it was completely packed and people were shoulder-to-shoulder waiting in the bar area, we only waited 15 minutes of the half hour to 45 minutes the hostess estimated. Hopleaf, you exceeded all my expectations and I will definitely be back for more!Service was awesome!!  People at the door were friendly.  When we sat in the area that doesn't have servers and you need to go to the bar (which is clearly marked), one of the staff still came up to us right away and told us where the full service area was if we were interested.  We moved to that full service area and our waiter seemed a bit confused or distracted, but immediately this other lady started filling in for him, correcting his mistakes and answering our questions.  He may have been new, or on drugs, but kudos to the lady staffer who saved us!  The Beer Choices:  Simply Amazing.  Extensive craft beer list that will not disappoint.The Food:  This is why Hop didn't get more stars from me.  I'll begin with the $12 specialty sausage and german potato salad appetizer.  Got 2 small pieces of sausage and fried potatoes.  I talked to the waiter and it was explained to me that it was a non-deli style german potato salad.  listen guys...these were fried potatoes and nothing more.  A friend ordered the duck sandwich which arrived with burnt toast and terrible tasting fries.  The Tilapia was more breading than fish.  Stick to Beer!!! Dump the food! and Keep up the Good Service!the best beer, the best food, great service, and a sweet new expansion space. Do you need more?Food is Ok, the Stilton mac n cheese is excellent though. Our party of 4 ordered lambics and some belgians. One waiter was working all the tables while there were three hostesses. Really? Took 30 minutes to get our food, by which time, the DRINKS had still not arrived from the bar. REALLY?? Who serves food before drinks? Anyway, poor guy gets rushed all over the restaurant and therefore, it was not his fault that the food took forever and drinks took EVEN LONGER THAN FOREVER. We are talking 10 minutes into eating our food, and then our beers arrive. The beer menu is fabulous, though. I had the steak frites ($22) and the steak was OK. Very grisly and definitely not the best I ever had. The onion rings are very small, but good. The Duck Rueben was HORRIBLE and tasteless, No flavor at all.  Tasted like eating cardboard. Definitely would not eat there again, but might drink at the bar. Maybe that is faster.Overall - a great place. Went on a Thursday night and was very impressed by how packed, yet calm and inviting the atmosphere was. Walked to the back of the restaurant to get a table and the hostess said that it would be a little bit of a wait, but we were free to go upstairs and grab a beer and hang out. The bartender upstairs was extremely personable and made us feel right at home. A few minutes after we grabbed our beers, the hostess came upstairs and found us to let us know our table was ready and walked us back down to the dining room. Being in the industry, I am constantly looking for/noticing the little details of service that most people wouldn't (and am usually easy to disappoint). However, this was not the case at all. Our server was very knowledgable and sweet - always close by if we needed anything but not in-your-face or pushy which is always awesome to see - especially on a busy night. All in all - I will definitely be back soon.Service - 10/10Beer Selection - 10/10 (Any bar with Daisy Cutter on tap is doing something right, not to mention the slew of amazing micro brews, etc.)Food - 7/10Mussels are a must - you won't get a better deal anywhere - ESPECIALLY for the price and the HUGE side of pomme frites and baguette that comes with each order.Both brussel sprout dishes are amazing - personally I would go back for the ones with truffle oil... The other prep. (with bacon lardons) was also delicious, but a little in your face with the overwhelming pork flavor.Steak and Frites - PASS. I was sure that their 10-12 oz grass fed ribeye would be amazing after tasting everything up to the point, but.. nawww.For one, it kindof pissed me off that you cant substitute sides because I really wanted to try the mac and cheese... but you can ONLY get the frites or a salad - Opted for the salad which was just that... a salad.. because I was already stuffed with the huge order of frites that came with the mussels.Second, you have a choice of which butter you want over the steak - we got the lemon horseradish butter, which was just a HUGE dollop of from what I could taste.. lemon juice and butter - didn't add anything to the steak and waayyyy too much that it overpowered everything because it was already half melted when it got to the table.Last, the steak itself, was nothing more than you what you would expect at Fridays or Applebee's, etc.. to be honest, maybe not even that mediocre.. It was a nice size, but oddly thin.. you could tell it had been marked on the grill, but aside from some faint lines, there was basically NO sear on the steak, which just left it limp.. fatty.. and sitting in a pool of melted butter. I couldn't help but keep thinking about the nasty looking steaks that they would eat in the movie Napoleon Dynamite. Usually people judge a restaurant based on the last thing they eat, as it's what sticks in their mind the most... for me and the steak - I would usually say that I'd never go back.. HOWEVER, because of the rest of the food, the service, the brews... pretty much EVERYTHING else, I am hyped to go back and try the rest of the menu.Excellent beer selection of every variety, both domestic and international.  If you ask for a miller lite, they might laugh you out of the place.  I've found the food to be so-so.  The brisket tends to be fatty.  The garlic fries are delish.  On the down side, this place gets packed on weekends.  And I mean packed.  If you are in any way clostrophobic or have a social anxiety disorder you might have an episode here.Beer and great foodbeer......Fries.....beer......hoppy west coast beer...mussles....more beerthat's pretty much all i have to say about you hopleaf....you've made me speachless...Forget the food. It's fine, especially the mussels, and as for the wait staff: well, artists need jobs too. But the bar and beer menu? Man, this is the place to explore beer and the bartenders are just so into helping you do this this. I don't know the dude's name who works weekday afternoons, but thanks for good company and great info on beer.dearest hopleaf,we have such blessed memories don't we? i was deeply committed toyour deep fried smelt, a buttery and crunchy midwestern entree thatwent so well with any beverage/beer that you provided. shortly,after the smelt had disappeared, i regretfully moved on to your musselsand pomme frites. i learned that this was my only alternative, thatthis was as pleasurable and succulent mussels could be withoutgoing to the east coast. your broths were clean, rich, andused delicious ingredients.  i understand your charm, yourmagnetism--- despite your stupid-ass long lines.yes your ambiance has a warm comfy wooden atmosphere, butnot all of your food is as on-point as the mussels. your crowd can getfrustrating as it is a bit bourgeois and white for my taste. now, i couldforgo that blemish (as per usual, being in northside chicago) if yourservice was consistently polite, attentive, and accessible. however, in that department you are hit or miss.  either i have had the most diligent service in my life or someone rude and frigidly inhuman. i would suggest that you work on this.in closing, 3.5 stars.See, the thing about a one-hour wait for a table is that you get to hang out at the bar and try some of the many delicious beers on tap for the low, low price of just five dollars. Sure, there are a few that are more, and there's also an extensive list of bottles, but don't get ahead of yourself! Save that list of bottles for reading at the table! Okay, two delicious beers in my belly, time to slosh on back and check out the menu... Holy CB and J! Yes, that's cashew butter, fig jam, and morbier cheese grilled into sandwich heaven. Or if you prefer your meals meatier, there's a duck reuben...I haven't eaten meat in twenty years and that sounded interesting even to me. The reuben also comes with the pommes frites, and while the housemade chips that are served with the cb&j are not to be scoffed at...make sure you're at a table with fries. Oh, and if veggies are your thing too - goat cheese polenta cake is the way to go. Now after a few beers at the bar, and a bottle at the table I was tempted to call it a night and begin the long, slow, stagger-y walk home, but then someone said something about lemon curd tarts with strawberry rhubarb compote and I couldn't resist.I still love Hopleaf.  I still love Atomium.  That is all.have not tried the food, seems a little "adventurous", but the beer selection is divine.You can't beat RASPBERRY ALE. I wish I lived next door to the Hopleaf. Super busy when I was here, but I had my raspberry ale, so who cares?!If you give less stars for having a popular business, you must be a jerk. I cannot hold them back for the popularity, and the wait is always worth it. Food is great, beer list is impressive, always a great time.... weeknights are best for fast seating.I love Hopleaf. I would almost leave it at that. Beers, lots. Food, awesome. I come here on occasion just to get drinks, but more often I go here to drink and eat. The food is great. A word to the wise though. I am not necessarily a light weight (I will admit that I have become a cheaper date the older I get) but every time I go here we usually have to wait an hour and a half to get a table. I am easy going and enjoy sitting at the bar, and I anticipate it so it is not a problem. The thing is that I get pretty tipsy (OK a little drunk maybe) by the time that I sit down for dinner. Poor planning on my part considering that I choose beers that are 10% and probably hadn't eaten since noon. Something to keep in mind though. Just to give a little more info about the food - the mussels are awesome! loved the sauce they come in. I once ordered the lobster sauce mussels that were a special and regretted it, not as good. Appetizers - the sausage plate was good but I don't remember thinking it was amazing, it was sausage, what can I say? I did love the quail, fabulous. Entrees - I love the steak frites, one time I ordered the brisket and that was good too, but the steak frites is really nice. The steak is so big that I am able to take half of it home and use it on a salad the next day which is a bonus. Side story - last December when I was here my date and I were seated in the balcony section, I was sitting with my back to the bars that overlook the rest of the diners below. I want to say ahead that I wasn't super drunk, but as I mentioned earlier I had had a few drinks without eating and it was pretty late at night. Well, the server brings me my steak, I pick up the knife and it slips out of my hand - hits the floor - and bounces OFF the balcony. Luckily there was this odd awning that covered the diners below, I don't even want to know what would have happened if my knife hit anyone. I tried to laugh it off but I was pretty embarrassed.i love love love it here.  the interior is great, the beer list is great, the food is great.  only negative is the crazy waits that occur regularly in the late evening.  get the CB+J.  you won't regret it.  and you cant really go wrong with anything on the beer list.  just watch those alcohol contents!  those deliriums can really catch up with you if you aren't careful, especially if you go on an empty stomach and enjoy a few while you wait for a table. :/Recently had a birthday dinner there with seven other friends.  The beer selection was great, as usual.  All the food was delicious, we had mussels both ways!  Our server was the best!  Always one of my favorites.  Sunday is a good day to go if you don't want to wait all night for a table.i've only gone here on fridays. it's always crowded, the bartenders are slow and kind of rude (always know what you're going to order before you approach the bar. i got a soup nazi vibe from one of them), and foreign beer=high prices. none of this matters because the sheer volume of la-dee-da fancypants beers is enough to keep me entertained and thrilled while i'm throwing my money around. no idea what the food's like, but they have mead. MEAD! it was totally rad and it made me feel like Beowulf. good times.The Hopleaf gets 5 stars just for their mussels. Possibly the best mussels I've  ever had. I would go just for them but Hopleaf also has a huge Belgian beer list. Almost all bars in Chicago now have huge craft beer lists but while most are content to settle for 75 different IPAs and 30 Stouts, Hopleaf is one of the few providers of good Belgian beers. The staff is great but there can be an occasional wait. Last time I went Popperings Hommelbier and Mussels!!I SOOO badly wanted to give this place 5 stars. The food, drinks, presentation and service went well beyond our expectations. Even the restroom is adorable. Our server and all other members of the wait staff were very courteous and timely. Beer selection is great (of course)...had Delirium, my favorite. My parents split the mussels for 2 and I had the CB&J sandwich...(I asked the waitress her recommendation between two plates, and she didn't offer the more expensive one for the hell of it so I know she was genuine about it). The mac & cheese was to die for. The home-made chips were great. Very rarely do I get dessert out at a restaurant but I couldn't help myself here (tapioca/lemon curd...delicious!)So why only four stars, then? Because of the guy sitting at the front door checking IDs, who I could swear had a stick up his butt. I don't understand why he was so cranky and rude but it's a terrible first impression for such an otherwise lovely place. I'm glad we decided to go in and try it out anyway because it really was great. Thankfully shifts had changed by the time we left and the guy at the door on our way out was very pleasant. Get the first guy to put a smile on and you'd have a new regular!The food looked pretty good. I had the mussels with white wine - delicious! I do not eat ketchup much so the aoli really jazzed up my fries. The Belgian beer selection is impressive. Hopleaf is classy but relaxed; you might have to wait for a table though.My dad has been wanting to come to Hopleaf for quite some time now, and last night we finally went.  He's a beer afficionado, I'm not, but I do enjoy a good imported rare beer every now & again.  Hopleaf has an enormous selection of unusual beer that isn't found everywhere.  The beer menu took me about 10 minutes to read & make a selection, then when I get up to the bar, they're out of the kind that I wanted, so it took another few minutes to make a secondary selection.  We ordered some of their frites to munch on & they were some of the better fries I've had in a while.  They specialize in mussels, but I'm not a fan so we skipped those.  If you enjoy a wide variety of imported beer and/or mussels, Hopleaf is for youTriple D brought me to Hopleaf and I am so glad it did!  This place is cozy and has really decadent and delicious food.  We came for lunch on a Sunday and though the menu was abbreviated and we had no waitperson (you order at the bar) this was fine and dandy for us.  The beer selection is overwhelming, but I am sure the bartenders are really helpful if you are undecided.  I wish Hopleaf was closer, I'd definitely be a regular here if it were.Great beer selectionCame with my brother for dinner. We had to wait for a long time and the bar upstairs was cash only. Our food came out fast after we finally got a table but I wasn't too impressed. The mussels could have more flavor and the CB&J was ok. Overall it was good but not memorable.If you're looking for good food and pint in a warm pub atmosphere, head on down to the Hopleaf. Although they boast a wide variety of Belgium beers on tap, they also have all the local favs -- including Bell's. The husband and I sampled way too much of the menu and walked away feeling that the moules & frites stole the show (fries: crispy -- mussels: sop up the broth with the bread!). If only I LIVED in Chicago so I could frequent this joint.I've eaten here a few times, but this time I was slightly disappointed.  I should have stuck to the mussels, but I've been trying to check off the 30 Sandwiches in 30 days list.  I had the Cashew Butter, Cheese and Fig jam sandwich.  I think I caught them on  a bad night.  My sandwich was made to quickly, overcooked and too greasy.  Could not taste the cashew butter or the fig jam.  Bread was dark brown, too brown.  The fries were marginal and served with plain mayo??? Seriously, who does that anymore with all the great things you could add to it.  My husband had the Black Earth Farms Lamb stew and thought it was wonderful.  Of course I'll go back but was disappointed this time....Really great variety of beers that come in a fun glass.  Creative pairing of food and ingredients are eclectic.  Service is a tad slow and the prices are a little much for what you get as far as food goes but the drinks and atmosphere make up for it.  The exposed brick and industrial look is very cool.  All very open-feeling even when it's crowded.I know most people come here for beer but that's never a draw for me. I came here for the first time rather against my will but I found that the mussels are really quite exceptional. The only complaint is that it's usually way too busy to come here any more. I'd recommend arriving at off hours because it's been way too crowded since they were "check-pleased."I haven't eaten here, I've only had 4 or 5 of the delicious beers tfrom their extensive selection.  Drafts and bottles. Domestic.  Import.  Seasonal.  Delicious.  Oh happy day. We went around 2 on a Sunday, before food was being served and got 3 seats at the bar.  Awesome.  Recommend it.Great beer and mussels w moule frites...done deal.I would give this place 5 stars if I was a beer lover...but I'm not. Service is bad, bartenders are nasty and always act like you are annoying them with your orders (even when they are not busy). food is not that great either and it's always so crowded and loud in there! avoid weekends and busy nights, you will have to wait for at least 45 min to be seatedI want to go here on rainy afternoons with my best girlfriends and sample all of the delicious Belgian beers while nibbling on blue cheese macaroni and pomme frites.  Totally casual in the best, gastropub way.Great bar, great beer selection, the food is pretty good too. I have been here several times with a friend who lives in the area and always had fast service, freshly made food and tasty beer. I especially liked the sausages and the variety of draft beer.  The sandwiches are fine. The ambiance is young-ish and friendly. And you can actually have a conversation, which isn't always the case at a bar.It's really cozy, comfortable, and it's always busy with a friendly crowd. The beer prices are okay to me. It's an all around great time in there.I can't even begin to realize just how many beers they have on the chalkboard when you come in the door, but sweet grandmother's spatula,  that's a lot of beer! I had a black beer from Cleveland which was 9% alcohol and made me a little too drunk too early - it didn't help that there was a veritable obstacle course of stairs to get to the toilets in the basement. At least I made it down there and back in one piece, I hate to think of all the people taller than me who have probably banged their heads on the low basement ceiling!Oh, Hopleaf. You were a first date I was really excited about, but now that it is over, I can't decide if I want to go out with you again.  You seemed so perfect before we went out, but now I'm not sure if you'll ever live up to your potential. When we arrived we were informed there was no beer on tap because of a flood in the basement. Ok, we said, no problem, shit happens, we'll order off the extensive bottle beer menu. But then we were told they were out of all the beers we ordered. Um, this is a beer bar?  Hopleaf, have you been lying about who you really are to get me to come out with you? Then, happy surprise, the beers on tap came back on, and half an hour later we were happily drinking our first beers. But, then, our food order ticket got lost, and we waited over an hour with our drinks and the server never checked in with us. We finally flagged him down and he confessed our ticket had been lost. When our food finally arrived it was mostly delicious, but way, way over-salted on the quail and mashed potatoes.  The rabbit salad was superb, however. To make up for all the waiting and errors and such, the server did buy us a round of drinks and a free dessert.  And he didn't lie about the mess up, which was much appreciated. Hopleaf, you made a gallant effort to impress me on our first date, but you failed. I want to like you, but my friends don't like you, so I don't think we can ever be a serious item. Maybe we can meet up for drinks sometime during the week.ive only been here once but from that experience i have to say that i like this place and will be back again. went in later on a saturday night. it wasn't too crowded, the door guy was very nice, and they had a good selection of beers. also, it's pretty huge, much larger than i would've expected looking at it from the outside. the crowd was pretty mellow, probably mid/late 20s and older, which is great because seriously i'm too old to be dealing with freshly legal half-naked 21-year olds who get trashed and start scream talking and then vomit on themselves. which is to say, this place is no hamilton's. thank jeebus.The beer selection is great but the place is always too crowded and loud. I like to sit in the restaurant area. The steam mussels are very tasty. The fries with mayo is good but I know it's high calorie!.this 5 star review is for the CB & J sandwich. Let me break this down for you...Cashew Butter + Fig Jam +Toasted = Delicious. I also applaud their commitment to not only fantastic, exotic beers, but local microbrews as well.I take my compliment back on their mussels that smelled good: had their beer mussels for the first and last time on Tuesday, bitter, small, gritty...just awful.  Would not recommend them to anyone.  Do still like the ambiance and top beer selection.  Hopleaf is still one of the top craft beer bars in Chicago.   I'll just say no way to this dish...Lots of Belgian style beers... is there anything else that needs to be said.   If you like beer, there really isn't.  Go here.  Drink.  Repeat.I wish I would have stayed for dinner, because if it's half as good as the draft beer selection, I probably would have cried. Avery Maharaja IIPA on tap is life changing. The only problem I had with Hopleaf is I had to buy a new pair of pants after I left because I soiled myself... that's how great it is.Well it has been about 2 years since I have done a review on this place.  I came here tonight with a friend for dinner, and Wow!  really enjoyed the food.  We sat on the upper level, which I did not know they had, we had a great corner table with a view of the downstairs level which was really nice.  The beer here is always good, great selection.  I ordered the CB&J sandwich which was made on a sourdough bread, then spread with housemade cashew butter, fig jam and morbier cheese.  All those flavors together on a sandwich and grilled was incredible!  Such a great flavor.   Also came with a side of Hopleafs famous Stilton mac and cheese.   Will definitely be coming back here for dinner again soon.Nothing new to add here.  Just posting my stars.  It's all about the beer.  Best beers in the city (I love Belgian beer)! Actually, I hope you don't go there because it will be less crowded for me.  Looking forward to the expansion.  Hope that will make more room for you and your tourist parents.  Seriously, don't go here.The food is heaven, the beer selection is way out of my league.  I love it!  We had to wait a little bit for a table, but other than that, it was a great experience.Hopleaf is a good place to go when you just want a good beer.  Not a fan of their food menu, but they have a vast selection of imported beers....  This place often gets really crowded, so go early or be prepared to fight for a table, especially in the winter.I hear the fratboy set & the gay set align as one here - can this possibly be true?Really love this place.  The mussels are wa-bam great and outside of that, I just feel good when I'm here.  I haven't even always had the best service, but I always go back.  It's great.  In fact, the reason I'm even posting this is because I'm going tonight and am so excited I am already thinking of it and thought of yelp :)One thing I'd not recommend is the duck reuben.  It's kind of just like an even greasier regular reuben. Sorry, but after like 6 or 7 visits that's my only complaint :)I can't stop thinking about those mussels!!  Awesome beer list.  Fabulous food - Nuff said.  LOVE!!!!The food is excellent (try the mussels) as is the beer list.  However, the staff is openly hostile to customers and the wait can be ridiculous at times.  Another victim of the Check Please/Yelp herd.Yelp shakes down small businesses:  digg.com/food_drink/Yelp…I can only speak for the beer, as I've gone to korean bbq nearby after each time I've been here. With that being said, incredible beer selection. I love fine belgian ale's, after just a couple a solid buzz ensues. I love belgian whit, and also delirium. Anyplace that has delirium on tap is special. The upstairs with the wall- side bar is great too. A good atmosphere to chill and have conversation, a fun spot. I'll be back soon.I've been wanting to go to the Hopleaf for quite sometime, and finally did last week!  I really enjoyed the couple beers I had and can't wait to go back to try more!  And maybe I'll even indulge in dinner.  The crowd/wait (though what I experienced wasn't too bad) and prices are worth it.Great beer and great food. Hopleaf is one of the best bars in Chicago hands down. I recently attend an event in their upstairs room and it was a cool extention to an already great place. If you have not been here yet, make a point to go.Likes:CBJ sandwichGreat beer selectionFritesCabbage saladAtmosphere (cozy)Dislikes:Poor service.  Inexperienced, sometimes unfriendly hostess.  It may have been the waitress' and hostess' first job in the restaurant industry1 hour wait=2 hour wait, with no mention that the wait may be longer than initially anticipated.Almost got trapped in the bathroom stall with their industrial-type door latch.  Needed WD-40 to get out.Solid bar. Wish it wasn't packed a lot of the time...but otherwise nice dark pubby vibe, great beer, and good food. Got rejected at the door one day for not having an I.d. by a pimply young boy who looked 15 himself but I guess that's my fault for forgetting it.  I plan to go back with my I.d. soon for some mussles n beer.Friends who live in Andersonville suggested Hopleaf on one of my first trips to Chicago, and I must say, I was not disappointed -- except for the service.  Being an east coaster, I'm lucky to be surrounded by the likes of Monk's and The Abbey (Philly), as well as Max's Taphouse (Baltimore), where 200-300 beers and dozens of good Belgians are the norm.  I'm reasonably well-versed in beer styles and brewing methods, so when I go to a place with a great beer selection like Hopleaf and say to the bartender, "Hi there.  Do you have any good dubbels on tap that you would recommend?", I don't expect to be greeted by rolling eyes, a slight sigh, and a moribund "Just look at the beer menu and tell me what you want."  Sadly, such was the vortex of discourtesy that surrounded the middle-aged, blond-ish female bartender.  When I gave a bit of a grimace (without saying a single word), I then got an authoritarian verbal lashing of "watch it... be nice or be gone!".  I placed my order and reverently placed my money on the counter, a la the "Soup Nazi".Fortunately, once I actually got the beer (happily settled for a St. Bernardus Abt 12 brown ale), sat down with my friends, and had the great mussels and lamb stew, all was better... until I had to go to the bar again for another beer with a side of surliness.Were it not for the "I-made-you-and-can-have-you-unmade" attitude, this place would've rated 5 stars; the beer selection, the food, the atmosphere, and the patrons (even when packed to the gills) all seemed great.I know the place has a huge beer selection, but to be honest, it was a bit of a let-down.  I thought it had too many Belgians and not enough of other types for my taste.As far as the other customers, they were friendly and polite when we were trying to work our way through the place (it was quite crowded).  It was not particularly easy to get to the bar, due to the crowd.  I'd suggest checking out the upstairs to see if there's more room up there.  As for the bartenders, they seemed a bit pretentious and aloof to me.  I had the unfortunate experience of dealing with a short guy that had a striking resemblance to The Fonz, and he was quite rude.  Almost as if I was annoying him by asking for a couple beers.Good for groups?  Only if you can snag a table.  My friend and I had a hard time finding standing room without feeling that we were always in someone's way.  You know that feeling, where you have to keep shifting around to let people pass.Most likely, I will not return.  This place is not particularly close to me, and I won't be going out of my way to pay for rude service, a cramped feeling, and a beer selection that didn't impress me.One of the greatest beer selections on Chicago's north side.  Seriously, you can have as much fun trying the beer as you will trying to walk home after.  And they're cheap!  Okay, maybe not cheap, but they are well priced.  So, beer good.Food good too!  Actually, they have great food.  I recommend starting with some appetizers because they are tasty, and you don't want to mess with your drinking schedule.Downside - the service.  It can be slow, especially when they get crowded.  And they do get crowded on the weekends.  But get there earlyish and you'll get a table.  After that, who cares, you're drinking beer!Great place for a good beer and food!  KWAK on tap is good!  I had the duck once and it was really good.  Fries are also good.Very enjoyable bar with an extensive Belgian beer selection. The CB&J sandwich and the fries were extremely tasty and I loved that all the beer was served in proper glasses. This would have been a five-star review save for the rude waitress that threw a hissy-fit when we tried to pull up a chair to the table for a late-coming friend. The prices are a little high but that stops mattering after your second Trappist Rochefort 8, right?This place would be great if the bar were about two or even three times bigger! It gets so crowded on the weekend that you can barely get in the door, let alone get to the bar or get a table! The beer selection is great - I admit I haven't heard of the majority of them, but my beer connoisseur friends seem to know which ones are good. Though eating mussels at the bar weirds me out a bit, the mussels are really good. All and all a fun spot, but I just wish it weren't so freakin' cramped all the time...There is no question this place has some of the best beer in the city. The two page list of specialty draught beers are pretty impressive as is their bottle selection. If you can't find something here that you like you have some serious issues. In addition to the beer, the frites were some of the best I've ever had. Maybe I was just really hungry, but they sure went great with their aioli. I just wish the location was a little bit closer to me, as it's definitely a destination place (unless you live in Andersonville or nearby)...I have to be the contrarian on this one.  Unlike the 500+ people who had yelped about HopLeaf already, I had never even been there.  The 2 stars is for the mussels that just wasn't that good.  I had the Belgian beer version.  Maybe next time I will try the curry version.  My friend had the tuna nicoise sandwich special and it was good .  The frites and aoili that came with the mussels were good.  So HopLeaf, I wil be back!The most wonderful bar to go to, whether with friends, bfs, family or whoever else you might enjoy some fantastically delicious beers with.  I have NEVER had a less than wonderful experience at the Hopleaf.  Whether you're going there just to enjoy some beers, or for a full dinner, the service and quality is top notch.My boyfriend and I once had dinner there on a Friday night and sat there for probably 2-3 hours.  Our server knew the exact right time to come over and take more beer orders, but never bothered us when we didn't need her.  One of my biggest pet peeves are hoovering servers.  You'd think at such a crowded place like the Hopleaf, your server might go MIA sometimes, but they are always there, whenever you need them!  I can't get over how intuitive they are!Also, if you go to the hopleaf to eat, you HAVE to get the belgium mussels.  For 2 people, it's only $20 bucks-comes with fries and an amazing aoili-and a BUCKET full of mussels.  It's probably the best mussel deal in town! The sauce is soo delicious and you can dip it in the bread that also comes with the appetizer.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it!So I would say the only downer about Hopleaf is the wait time, but hey I mean it is actually really worth it!  So we went here last night, and it was my second time being here.  The last time, we went on a weekend and it was two hour wait, so I guess our 40 minute wait this time was a big improvement.  (ok and I guess the smaller party of four helped out with that too)  We shared the mussels (belgain style) appetizer for two and the grilled shrimp to start.  The mussels for two were plently for our table of four to share, the white wine broth is delicious and I wanted to drink it, but I thought that would look bad at the table so I settled for pouring large quantities of the broth on my plate so I could soak it up with my bread.   The mussels come with pomme frites that feel like they just came out of the deep fryer and when you dip the hot crispy fry into the garlicy aoli that comes with the mussels, you feel like you are in fry heaven!  It doesn't matter that you know it is totally not good for you, you just want to know when you have the next fry!I didn't care too much for the grilled shrimp, it was literally just grilled shrimp and they only gave you three of them, not so good for a party of four!   Entree wise, I had the duck ruben - it was probably the BEST ruben I have ever had...funny that it is a duck ruben...but everything about this ruben is awesome.  From the bread that is perfectly toasted, yet still soft and buttery, to the thick juicy pieces of duck wedged in the swiss cheese that is melted just so, to the tangy tartness of the sauerkraunt, this ruben kicks butt!  I had the other half for leftovers today and I am sad that it is all gone.  Plus the ruben comes with MORE fries and that yummy garlicy aoli sauce.  My friend had the trout, I had a bite of it and that was really fresh and well done.  Trout is hard to prepare in a restaurant and Hopleaf managed to pull it off.  It was not dry at all, and you could taste how fresh it was, the combination of the cold curry cucumber salad coupled with the hot tender trout was soo yummy!  I only wish that hopleaf was closer to my place and didn't require such a long wait, but hey it is totally worth it!This was my third stop today.  Went to Kitschn on Roscoe for Breakfast, Glenn's diner for cocktails and Hop Leaf bar was our last stop.  Interesting place.  They had many beers to choose from.  I can't remember the names of the beers I had but was surprised to know that Delirium is a beer made by monks.  I really wanted one after I heard that.  I had two other beers which I can't remember the names but one was a berry beer.  It was reddish purple.  Good stuff.  This is a great place for beer lover's.  I will definitely go back.  I want to take my brother there.  He would love it.After my experience at Hopleaf, I became a certified beer aficionado. Hopleaf has such an extensive list of European beers, it really puts "regular" beer to shame. My favourite (did you like the European spelling?) is Delirium Tremain's -nice flavor, very high percentage of alcohol! It is one tasty beer that will have you venturing out beyond your GD or Bud Light or whatever you've grown accustomed too. Additionally, I really like the atmosphere here -very dark and German Ale House-like. With the ethnic food and the good beers, you almost feel transported. Good crowd, good food, great beer list -great unpretentious place to meet up with friends and catch up!I LOVE THE MUSSELS AT HOPLEAF!I like coming here late Sunday afternoon with the husband, sitting in the bar at the front (at one of the tables), drinking great beer, and eating/sharing mussels for  two with him.Good jazz music in the background, good beer, good food---who cares if it's a bit dark and collegey and the bar has many regulars---I'm with my true love sharing mussels and beer!The back dining room is good too.We went there once with the daughters for dinner (either a Mothers Day or a Fathers Day dinner) once.  I liked it too.  I had the most delicious enormous diver scallops!  It's possible to order saugsages, and other things at Hopleaf, but I don't return for those things.My love affair with the Hopleaf began and continues due to the mussels and the beer selections!The service in the bar area---you get a seat someplace after showing your id to the guy at the door, then you go to the bar & order your beer & get a menu.  Then you go back to your table.  When you're ready to order food or more beer you go back to the bar and order from the bartender.  If you order food, it will be brought to you by someone later.  If you want to run a tab, you must leave your credit card with the bartender.The back room has a real wait staff, and you don't have to hand over your credit card.If you like beer you like this place but don't forget to have dinner here.  The both mussels are good( thai curry & traditional) but i really like the grill cheese, cashew butter, and fig sandwich, it a unique and a change the from the traditional P& J. The slim fries with a aloli goes quick you can't stop eating them.A recommendation from a local to us tourists. Their beer menu is absolutely ridiculous, especially if you're into trying every Belgian beer in existence. For what was essentially a neighborhood bar that has tables and a two page menu, the food was impressive. It's really hard to go wrong with a sausage platter, which was the best dish of the night. The mains weren't nearly as memorable, but that might be due to the numerous high ABV beers I'd had. All the patrons seemed local and considering it was after dark on a Monday night, I'm surprised at how packed the place was. I have no idea if Hopleaf is a typical Chicago neighborhood eatery, but I think it speaks well for the city.I like this place, no complaints. Good beer selection, good food, good prices. But, no TV in the bar up front? Even to catch a score of a game? In a bar? Hmmm.....maybe its just me.It's true: they've got great beer and a kitchen that is almost, but not quite, as good as the prices they charge. One gripe I have is that Hopleaf, just like most other high-end, serious beer bars, puts all of their efforts into Belgian beer, and gives German beer short shrift. This is crazy to me. It pisses me off. And I just had to tell someone.more like a 3.5 rating.cannot beat the draft beer selection. went for dinner fri. i like that they have a creative menu and try to use local and seasonal ingredients.we had the montreal style brisket. this was tasty, though it tasted more like corned beef (plus they served it with mustard). the mac and cheese it came with was not all that. the cole slaw looked like it would taste good, but it had way too much celery in it for me. one of the few things i hate the taste of.also had a squash puff entree which was indeed very tasty. we will be back,yup- I know EVERYONE goes and EVERYONE thinks they know beer cause they have drinken here. It's a broad beer menu, but not deep. It's a good place to start drinking really good beer, but after you are at it awhile, you have had nearly everything on the menu. The best time to go is EARLY  ( 5 pm or earilier) not on a weekend. You will have the place to yourself for a while that way, and it will be quiet enough to actually talk.and the friendly knowledgable bar staff will treat you nice.The food is decent, the drinks (well, if you're into beer ... but if you're not why would you be here?) are excellent. Great place to while away the hours.Brisket and mussels.  Turf and surf.Beware - its CROWDED on a weekday evening!I've been wanting to check this place out for quite sometime now and yesterday I finally had the will power to hop into 22 and get here for a date night with my husband. Since he was a little late (as usual) I got to explore the area. Such cute stores, bars and restaurants int he neighborhood that I already have plans of going to a couple of restaurants nearby. Finally when we went inside the bar area was packed and the bartender was kind enough to inform us that we need to go deeper inside, find a waitress, give our names and wait for a table. 40 minute wait time on a weekday... but I was not complaining as I was determined to try at least a couple of beers from their extensive list. The patio is so cool that you almost feel like you're there to attend an awesome house party. Looking at the young crowd, for a minute I thought someone's gonna start playing beer pong. Anyways, we decided to stick to the Belgian ales. The Dekoninck, Tripel Karmeleit were amazing but the Kwak (the beer served in a round-bottomed glass... like the ones in a Chemistry lab!) was a little too strong and earthy for my taste but my husband enjoyed it. When we were seated, even though it was loud I kinda felt the vibe to be very romantic or may be I just have the world's best husband ever :) The limited veggie options are great. We knew exactly what we wanted. The Summer veggie tart was delicious. The grilled abalone mushroom was complex as it was tasty only when you ate all the elements of the plate in one bite. The best part of our dinner, the CB&J... All the rave reviews about this sandwich is justified. However, I have to say that the Mac & Cheese, though delectable is not the best I've tasted.What else can be said about the Hopleaf that hasn't been covered already! Can't miss Belgian beer list, good frites (could be a bit crisper tho) and an interesting menu of food to wash those beers down with. Vegetarian daughter swears by the CB&J!Oh Hopleaf, how I missed thou! I'm not a beer person, but I feel compelled to order beers every time I visit you. And when I moved outta Chicago, I went on an aimless search for something to replace the void in my heart where you used to be. Now that I'm back, I just had to order your succulent & fresh mussels, crispy and somehow never greasy fries with the wildly addictive garlic aioli. I'm determined to go through your extensive beer menu methodically. Not even your hour long waits could deter me. I'll be back soon. xoxoit really is a great bar.....problem is everyone thinks that.  Within a one mile radius many bars exist that are better without the hype.....not sharing but have the same if not better beer and much better whiskey.  But hey i'm not gonna slam the place for being the popular kid...just not my thing anymoreMet my brother in law here yesterday for an impromptu beer and to have some mussels and I loved it.  I have driven by this place hundreds of times and never once thought to go in.  I am sorry I didn't, but will make this a regular spot.  I had a few different kinds of beers and my bro in law insisted we get the mussels, they were in a delicious broth and they served frites and some fabulos hot crusty bread to sop up the delicious broth.  he bragged that they have the best mussels here and he was right.  The bartender also ordered us the mini elotes and they were also fantastic!  I will be back.  The bartenders were great and the atmosphere was fun.  Def a must go to place.Five star beer. Four star food. Crowded but fun.What hasn't been said already?  Go to Hopleaf for the beer and the mussels.  I've tried a few bites of some of their other dishes, and can say this sausage plate = great, mashed potatoes = can't really mess those up, mac & cheese = a little too strong as far as the cheese flavor goes, but then again, I'm a homestyle purist when it comes to this.  By some fluke, our group of seven got a table immediately on a Friday evening (probably because everyone else was at the Lakefront for July 3rd fireworks) - be ready for a crowd and a wait on a normal day.Great place to enjoy good food, a variety of beers in a warm setting. Shared the House Specialty- Mussels for 2- in white wine sauce served with frites & aioli!! AWESOME! Complimented my Belgian Beer, Kwak! Kwak is not only a hearty beer, order it for container it comes in!!! A must visit in Andersonville!!!GREAT beer selection, cozy atmosphere, and surprisingly good food. What else is there to say that hasn't already been said by fellow reviewers? GO THERE NOW!Ok this review has been sitting in my "to finish" list for too long.  This place is way cool.  I loved the CB&J, Mac & cheese w Stilton & sausage platter.    Matilda on tap.  'Nuff said.Truth be told, I'm just not a beer kind of gal but the food here is top notch.  Like everyone else, I heart the mussels and pomme frites.  The order for one is definitely enough for two to share as an appetizer.  I also tried the red cabbage salad last night and I was beyond surprised, really red cabbage can be this good?!?  Reasonable prices.  And yes, it's almost always busy but they serve food at the bar and usually if it's just you and another person, you shouldn't have too much trouble snagging a bar stool or two.  And kudos to the no minimum tab on credit cards at the bar.This place really is great, I wish I got up this way more often.  Top-freakin'-notch beer selection, and the overall vibe definitely swims in the same pool with Ginger Man and Map Room.  Unpretentious and fun, and you'd think the staff have have PHDs in beer.  Downside is that it is generally real packed, but that's cause it's good.Super duper tasty mussels. The bartenders aren't half as mean as people always talked about when I first came to Chicago. True that if you come early you'll have a better all around experience...because you'll be able to sit at a table with the people you came with instead of standing in a corner, looking longingly at your friends who are sharing bar stools with strangers. Even when busy the food comes out: hot, good and fast.A remarkable tavern with an incredibly diverse selection of belgian draft beers and an eclectic menu.  The brisket is unbelievable.  The atmosphere is lively.  It's one of the few bars in town where you can order a bottle of Old Foghorn.  Street parking can be challenging at times, impossible on a Friday night.  Mid week is my preferred time to go there, either earlier in the evening (say by 5 pm) or later at night (after 8:30 pm).After reading raves on Facebook about Hopleaf from hipster doofuses I went to school with but no longer talk to, I decided I had to venture to this far north destination, and I'm glad I did. The beer list is worth the trip. Mussels were fantastic. My only complaint with the place is that it gets so packed and doesn't take reservations. So be prepared to wait over an hour for a table. Because there were six of us, we were able to get a table much quicker. Everything was good, but nothing in the city is worth waiting over an hour for. What can I say, I'm impatient. But if you have patience you can't go wrong at Hopleaf.Great food and beer.  Like the new space.  Neighborhood jem!This place is awesome but always too freakin' busy. The only beer I drink is sold here and it's the raspberry beer. Soooooo good! The food is moderately priced and interesting for "bar food." Don't go on a night when TMLMBGB is taking place.Great local rustic tavern-like atmosphere without feeling like a dive. Eclectic crowd, excellent beers, staff is accommodating - not overly pleasant, but usually fairly patient and knowledgeable.  Tasty food - Steak Frites - yum. Beer is a little pricey, but its almost all imports or specialty beers and lots with higher % of alcohol, so I feel like I am still getting decent bang for my buck. Minus 1 star for always getting a little pushed around by the crowd and stinking like the bottom of a stale ashtray when I leave here. Its smoky, and usually crowded but worth it.if you love a good REAL beer and a enjoy  having many options, you need to check out this place.they have the table menus, but if you want more of a selection ask for the big menu. the brews always change as the seasons change, it's a great place to meet friends after work and have a few pitchers ;)sorry i always get something different when i go there....but always make some room for my Leffe Blonde(it gets so packed here, wait til it dies down)I like Hopleaf for the beer selection.  The food is OK.  Mussels are the best item on the menu it seems like.  But I don't think the food is worth the 1.5 hour wait that seems to always come with it no matter what night you go on.  And it is so freakin' crowded (thanks Check Please!).  But if you love a huge beer selection, wading through the crowds may be worth it.  Upstairs always seems to be less hectic than downstairs but its still hard to find a seat.  But hey, if the choice of a zillion beers appeals to you enough then you probably won't mind.Great beer selection.  How do they get all those glasses straight!?!  I just ate appetizers but they were all very yummy.  The goat cheese pie was very tasty.  Mussels delicious and plentiful.  The aioli sauce with the onion rings and french fries were addictive.  Very good.  I would have given it five stars if they actually had service in the front of the bar, but we had to get our own beers and order from the bar.  Really crowded, is the upstairs open?I think the beer was good, selection amazing. Kinda like a bar environ, this place would be better with more servers, and more bartenders. We basically had to bus our own table. The existing staff seemed overwhelmed and not very interested in picking up extra tables. The door greeter was a bit snippity and uninviting. Again though the beer was tasty if a bit overpriced, but I loved that they had an amazing selection.Hopleaf is pretty great but it's always, always super packed and waitstaff always seem frazzled. Bartenders seem a bit pretentious. If it came head to head I'd prefer to go to the Map Room but alas, I live much closer to Hopleaf so Hopleaf it is.my first thought after a delicious meal at the Hopleaf Bar was "I am going to yelp the shit out of this place!". and better late than never, i am living up to my words. i was visiting my friend in early september and she decided to take me to "this awesome swedish/gay/artsy area" near her place. Being swedish, artsy, and quite gay friendly i was all about it. We walked into the bar and were told it'd be a bit of a wait. totally cool. we strolled upstairs and ordered rounds of cider (anyplace with cider is a place i want to be) anyway, about 5 min later we were seated, and i kept getting this nistoligic london gastro pub feel which I LOVED. I ordered muscles and fries. ok so like, i've never really done the muscle thing so i have nothing to compare them too but i will tell you this much, they were phenomenal. the buttery wine sauce dipped in crusty bread...ahhh salivating. and yummy fries to boot!? this place is allllright. my friend ordered the curried version which were also supremely tasty, however i preferred mine. loved this place and that will most defiantly be my first stop off the plane my next visit out, and in writing this review and drudging up all these savory memories it may get me out there sooner rather than later.I love this place. It's so cozy and everything that's great about a pub. I was in this place on a Monday night and even then it was pretty crowded. I ordered the Sierra seasonal Ale and another seasonal ale on tap. They were both delicious. I split two sandwiches and all I have to say is that pb&j sammie is deadly! The best combination of flavors. I will for sure being going back to this place time and time again!Delicious food!!!  Got sausage appetizer which was tasty with their horseradish mustard.  I ended up getting CB&J sandwich - it's freaking awesome!  Switched out fries for a side salad. Hubby got the steak frites.  It was chewier than he would liked, but still good.  Fries are awesome with it.My husband and I went to celebrate his birthday with a Dogfish 120min IPA and the afternoon at the bar.   The menu looked amazing and I wanted to try everything. After being somewhat rudely ID checked at the door, we went straight back to the dinning area.  It was a beautiful Chicago day and the patio was full.  If we asked for the patio why would you put us in a corner stuck away from everything and everyone. hmmm  Things started looking up again when our waitress brought out the beer to him and a mead for me.  We ordered the mussels (amazing).  We tried both styles. They are a huge portion and enough for a meal. We never saw our waitress again till she wanted her tip.  By that time, I didn't want to leave her anything.  The table next to us sat a single patron who had been asked several times how his food was and who was tended to well.  Two steps to the right, where we sat was ignored.  To sum it up the food was great, beer and selection was great but the service was poor poor poor.  We were only steps away from the greeters and what looked like the manager and no one came to ask us about refills or anything else to eat.  This place was memorable for the wrong reasons and we wont be back. Its not worth the trip from the loop. I found out later from my sister and mother who sent gift certificates as birthday presents, that the email communications were snarky and rude.  And when we went to use the gift cards, one envelope had a hard credit card style certificate and the other didn't (only a piece of paper with a credit amount).  Again, no waitress.  When I explained what was sent to us they acted like we were stealing or something from them.  So, I gave them the envelopes and everything that came with the gift cards.  They did accept what was sent with attitude.     The atmosphere and attitude outweighed the quality and variety of the menu.  Its not worth it.  There is better food and better bars with great service that I would rather support than this snarky, rude, and snobby bunch.Wont be back.If you like beer, I mean REALLY like beer, like you roll it around in your glass, sniff it like the guy from Sideways and savor the carbonated goodness as it glides down your throat, then this is your place. The Hopleaf is a haven for beer lovers. With a menu (yes that's right, a MENU) of beers from all over the world you're sure to find something that makes you drunk. I might suggest the 10.5% alcoholic Delerium Tremens. Or, you could just close your eyes, flip the pages and point. That works well too.The enormous beer menu is what makes this place awesome!  I wasn't impressed at all with the food or the service in the back but I'd definitely go back here for some beer!You're going here for the beer selection.  And you're trying to impress someone.  I mean, it's a good place to hang out too, but really, you could do that at any bar.  You go to Hopleaf to have hundreds of different beers offered to you.  It's an added bonus that the prices are reasonable.Not sure this place needs another review, but what the heck. I like the upstairs bar (go into the back and up the stairs), it seems a little quieter and more relaxed. Just know in advance that it is cash only and they don't have anything on draft. In case you have not picked it up from the other reviews, they have a great beer selection. I did take a star away because the bartender upstairs seemed to disappear for 20 min every time I needed a beer. Great place to hang out though and very close to the Neo-Futurists Theater.Enough said here.  I'm from Milwaukee and moved a couple blocks away from Hopleaf.  It was recomended to me from an ex-Hopleaf-Bartender who owns (now 2) great beer bars in Milwaukee that emulate Hopleaf in their extensive, massive selection (Palm Tavern and Maple Sugar).  Needless to say, if you love beer in a laid back atmosphere, go to Hopleaf.  Yeah, if you go on Saturday or Friday, plan to spend an hour or two sampling beer and waiting for your table (you can order apps at the bar).  The food is EXCELLENT and a perfect complement to thier beer.  Mussels (get the beer ones), stew, rabbit, charcuterie, sandwichs, everything is top notch.This is a quality bar. Their beer list is nearly unsurpassed. Weekends turn this place into a festering suburbanite hellhole. Come during the week, have some Kwak or Tripel Karmeliet, feast on some pommes frites with an amazing dip, and enjoy yourself.Ok so we live in Chicago and mussels dont really come around here much.. not Maryland style anyway so take this how you want to. If you are from the East coast or live by the ocean then look away. However, Hopleaf serves my favorite lambic and my husband goes bananas for all their beer choices. The mussels are D E L I C I O U S and the fries and mayo are surprisingly addicting. We're vegetarian so there really arent other dishes we can have there, but we love us some mussels and mayo and fries.My favorite place to drink beer in Chicago.  The staff is awesome, the food is amazing and the beer selection kicks ass.  Nothing beats Hopleaf.I was looking for a good, relatively casual restaurant in Andersonville and chose this one based on some of the reviews.  Was it a good choice?  Yes, definitely serviceable.  Was I bowled over by it?  Not particularly, especially with respect to the food.  But that could have been my fault on the choices I made.Summary: Sat down and our server asked us what we wanted to drink.  They had a ridiculously extensive beer list.  I told her I wanted something amber.  She then threw a couple more questions at me to try and narrow in on something I would like.  While this would probably have been helpful to some, I don't know that I think of other adjectives for beer other than color. So when I told her I didn't know my answer to some of her queries (kind of like when you go to the eye doctor and they are testing you for glasses and they ask which is better and they look essentially the same so you don't know what to say), she seemed a bit annoyed by my lack of beer knowledge.  She was like some kind of beer sommelier and my crude palate might have offended her.  Anyway, in the end she recommended something for me and when it came it was REALLY good.  So she was really good at her job!  Oh, and when my beer came it was this strange glass that was held in a wooden contraption.  Kind of like a test tube in a test tube holder because the glass was tall and skinny and wouldn't have stood up by itself.  I thought I was supposed to take the glass out and drink from it and then put it back in the holder to keep it from spilling but she informed me that I was to just grab the wooden handle of the contraption and lift the glass that way.  It felt a bit strange, but it did work.  I'll see if I can post a picture of the thing...When it comes to the food I was excited about the menu.  There were lots of things that sounded good that I wanted to try. We got an onion ring appetizer that was good but nothing extremely special.  We also got the mac and cheese which was excellent. For my main dish I got some sort of pork stew with golden raisins and gorganzola dumplings.  It sounded interesting and I rarely turn down dishes that involve raisins.  But in the end it wasn't very good.  I think the problem with this dish was the sauce.  Everything was completely submerged in this very thick and heavy brown sauce that covered up all of the subtle flavors in the dish.  The sauce needed to be much more subtle to allow the flavors to emerge.Service was fine, beer menu was great and our waitress was almost too knowledgeable about beers! And while my main dish was disappointing, there were enough other interesting looking dishes on the menu that I would probably give this place another try if I lived in Chicago. May just have been that I picked the wrong dish.Where are all the fives?  Duck Ruben, Pork Belly, Cheese Plate, Cashew Butter & Jelly all washed down with a Delirium or 6? This place is gluttony in it's purest form.  Too bad the wait is always so long...Good pub food and atmosphere. Unique menu with upscale choices. The cauliflower salad was fantastic, though I could have passed on the pork tenderloin sandwich. The mussels were very good (HUGE!). Great beer menu.hands down my favorite place to eat in all of chicago.  yes, the beer selection is absolutely amazing, and i'd be remiss not mentioning the selection from trappist to micro.  however, what goes often unnoticed at this place is the amazing food they offer.  personally, i almost always go for the mussels in white wine and pomme frites.  i've tried the same dish at other belgian places in other cities, and let's just say that hopleaf has spoiled me.  i also recommend the cb&j or the duck reuben.  and as far as appetizers, you cannot go wrong.  literally.  they have never served me anything that i didn't absolutely love.  and i've been there more times than i'd really care to admit.  one warning, the wait can be brutal unless you get there before 6:30 or so.  but, that just gives you a chance to sit at the bar and try some new beers, and how can that be bad?The beer list at this place is among the most impressive that I've ever seen.  Being a bit overwhelmed by the sheer quantity available (and the quantity that sounded good), I asked my server for a recommendation.  What I got was the most delicious beer I've ever drank, I forget the name, but it was one of the Belgian drafts.  The food was also top notch.  I'm always a big fan of a place that has different options, apart from your typical burger, pizza, chicken tenders selection.  I started with the butternut squash soup (which I can never resist when it's offered), and it was quite good, the flavor was incredible, although it was a bit thicker than what I've had in the past.  I ordered the monkfish for my entree, a super delicious dish, which actually got better with each bite.  If you are a good, unique dinner, or just a few beers after work, come to Hopleaf, you won't regret it!Made the trek over here from the Berwyn stop and it was well worth it.  Tasty beers, excellent selection of beers, cool atmosphere, loud and fun..  YUM.Had a meal here on 10/8 that was simply epic. The beer list, the food, the service, and even the prices were all positives. Yes, it was crowded. Yes, it took an hour to get a table. That is because it's awesome.MEH, It's OKFour stars because we have only been there once.  However, the muscles in beer were excellent!  The beer selection was all one could ask for at a reasonable price for microbrews.  The staff was friendly without being overbearing.  The best thing is it looked like the menu changes seasonally if not monthly.Best beer selection in the city.  Reasonable prices.  Great food as well.I've been hesitant to write a review of Hopleaf because I've only come here for events and I feel like it wouldn't convey an understanding of the true Hopleaf experience. Well, I came here for an event again last Tuesday (Goose Island Bourbon County Stout tapping with 7 versions of Goose Island's delicious BCBS) but this time I stayed for food so felt like I could give it a thorough review. First, I'd like to say that the fact that I only come here for events shows the dedication Hopleaf has to the craft beer community. They like to open their space to let special things happen, how many other opportunities am I going to get to try that many types of BSBS (pro-tip, coffee is by far the best and I preferred the 2011 to the 2012 but there was some dissension among my group on this one). Second, the food, amazing. They're very creative here and offer a changing seasonal menu that accentuates that creativity. Really fantastic place to grab a pint and a bite. Yay for Hopleaf!Best beer selection on tap and in bottles in Chicago. English ales, Belgians, Germans, Americans... I am going to waste my lifetime drinking here. The ambiance and food support this goal: the rooms are full of wooden tables and booths, the back one is non-smoking with high ceilings. It looks like your favorite destination bar ought to. As for food: the frites are amazing on their own, but become like ambrosia after beers two and three. The seasonal menu always pleases. Futhermore, any joint with a homemade neon shrine to Bell's in the window deserves extra credit.A large selection of beers means nothing to me if there is nowhere for me to enjoy them.  It makes no difference how early or what day of the week you get here, there is never, ever a place to sit, and even if you stand, you'll totally be in someone's way.  There's a huge bar upstairs, but it's never open when I go there, so 283 people and their Delirium have to sardine in the 12 x 12 foot space on the first floor.I have been coming to the 'Leaf since before they had food, and were just a Belgian beer hall and the back room was non-smoking. It does hold a special place in my heart; I developed a taste for 'fruity Belgian ale' while living in The Netherlands, as well as Leffe, and was thrilled to find it in Chicago back in the day. Hop Leaf is a steady winner in so many areas: great European beers and ales, $5 pints of Dogfishhead 90 minute IPA on tap, moules et frites, and the dreamy CB&J served with a side of stilton mac n' cheese. I have tried on several occasions to recreate the CB&J at home--I even stewed my figs!--but nothing has come close to Hopleaf's. The only downfall with the sweet and savory sandwich is that it discourages the drinking of the Leaf's amazing Mustard Ale. Speaking of mustard, the sausage plate rivals anything you would find at Hot Doug's. Back to my favorite beer, it compliment and heighten your experience with the Nueske ham sandwich and the brisket sandwich, so never fear. Mmm...the Nueske; there's a reason TOC voted it the best thing they ate in 2006!  Perhaps Hopleaf is trying to compete with Lula for the longest wait and snottiest hostesses. My boyfriend and I know that a great dinner at the 'Leaf can be had earlier in the evening on a Sunday, say, around 6:00 and no later than 7:00, with minimal stress and irritation. Don't bother with the salads, which, while doused in tasty vinegrettes, are chinzy. The bar upstairs serves a minimal selection of drinks and doesn't have anything on tap (this might have changed), but is kind of a fun place to sit. You might want to order your drinks downstairs and stroll upstairs to sit. If the wait for the dining room is forever and you need to have mussels, try to eat your meal at the bar; dining in the front room without actual waitresses can be stressful and annoying.I searched and searched for White beer and have found it here. Great beer selection. Will have to go back to try the fries and mussels everyone keeps raving about.A great place for a date, to hang with friends or just spend a lazy afternoon sipping world class beers in a friendly, laid back, non-pretentious atmosphere. Fantastic selection of imported beers, many on tap, many hard to find. Reasonable prices for what you get. The crowd is very mixed, young/old, business pros and working class. I like that very much. The kitchen  doesnt open til 5. it's worth the wait. The menu is seasonal but does always have the fantastic mussels steamed in ale. Served Belgian style with Frites and garlic mayo. Amazing. My wife loves the decadent Morbier, Cashew Butter and Fig Jam grilled sandwich, which is quite remarkable. There is always a veggie offering too. Get there by 6 pm or you will be standing. A classic bistro style bar with the best beer selection ( and some decent  wine too) in Chicagoland. I cant recommend this place higher.This place gets crowded.  The selection of beer is eclectic if that's what you want, but the food choices are great too.  This is definitely a place to check out, especially on a night when it might not be full to capacity, unless you don't mind the wait.I don't know that I was expecting anything in particular here in terms of selection or service, but I ended up not really being impressed.  First off, when order drinks at the bar, I was greeted with a smirk as I was asking about the some of the selections offered.  Now the bartenders wasn't trying to work down a line of people or anything - this was mid afternoon after and the place was dead.  Isn't one of the big points of this place the selection of beers they offer and being proud of that selection - why be a jackass about it?!  After some time there, the company I was with started to get hungry and I went up to the bar to get a menu.  I was given a menu and was told that the kitchen opens at 5PM.  Glancing up at the clock, I see that it's 5 till 5 and ask if I can put in an order now and I'm told "no".  I asked him if he was serious...come on...five friggin minutes.  Anyway, I ordered the onion rings type things and they were really good, but all in all, everything else was not so good.I went late one Sunday night just before the kitchen closed and they were kind enough to serve us.  Great tasting food, very original menu and it's hard to beat the selection of beer they serve.  Great atmosphere.  I feel lucky that it wasn't crowded that night.The Hopleaf is one of the best bars in the city-hands down. I love everything about it.  I stumbled upon this bar when I was freshly 21 because of the proximity to my house and the beer.  The beer selection is the best in the city (something like over 250 beers), the food is fabulous, and the bar itself is beautiful.  And if there is a beer not on their list, you can request it, and odds are they will try it out.  You will not find any Miller or Bud here so if that is the kind of beer you drink-you are not wanted here.  I have been to Belgium a few times, and the Hopleaf could fit right into a neighborhood in Brussels. They specialize in Belgian food so you can expect to see things like mussels and frites (with amazing garlic aioli), rabbit, and a great steak.  You can also find a CB&J which is cashew butter and fig jam served with emmenthaler mac and cheese. Paired with a good Belgian triple and you are set for the night. Seating in the front can be very difficult on busy nights, so pay attention to where certain tables are in their meal/drink.  Food is served everywhere but the back part of the bar is the dining room.  The hostess will seat you here, but again expect long waits thurs-sat, and they don't take reservations.  They just added on a charming back patio with six tables.  This is also first come first served, although I hope they will re-think this poor decision.  The only reason I did not give Hopleaf 5 stars is because the management is not the best it could be.  They seem to work fine if nothing goes wrong, but they do not know how to handle problems.One of my neighborhood bars, they have such a great beer selection and the food is good too. I will admit though, I do avoid it Fri & Sat nights. I need breathing room and will never be the one to wait around an hour or more for a table or a meal.Oh, Hopleaf.  You're grand.  Lovely and sweet and kind.  And crowded.  Crowded is my only problem.  But clean and lots o' delicious beer. And close!  Hearts for Hopleaf.oh i wish i live so much closer to hopleaf!absolutely love their beer selections, the bartenders give the best suggestions and i have not had any beer there that disappointsit is always packed when i go but that's a good sign, isn't it?I have been coming here since I was in College.  The best beer place in Chicago. Can't go wrong with 8-10% beers from any part of the world.I like beer! So I really enjoy heading here and trying a couple of different ones. I went on on Monday night which I think is key didn't have to wait around for a table or a bar stool. I have been there on a busier night and its just to crazy and loud for a laid back experience.GREAT selection of beers, love the atmosphere, and the food is exceptionally better than most people would expect at a bar! Love coming here in the fall and winter...Beer, beer, beer!  The selection is sheer bliss.  The atmosphere is great, but seating can be a challenge.  Food is tasty -- try the cb&j sandwich.Yummy mussels and awesome fries with aioli!!very cute and cozy bar & restaurant.  i was very glad the upstairs bar (cash only; no food!) was open b/c everything was filled up when we got there at 8pm on a thursday night.  great beer list and we moved once there was a table in the restaurant and ordered some food.  the fries were delicious, the mussels looked great (didn't have any but my table did) and the server brought us some tasty bacon & brussel sprouts which were a mistaken order by the kitchen (yes please!).  i would say hopleaf is a great place to catch up with friends over some tasty beer and more sophisticated bar food.  do it!If you live in Chicagoland, you really can't call yourself a beer connoisseur if you have not been to Hopleaf Bar. The beer list is so extensive, that you will have a difficult time picking one. Not a bad problem to have. If you are looking for something exotic that is not from Belgium, Hopleaf most likely won't have it. I recommend checking out the beer list on their website.I am not even a big beer fan and I LOVE this place.  The mussels are great. They come with homemade shoestring fries and an alioli that is addictive.  We got the sausage sampler with the white beans with pancetta (since we just had fries with the mussels) and I am GLAD we did.  The white beans were WAY more delicious than I could have expected!  I also tried the strawberry and duck confit salad.  Delicious too.  Mac and cheese?  You guessed it, delicious.  I love this place.Great place!! Good food and good beer, only it only looks like a regular bar  when you go inside its a whole new world .Did you know that the enormous umbrella on the back patio is custom made?  I've actually never sat inside Hop Leaf, only under the biggest, custom made umbrella I've ever known.  If you like beer, this is the place for you.  I think the beer menu rivals The Fountainhead which recently opened a roof deck, so it would be interesting to have a showdown between the two.  Anyway, food is decent but the beer is the reason to go.  Servers are always busy, scrambling around and you know they're doing they're best to accommodate your requests.  I think it's the best spot in Andersonville to chill out and meet with friends on a warm summer evening.This place hit the spot. Great beer selection and creative, fun foods. It does get crowded but if you manage to score a table you are golden. This is place is a must...it has a nice vibe and the staff was helpful in describing what to expect with your beer selection.A great bar.  Sort of out of my usual stomping grounds, so I don't go there as often as I should.  An amazing and extensive selection of great and reasonably priced beers.  Even more importantly, the atmosphere is really relaxed.  It's not a cigar chomping, back slapping "hey let's guzzle down something from Germany!" kind of  place.  Check it out.This bar does so many things right...it's just a shame it gets so crowded. The beer selection is almost unparalleled, and the Hopleaf's menu goes far beyond one's expectations for typical bar food -- honestly, it's very high quality dining and worth visiting just for a meal...although you'd be foolish not to stay for a few beers. My only complaint about the place is that it can get packed beyond any reasonable standard, and on weekend nights you sometimes have to wait fifteen minutes just to get a bartender's attention. Not that the service is at all bad, but it's just an insanely popular bar. It's best to go early on a weeknight if you can.Great atmosphere and more beer than you can shake a stick at!This is my absolute favorite neighborhood bar. The extensive beer list, friendly staff (most of the time!), and amazing food makes this place stand out. In the summer there is a really cute patio. The only drawback to this place is that it is SO popular, that it's too damn crowded most nights! Go early.Best mussels in town. Pair that with a Tripple Karmelot (on tap)... enough said.if you like beer more than almost anything else, you should go here.you should probably like standing up while you drink it, at least for alittle while.i have had a couple of snooty encounters here. i guess that just happens when your the hippest thing around... but overall the staff is great and the beer selection is great... and this place still manages to stay down to earth deep down.watch for the wine tasting events... they are a REAL. good. time.The most delicious beer menu paired with the most inventive panini sandwiches you have ever had.  Fig in a sandwich? Check. A beer menu that would make a wine snob cry? Check.  A place to go visit, You betcha.  No seriously the food is good, and not good for a bar good, GOOD and if you had 3 different beers every time you came here, it would take you close to 20 visits to complete the list.ahhhhhhh life away from 22 year old obnoxious frat boys. i need to head north more often. i love their huge beer list but next time when i plan to stay for dinner, i'll make it a weekday or just arrive earlier. a three hour wait on a friday night was not ideal but we were committed.this is another place i had no excuse for not trying earlier. granted, we were a bit tipsy after the wait and a few pumpkin ales - but we still appreciated the spread. the spinach and leak tart and dessert (of course) are the most memorable. in case you haven't heard me say this before, there's NOTHING wrong with salted carmel gelato...While the food is amazing, the wait is tedious.  The last two times I've tried to visit, it was so crowded that even ordering a beer was next to impossible.  I do love the concept and design of this bar, but I feel the vibe has changed over the years.  While I used to enjoy the laid-back feel of this place, it now seems more like a bar one would find in Lincoln Park.  Quite unfortunate for lovers of good food and even better beer.See the other 700+ reviews, but I'll add my piece:  This place really is great...if you're lucky enough to grab a table.  If not, there are plenty of other places to check out in the neighborhood.  If you do get that table though--there are plenty of options here to keep you and your group settled in 'til close.  Check out the CB&J! This place is a favorite of mine, if we can beat the crowds.  Oh yeah, and Delirium Tremens is where it's at.Terrific service and an awesome selection. What more could you want? I'm definitely going to drop by again the next time I'm in Chicago.I do not drink beer so this is review is based on the food alone.   I've eaten here many times.... I live in the area and really never think about eating here as the wait can be over 3 hours at times to get a seat in the dining area.  The food is not worth a 3 hour wait.... not even an hour wait.  However, the mussels are really amazing as are the frites.  I had a steak here last week that I asked to have served medium rare... it was med well to well done.... not so good.  I've had the brisket on another visit and its not very good.... almost horrible.  Stick with the mussels and frites and you will have a great meal.  Service is ok.... the waitress had no clue about any of the wines on the menu.  Again, stick with the mussels and all will be well.Wow.  Gotta say I was tempted to rate this one as a 3 for the table service.  We decided to sit at the bar however and while extremely crowded it was a wonderful place to be with fun people and an amazingly pleasant bar staff.  The beer selection was very impressive and the food was phenomenal.  Mind you this is a BAR!  I've waited three times longer and paid much more at snooty restaurants that couldn't put out this type of food.  Great creativity and execution.  Now if they could just revamp their wait staff and get rid of that attitude you'd be virtually perfect!Let us start with the beer. There is plenty of it. And it's all delicious. The beer tap list is almost biblical, so I could spend my whole night here. But last I've been here, I was there for the beer AND food. The food was pretty good. The limited menu shouldn't dismay anyone, because the brisket sandwich was so delicious, as were the frites. How can anyone not enjoy those two foods with a cold glass of high quality beer?Hopleaf has an amazing selection of beers. The only reason it gets four stars is because you have to order your food at the bar if you sit in the front and it gets a little crowded on weekends. I enjoyed trying new beers and enjoying the genuine bar atmosphere. The steak brisket sandwich and fries were on the higher end of what I would expect for bar food. Definitely a spot to revisit.Love this place.  To put it simply, a bar with great beers and really good food!  This is what "bar food" SHOULD be.  We shared the toasted Neuske Ham on pumpkernickel - SOO GOOD!  We also had the frites, which are done just right here!  Great dipping aioli too!  I really want to try the mussels-for-two here next time - they looked tasty!  It can get kind of loud and very crowded in here, but when you get a seat, it's all worth it!  It's the kind of bar though where you start talking to the people next to you, to see what beers they are trying, and you talk about the food, and you all make friends.  Just that kind of place.  The bartenders have been there a long time too - and are so friendly and knowledgeable.  Can't wait for my next visit to Hopleaf!Good food. Very wide beer selection.  Decent wait staff.  And only real knock would be the wait... on most nights... dinner-wise, it's at least an hour.  Also the bouncer smokes right outside the door and if you're sitting right it, you'll inhale all the smoke.  Obviously not a big fan of nicotine.Cozy but totally packed bar meets brasserie up in uptown, but is it worth the loooong wait?  2 of us came on a Friday night, passed through the totally crammed upfront bar area to the dining area in the back, to find the wait for dining seating to be 1.5 hours. We were directed to the seated bar upstairs (more like a waiting room for those waiting for food), and had several beers - specifically, we tried the Camay Red, Goose Island Matilda, and some other "Indian" beer in a can.  Ambiance is dark and candle-lit, but can't say its as romantic as I had expected.  Not sure it's deserving of the hype or far drive up to north, unless you really are a beer connoisseur and can appreciate some of their more rare selections.Great food, great service, great beer! Not much more to say! :)  Try the Duck Ruben! :)My husband and I had our first date here seven years ago, when it was divey and the restaurant didn't exist.  Needless to say, I have a certain fondness for this place.  I don't come here often, but we went on Monday for his birthday.  We arrived late - after 9pm - and it was still bumping.  The food (mussels galore) was pretty stellar and while the service was less than impressive (they temporarily lost my credit card and charged me twice), it just added to the charm.  Or maybe it was my beer goggles.  Either way, the Hopleaf is a treat just for drinks,  for dinner or both.I tried the mussels for two.  Never had mussels before.  Friggin' delicious.  Make sure to ask for extra bread to sop up the amazing broth with the mussels.  Had desert of chocolate mouse thing, again, friggin' delicious.  Perfect for a small desert if shared between 2-3 people (or one person if you really love chocolate and feeling stuffed). Giant beer selection, but unfortunately, I'm not a big beer gal.  So for those who think this place is only for beer, it's not.  Food I had was delicious.This could have been a bad review, but the accommodating staff made it a great night. I went here with 3 others and I was the last to arrive. I was very surprised to walk past the bar, up the ramp to the restaurant area and find my friends immediately at the edge of the ramp and right next to the hostess podium. I was immediately uncomfortable sticking out where patrons and staff were passing by me and if the traffic got heavy, staff got too close to our table and in between me and my friend while talking. My friend then was annoyed too and explained how uncomfortable it was too the hostess. they were nice about moving us and did so quickly and then the rest of the evening was great!! The beer menu was a fantastic selection with great descriptions. as we were celebrating my bday, I was ready to try a few types, but after ordering the bar-bar...I was hooked. delicious!  We got the Charcuterie Trio and onion rings (you never had onion rings like this before) for apps. so good! I ordered the Grilled Gunthorp Farms Chicken for dinner. I think I said it was delicious about 5 times while eating it. The atmosphere is very cool, staff was friendly, and the food, while slightly pricey ...amazing!  Im very excited to go back actually.just take the table by the hostess podium away!!!I love this place. It's my go-to spot in Andersonville. The mussels are always great, and it's hard to find decent seafood in this city. The beer selection is solid as well. The patio out back is great where they grow herbs that they use. The place has a lot of good seating, and I always have great service there.Was there for lunch today & enjoyed excellent mussels and charcuterie tray.  Also had the heirloom tomato salad.  Service was outstanding; waiter very knowledgeable on the menu and the many beers they offer.  Very pleasant surroundings to catch up with our son (you could talk!)  Home run!  Highly recommended!Went here with my girlfriend a while ago and really liked it. They have lots of beers to choose from with helpful bartenders who will recommend something based on your personal tastes. They will even give you a sample before you make a decision (something very nice if you're ordering different beers each time). We didn't have any of the food there but everything that came out looked great. We will definitely be stopping back next time we're in the area!This place has a wide variety of beers from around the world, and some super-obscure beers, too.  i ordered with some friends a beer that came in it's own weird-ass glass, like a chemistry decanter with a wooden frame built up around it.  i don't even remember if the beer was good........anyways, it has a great atmosphere in the back room allowing a good sized groop to get loud and drunk.  i think they also serve food, but since i don't read the other reviews below me, ( i don't want to be influenced) I'm not sure.Been going for a dozen years or so.  Still the best beer bar in Chicago (fuck you, Beer Advocate, no way the Map Room is higher), but fading slowly.  Certainly has changed, obviously with the restaurant addition, but more so due to the neighborhood (see "Sir Spa", across the street).   The original charm of the bar was in its conversational nature (that one tiny tv in the corner is still funny).  Yes it's true, the majority of the servers are, have been, and will always be rude.  Just a situation where inevitable popularity and growth causes fundamental change over time.I love the Hopleaf.  The only reason I give it 3 stars is that it has gotten way too crowded.  Good luck trying to get in with more than 2 people on ANY night after 7 PM.   The food is great.  The beer selection is amazing.  The wine selection is extremely small (2 reds by the glass to choose from) but always good.  This is not a fancy place, it is a bar.  It is really smoky in front and even if you sit in back you will come out smelling like smoke.  The service kind of sucks but we always went back for more because the overall package is great..   The garlic aoli and the pomme frites are to die for.    The main thing that stopped us from going (we were regulars) is that we couldn't get seated anymore.  Maybe you can grab a few tables in the front, but maybe you can't.  Too bad for you if you met friends there for dinner.We really used to like this bar when we first moved into the area. It does seem like it has gotten to be super trendy though. Now there is never anywhere to sit, and it's pretty hard to even get near the bar. The beer selection is awesome, but also pretty expensive. And forget about the food. If i want to pay that much for dinner I'll go to a restaurant. Just my two cents.Great beer bar. Food is ok as well.Yum!!! One of the only places to have mead on draft and a very extensive list of GOOD beers.  I had the cashew butter and fig jam sandwich (with a mild cheese, pan sauteed to crisp the sourdough bread) and after the mead, had a very good IPA out of Michigan.  The server was very pleasant and will be heading back Thursday with my Dad.  I don't know why the most recent reviews are bad.  I was VERY pleased.  Give it a shot.  Andersonville in Chicago, IL.The Hopleaf is good, but also the most overrated bar in the city.  I might be tempted to give it 4 stars if yuppies weren't so batshit crazy about it.People who have never been to a Belgian beer bar before give it five stars.  It's good, but not five stars good.  The beer selection is adequate.  The food is weird but sometimes good.  The clientele is great during the day, but it can get too crowded and crazy during peak hours.Best beer ever here!!!!  And a great place to sit with friends.  Can be a little crowded on weekends, but it's worth it!My friends took me to Hopleaf during my last visit to Chicago.  Actually, we were going to eat somewhere closer so we could walk, but those among us who were Chicago residents insisted on Hopleaf so hard that we decided it would be worth it to cram six of us into a tiny car and drive across town, with one passenger in the trunk.  In the end, their persistence was fully appreciated.  In short: this place is everything I want in a restaurant / bar.  The sandwiches are incredible.  Although I had heard good things about "the best ham sandwich in town," I ordered the CBJ on a whim.  I could not have been more happy with this grown-up version of the peanut butter and jelly.  It was the perfect combination of sweet and savory, and surprisingly filling.  I was also lucky enough to sample both the beef brisket and ham sandwiches, which just made me want to order everything on the menu.  The beer selection is phenomenal.  I mean, I've been to Belgium, and I saw a larger selection of Belgian beers at Hopleaf than I did in the country of Belgium!  The beer menu descriptions were thorough and accurate.  Although I cannot remember the beers I tried by name, I was happy with them all.Hopleaf's interior is cozy and warm, with exposed brick and running fireplaces.  Although our server wasn't very attentive, everything was so good that I didn't even care; I figured she was probably just having an off night.  My only gripe is that Hopleaf is so far away from me!  I will be eating here every time I visit Chicago, that is for sure.Everyone that comes to visit me gets taken here for dinner, usually on the first night. Mussels for Two, Belgian style is always a winner.Being an avid beer fan, Hopleaf is like an oasis in the chicago uptown area. The collection of drafts and Belgian specially, are something I have never seen anywhere else. My personal favorite over here is the Kwak beer which comes in a real fancy glass. My review is based on the drinks, food and the place in general:Drinks: As mentioned earlier, Hopleaf hosts a variety of beers from the standard drafts to craftily brewed belgian ales. There are the usual whiskeys and scotchs' as well, but this place is mostly a beer place. Apart from Kwak (which is a must-have), I would also recommend Ommengang.Food:The menu is pretty limited but thats understandable that the place is more about the beer than the food. However, whatever's on the menu is fairly well-made. I would recommend the Mussels and the duck.The place:The only thing that leaves a lot to desire is the space available. Typical wait-periods for a dinner table on weekends can be from 45 mins to 2.5 hrs! The place is easily crowded due to its small size. The ambiance is very old-euro style with even the staff looking very european for some reason.Overall, its a great place to hang out with friends if you're looking to spend a couple of hours drinking beers.After several visits to Hopleaf, I still find myself torn between 3 and 4 stars.  I'm going with 3, because while I agree that the beer selection is fantastic and the bartenders are very knowledgable and friendly, I can't shake the feeling that the attitude of the establishment sometimes is that patrons should feel really lucky to be there.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great little neighbhorhood bar, with a great beer selection, but service can be a bit iffy (particularly in the restuarant), and the bouncers can be gruff when there is absolutely no reason to be.   If they worked on that a bit, they'd get another star from me.Hands down my favorite bar in Chicago. Great food + great beer selection = worth my time and money!This place is fine, GREAT beer selection, nice ambiance. Problem is, it's way too crowded. All the time. The only way to do it is to eat in the back, and then leave and go to one of the other neighborhood bars. It's too bad, because it should be a place where you can just relax with your friends and take advantage of the amazing beers they have in the appropriately selected glass. I really dislike going here because you can't move at all. Much prefer Glasgott'sAlmost always crowded - great for people watching, but you may need to wait for a table.  The service is hit or miss with the staff - a lot of friendly mixed with a little bit put out to be there.  Look, I know, your job sucks, but so do ours.  And I know that servers hate this, but I've been there, so I know you have to just suck it up and put on your best happy pants face sometimes.  Like I said, most of the staff are friendly, and efficient (which is even more important), but there are one or two duds in there.  The bartenders are great, so if you have the chance, eat at the bar downstairs.  If it's not swamped, they'll chat you up and swap stories, tell you what's the best on the menu for food and drinks, etc.  The crowd is a mix of locals and people from other neighborhoods.  Also a mix of ages, etc.I don't know why I let so much time elapse between Hopleaf visits.  I went back last weekend and had the most wonderful dinner.  I think this is the best place in Andersonville for food, the best place in the city for beer.  We had mussels and the CB&J and a fantastic sampling of beer.  I'll definitely be back VERY soon!I got to try this place out this past Sunday night during my visit to Chicago. I briefly considered giving them only 3 stars for this review because the hostess' bad attitude really bothered me and almost spoiled my dinner experience there (see bottom of review, downgraded to 3 stars now). Although we asked her in a very respectful manner, she made no secret of the fact that she was extremely annoyed by our request to move to the table right next to us where some people were about to leave (we asked right after sitting down, because our table was right by the hallway and there was a cold draft that was very uncomfortable). She then actually made us get up and wait in the front area. In the meantime, the first table we were sitting at remained empty the whole time we were standing up waiting and there were no people waiting to be seated so there really didn't  even seem to be a point to making us get up in the first place. When we came in, there was no warm welcome, when we left she looked our way as we walked right past but there was not even a simple "Thank you" or "Have a good night" from her. Unlike her, the bouncer by the front entrance actually had the class and business smarts to thank us for coming.  But in all fairness, the cozy dining room, friendly waitress, great food and impressive selection of beers still need to be rewarded with a decent rating. I don't recall the name of the Belgian style beer I had but it was very good. We tried the Latkes appetizer - very good.  As an entree I had the rabbit stewed in beer with small dumplings, onions, carrots etc, which I liked quite a bit. I also got to try somebody's CB&J sandwich (on sourdough with cashew butter and fig jam), which I thought was good but wouldn't necessarily order myself. Somebody else at our table had the Braised Venison Ribs - didn't try them myself but the person who ordered them said they were very good.In conclusion, I would return to this place for dinner or to try some more of their excellent beers but if I encountered another similar unwelcoming experience upon arrival as with the hostess that night, I would prefer to spend my $$ elsewhere.A follow-up (1/29/11): After writing this Yelp review, I went to the restaurant's website and emailed it to them along with a very polite message that I simply wanted to make them aware of the issue with the hostess that night. I received an automated "Thank you for your comment. We will get back to you as soon as possible in regards to your message" email. But it's now 6 weeks later and I never actually received a reply from anyone. That, along with remembering the fact that I hate it when employees of an establishment where I go to spend my money have any kind of an attitude with me, the paying customer, just cost them a star. Downgraded to 3 stars.Fabulous, mind-numbingly extensive beer selection and above-average pub grub. If the downstairs bar is crowded -- and the downstairs bar is almost always crowded -- ordering a drink can take eons and may lead you to suffer a massive coronary from pent-up frustration. Table service outside of the restaurant is spotty as hell. Poor staff. Hire more of them.GREAT beer selection. Wonderful staff. Horrible clientele. They act like 17 year olds who snuck into a bar and got drunk. Food is meh. Would be five stars if the patrons weren't so obnoxious (not the fault of the bar) and the food was better.I had a drink at the Hopleaf tonight and was really happy with the atmosphere, prices, and of course the AMAZING selection of delicious craft beer.  I've read that the people here were pretentious and stuffy, and I couldn't disagree more.  The bartender was very friendly and the place had a great atmosphere.  All of the food sounded awesome, so I'll be going back tomorrow night for dinner!I think after a second visit, this merits a review.Pros:-The food I've tried has been fantastic.  I really dig the Frites even though, yes, they're essentially French Fries, but honestly I don't really like fries normally...and I can't get enough of these Frites!-Montreal-rub brisket sandwich was very solid.-Beer selection, especially on tap is phenomenal.  Not only is there a variety of different types of beers but none of the beers I've seen on their selection is sub-par!  We actually had problems figuring out which ones we wanted!-The servers and wait staff are fairly friendly.-The separate classier dining area is really nice in that it's not just your average pub where you grab a drink.  Bring a date too!-Yes the food is a little pricey but you get what you pay for.  The beer though I think is reasonably priced for the quality of brews.-The atmosphere is neat, a little noisy at the bar (but what do you expect?).Cons:-Prices for food are rather steep (at least in the dining area).  Don't expect your cheap-o bar food.  I didn't see a bar menu so they might have one.-"10 minute wait" for a table was more like a 30 minute wait.  Some updates from the host would've been nice instead of just standing next to us at the bar just staring into space.-Our server was a little scarce.  Twice I had to stand up to look for him and flag him down.  At least he was a nice guy. -The timing of our food was spaced out quite a bit to the point where when one friend was half done with his or her meal, the next two plates came out, and when they were halfway done, mine came out.  And we all took our time with our food.-If you don't know what kind of beer you like, the beer lists may be overwhelming.  Even though I know what kinds of brew I prefer, I found myself very conflicted very often.  Thankfully, the bartenders would let me sample a few to see which one I'd order and they were helpful in what kind of brew I was looking for.All in all, definitely check this out, whether you want to take a date out or if you just want a good ol' time with friends.Pricey, but the beer selection is amazing and, surprisingly, so is the food!  I was not expecting the menu to live up to its potential but was really wowed by what I got.  The only reason I dock a star is because this place always seems to be so overly crowded, which I'm not crazy about.The beers are wonderful here.  If they did flights I'd be even happier.  There are bottles up to $45 that I'd love to try, but that's probably not going to happen as my taste in beers are quite different and those bottles are quite big.  The food is ok - it's described a lot better than it taste.Considering this page already has over 1,000 views and 4 stars I don't need to ramble on about how good this place is. Just check it out and nothing will disappoint. I absolutely love it!Love, love, love the food! And when I want some craft beer this is the place I would come.  The duck ruben in my fav... but thw whole menu is good.  It can be crowded and hard to find a table or even a place at the bar if you are going to drink and not eat... for the most part the area designated for the diners has a space available.  This is a place where timing is everything in finding a table for either section.Try a beer you've never had before. Order mussels. You're welcome.Great food, great beer, crappy service.  If you ever wanted another reason to dislike hipsters, this is where you'll want to be.  I'm not talking about the customers either.  The waitstaff are the most rude arrogant people I've ever met in any establishment.I had such high expectations for this place, so I think that is why I was a bit let down.  Beer...amazing.  And thier outdoor space was really nice, I had a fun time here drinking and eating with a girlfriend.  We had the Mussels because I was told they were the best in Chicago...I was sadly disappointed.  The fries they serve with them are great and the serving for one was enough to feed the two of us.  We got the wine and ham mussles, the ham overtook the dish and that his all I could taste.  There was twice as much ham chunks as there was mussles and they were a bit dried out.  We also shared the beet and orange salad and the ramp waffles.  The salad was very good, but I craved more orange.  The ramp waffles were pretty bad though, one dimensional and just not very satisfying.  Final disappointment was the service...our waitress was helpful and nice, but she was services the entire outdoors, about 12 tables. I had a good time though, despite all of this.  And I definetly want to give it another chance ~ I even know what we are going to order this time.  Beer mussles, carrot salad and duck ruben.  I'm rooten for you Hopleaf...don't let me down again!amazing! I've heard all sorts of great things about this place and I finally took the time to head up to Andersonville and how I regret not going before. They don't take reservations, so we went very early, 5pm, on a friday and got to sit in the outdoor patio. Their beer selection is impressive. We had the mussels in the beer sauce, special duck confit eggroll, and tilapia sandwich. It's a cool place - with no pretentions - as refreshing as their beer!Great food, great beer, great friends!  Love this place!My wife and I went here on a Sat night a few weeks back. We saw this place on Diners Drive-ins & Dives and decided we had to check it out.Parking was relatively easy, we parked about a block away, and it was free. As soon as we entered, we were greeted and directed as where to go to sit eat.  My first two impressions are already good.I knew ahead of time which craft beer I was going to try.  So as we approached the bar, we were greeted by one of the bartenders (who was very helpful and I wish his name ) I had a question about the beer  and he answered and served me almost immediately.  I tried the Tripel Karmelet, which I must add was AWESOME!!  We went just for the Montreal style brisket, but I would definitely just go and enjoy more of that beer.I ordered the brisket sandwich covered in french fries.  Was better than advertised!Our experience was well worth the trip from the burbs.  We will definitely be backEven for a non-beer drinker, I had a nice time at Hopleaf.  Place was packed on Saturday night, even up front in the non-service areas.  I tried two of the hard apple ciders, and they were pretty damn good.  The husband had about 6-8 beers...way too many for me to list, but he enjoyed the variety, and enjoyed sampling new ones.  For dinner, I had the duck reuben w/ the infamous fries.  Sadly, I wasn't too impressed by the actual duck.  It was kind of bland, but luckily the rest of the flavors in the sandwich helped make up for it.  Also, way greasy - they left all the fatty bits in it.  The fries were crunchy and delicious.  Hubs had the Belgian mussels, which I tasted.  The mussels were yummy, but the broth was reallllllllllly salty...I guess to get some flavor in the mussels.  Makes me sad because the broth is usually the best part!  For each couple, we spent about $90 including about 10 drinks, 2 entrees and tax/tip.  Not bad for that many drinks.  Honestly, I probably would have enjoyed this place more if I was a beer drinker though - the beer pros in my group loved it.This quickly became one of my favorite places in Chicago.  They have a beer for every one and pretty good food.  The only problems are the crowd and the fact that its so far north.A friend and I stumbled on Hopleaf while looking for a dinner place on a late Sunday evening. The place was packed, and we were surprised that such a large crowd was out drinking on a Sunday night... but we liked it. We finally got a table, and took a looong look at the extensive beer menu. It was overwhelming. Neither of us are exactly beer experts but settled on a pint. The beer was fantastic, the atmosphere was an eclectic mix of hipsters, couples, and locals. We looked at the dinner menu and decided that none of it sounded good to us (pork belly, frog legs etc.). We enjoyed our slightly expensive beer, and the surrounding people. I'll be going back, for beer, not food.This is a friggin' sweet bar.  As everyone else has mentioned, the extensive beer list is the reason to drop in.  It is crowded on the weekends; however, if you venture out at 12:00am on a Tuesday (like I do), then it's pretty sparse.  The only draw back is its "hipster-ness."  Sometimes I feel a little too uncool being there...a lot of emo, punk, etc. people frequent the bar.  But overall, it's pretty nice.Amazing beer selection: the bottles and draft selection will blow your mind. The sandwiches and other entrees are good, but overpriced - I would stick to appetizers. Waitstaff and bar tenders often seem short-staffed. The crowd is a bit too hip and trendy for my tastes and the place gets packed quickly, but neither of these have ever stopped me from jumping at the opportunity to go here.Hopleaf is the best beer bar in Chicago, in my opinion -- the beer menu has a table of contents. It's very good, high quality beer from around the world. They usually have about fifteen Belgians on tap. The food is excellent -- I'm not a mussels fan, but that's what everyone loves. The only downside is, it's very busy, so try to go some time off peak.My favorite bar in Chicago. Ridiculous, absurdly good beer menu, with at least 30-40 draft choices (at least 10 Belgian) and hundreds of bottled ones. Map Room, Small Bar, Quenchers, et cetera don't even come close to this place. And they're all served in the right glasses. Prices are in the $5-8 range.Food is European gastropub fare, with some great stews and game birds, a killer Montreal-style brisket, and very solid frites. My only complaint is that it gets very crowded on weekends, and you will wait up to 2 hours for a table (they don't take reservations). Best to hit it on an off day, or get there a bit before the evening rush.Excellent selection of beers and authentic, tasty food.  Try the mussels and their version of the PB&J.  Go during the week and go early.  They don't take reservations and it's always packed.  If you're looking for good Belgian food and beer, go here instead of The Publican.Great selection of beers. None of the domestic trash like Bud or Miller. Mostly fine imports that actually taste like beer. Great atmosphere, like an English pub. Cozy, but it can get cramped. Worth the drive to the northside, a good place to hang out and spend a nice evening with a friend. They keep the music pretty low so you can actually talk.  So if you're a big fan of beer and want to try some of the best in the world, come here for the evening.I always leave here feeling freakishly happy. Maybe it's the Kwak...One of my favorite places to take out of town guests before Too Much Light...I love this place!  I'm not a beer drinker, but I have been very pleased with the selections the servers choose for me.  Nothing beats the outdoor patio for dinner -- the mussels are a must!I'm a big fan of Hopleaf.  My past experiences have been 4-5 stars, but this past weekend I left disappointed.  I ordered the Crispy Pork Belly, which I've had before and it was melt in your mouth tender and flavorful.  This time it was chewy and bland.  It was so bad in fact that I reluctantly sent it back.  I ordered the pork cheeks instead and they were okay.  They were not nearly as tender as they should have been, and the potatoes accompanying them were raw.  A friend of mine had the mussels which ordinarily are big and juicy, this time they were tiny.I'm not sure if it was an off night or not, but I'm hoping it was just an anomaly.  I'm giving it three stars based on past experiences, it would have only gotten two if this was my first trip.  Step it up Hopleaf.Hands down one of the best and most mixed bars on the north side. Their beer selection stands above most bars in the city, and the food is local and delicious! It's always packed, so get there when it opens if you want a seat!Delicious beers that you would never find elsewhere, friendly staff(even in a tiny place) and the mussells were EPIC!!!Beers = GREAT selection/qualityFood = Mediocre, our table tried the mussels (no big deal to make well), duck rueben, Montreal-style smoked brisket, onion rings w/aioli, side of German potato salad, the sausage plate starter. The highlight by far was the sausage plate starter, worthwhile. Every other food item we had was mediocre at best and the German potato salad was pathetic.I'll wait to try it again after the cold winter has settled onto Chicago and I'll make sure to go on midweek day rather than weekend.i do like the hopleaf - but i wish they had a few more folks tending... (is that a common theme in my bar-reviews? :P)overall a good experience and i've heard the food there is good. its kind of a hike for me (from lakeview) so i've only made it up there if someone's in from out of town or its someone's bday (after a long haitus of meetings).Outstanding beer selection (best in the city?)!!  Food is good too.  There is a friendly community vibe inside...very welcoming!I like Hopleaf. Great Beer list ...mmmDaisycutter Ale!! And interesting food, although I will say that the portion-to-price seems weak. Your concept says "Big Beers, Hearty Food, Exciting Menu" but then the plate comes, and well, the balloon deflates. Clearly there is a winning combination here, judging by the crowds and the near two hour wait almost anytime... but for myself Hopleaf will only be that occasional restaurant.If Yelp ever offers 4.5 stars, I will apply it here.  As many others have stated the Duck Reuben rocks- so say my 23 year old daughter.  I sampled my wife's Brisket, which really should be labeled Corn Beef for accuracy sake.  It was awesome.  I had the Japanese Eggplant which was tasty, but not omg.  I had the beans/pancetta side dish and that was just okay.  I sampled my wife's Stilton MacNcheese which was very good, as were my daughter's fries.  I will definitely come back, waiting to be super-wowed the next time so I can update this great place to 5 stars.Great pub with incredible beer selection. I had a brisket sandwich which was ok. Nice ambiance. It would be great if they offered beer flights. I will  go back.Um... Cashew Butter sandwich with fig and cheese accompanied by one of about a million different beers to select from... what's not to love about Hopleaf!  If you're a beer lover you have to check out this place but be prepared to wait on most evenings.  It's well worth the wait and the food menu will keep you coming back just as much as the beer selection.Hopleaf is one of the only places that carries the only beer I drink, which is Lindemans Framboise. But why wouldn't they? They have an outstanding beer menu! The little back room is a great place to dine in, away from the crowded bar. The food is exceptional and affordable. Love it.My gosh, this place is fantastic! I brought my boyfriend (who is from Philly) here as a suprirse because he's a fine beer fan.  He loved it and even the beer selection baffled him.  I chose this place because of the good food choices as well.  It didn't disappoint there either! Yum, we had duck meatballs, the CB&J, and the brisket.  The risotto cake in the duck meatballs was divine!  Wow, I'm so coming back here!!!!!This is my all time favorite bar! The beer is fantastic and the food is great! I have never been in the back part of the restaurant due to the fact that everybody in your party has to order food but I have heard that's really nice and they have a great beer garden! I know the front part of the bar is always loud and the tables are always full but that is what makes this place exciting. You have to always be on the look out for a free table and race to claim it. I love the environment here it's truly a classic bar. Check it out!Hopleaf is one of my favorite Chicago places.  It is cozy, warm with the largest selection of Belgium beer in the city and awesome food to match.  The mussels for 2 and and a glass of tripel karmeliet is the perfect meal.  Everything else on the menu us great too.This is my over all all time favorite place.  I have to limit myself and only go once a month because I don't want to get bored of the place.  I tell everyone about this place and always take out of town guests here.  Order the Quak!  You own't regret it.  If you can drink more than 3, you are a better drink than I.I LOVE HOPLEAF! for its beer selection, mussels, and (yes!) french fries with aoli.Great beer list!  CB&J sandwich is killer.Hopleaf is one of my favorite restaurant/bars in Andersonville and one of the best gastropubs in Chicago.  The service is friendly, albeit a bit slow (but  really, who's in a rush with this massive beer selection?)The food menu is great if you're in the mood for heavy, salty, savory and rich (think a fatty beef brisket, duck reuben, ham and gruyere on pumpernickel, pork belly, steak, etc).  The mussels are AMAZING -- by far the best I've had in Chicago.  Be sure to ask for extra bread when you order so you can soak up the delicious broth.Unfortunately, not many items to choose from should you want something a bit lighter.  For this reason, I'm not a big fan during the summer months.  And while they do have a few vegetarian options, this is NOT the place to bring your herbivore friends.Prices are surprisingly reasonable and portions are huge - you'll definitely leave with enough food for tomorrow's lunch.Ambiance is dark and warm -- perfect for a snowy night with friends.  I suggest coming on an "off night" to avoid the lines and waits that other folks here have complained about.I love, love this place! If you love Belgian beers, this is your spot! They have a wide variety of Belgian beers on tap and the food is great: given the fact that we're talking about pub food. I had a duck sandwich with fries and it was delicious! It's always packed, so better arrive early to this great Andyville little gem. Cheers!Really really appreciate this place and so glad it's expanding - Just wish they were expanding all the way to Atlanta : )  Pub grub as it is meant to be.  Playful but still sophisticated.  Excellent beer selection, again not taking themselves too seriously but there is no doubt they know what they are doing.  The atmosphere is quirky and young, some might say hipster but I just think it has local color.  Andersonville is a GREAT neighborhood and Hopleaf is a fitting flagship for it.  Everything I've tried here in my meager 2 visits has been delicious and reasonably priced.  SUCH a good deal!!!Lots o'beer, gourmet pub food - fantastic!! Double gold star for the waitstaff actually knowing stuff about the beer being sold there. I've been to way to many specialty places where the waitstaff is all "uh, I dunno, I haven't had that one yet."  Be warned though, the upstairs bar is cash only.Hopleaf... your beers are awesome, your menu is bomb, but you are too crowded--on a disappointingly consistent basis.  I wish I had the constitution to squeeze in to the swarm of "cool kids" from time to time, but I'm too afraid I'll catch an ironic mustache.Mussels, fries, & righteous beer. If you like any of the above, go here immediately. Visited several times. The Bus Staff have ADHD. I thoroughly enjoyed every visit. Highly recommended.Love this place... Sat on the patio underneath the apple trees - very picturesque setting. The server was knowledgable about the beers he was recommending and introduced us to a couple of new things. The food was very good too - we had the mussels, potato croquettes, and the octopus carpaccio.Ok for this is my boyfriends favorite place in chicago so far!!! The selection of beer is phenomenal. His favorite beer so far is a Duvel and Quack. He also has to gets "The Mussels with white wine sauce for One" He has tried the mussels with beer but prefers the ones with the white wine sauce.They ask for your ID at the entrance, so no kids allowed which we love because you can enjoy your dinner without a winning child in the background. The outside patio in the back is also very nice. The bar in the front can get quite noisy and the bartenders aren't the friendliest people. We usually go to the bar upstairs while we wait, which is cash only. It's very small, just a tiny corner but the guys upstairs is nicer than the people downstairs, the waitstaff is very nice people always friendly and willing to help. I'm sure we will be back soon.  He keeps us going back. We would recommend it.I was visiting Chicago and went here base on Food & Wine Magazines ratings.  I expected the beers to be great, which they absolutely were.  But what surprised me is that our food was just as good as the beer.   The grilled radicchio salad was out of this world.Allow me to start by complimenting this RESTAURANTS fantastic Belgian beer selection. That said, I will not be returning anytime in the near future, and no, I didn't try the food. The reason for this is that after sitting down with a party of eight, my sister (20 yrs. old) was refused entry at the door repeatedly, even after our intervention explaining that she was their to eat with us. After the mediocre service from the staff and the stark refusal to allow us to EAT, we were more than happy to leave our waitress dumbfounded as to who was going to pay for our awful service. Her answer, Hopleaf was.Pros: Great beer selection, they give you a lot of fries, Oysters were good, Outdoor seating is great. Cons: Service is terrible & Food is average.Love this place - amazing beer selection and delicious heart stopping food.  Can't go wrong w/ butter!  Yum yum yum.  Highly recommended.  Very cozy and fun.Great beer selection, unbelievable build out a couple of years ago expanded this local watering hole into a viable dinner option as well. Great brisket, fries, mussels, etc. Many great esoteric beer offers to compliment one of Andersonville's finest outside spaces. Good staff too. A bit pricy for what you'd go there looking for.This is an awesome bar that pretty much has every beer ever made. Seriously. However, I hate the fact that it tends to be really crowded.I love this place..if you're a beer drinker, it's a must go.  The food is fantastic and always a treat.  I tend toward the staples...mussels or the ham sandwich or the sausage plate...but when I do stray from my mainstays, I've never been disappointed.   They recently opened up the back "deck" so you can sit back there and eat now which is really nice.  I however, will continue to find my spot at the bar and enjoy all the tasty beers and conversation.Just beware that this is a BAR and that they will not - under any circumstances - allow children or babies in there.  They card everyone, so be prepared.another one of my favorite restaurants evar. the beer selection is fannnnntastic with tons of great belgian beers on draft.  my personal fave is kwak, a dark amber beer, but it's hard to go wrong (unless you venture into lambic section, then it gets a little funky). the food here is equally great and really compliments the beer...or vice versa.  the mussels are as good as advertised. i personally like the curry flavored version when its available, but the traditional belgian style is always a good choice.  i highly recommend the duck reuben and the cb&j. cashew butter and fig jam sandwiches are surprisingly good with beer and is a sweeter alternative to some of the more savory menu items.  be prepared to wait for a while on popular nights and try not to have too many beers while waiting.  those belgian brews are sneaky strong and 3 or 4 usually mean the girlfriend is driving home.This bar has INCREDIBLE beer and incredible food.  I recommend the muscles.  The bartenders are a little snobby/unfriendly...but I would be too if I worked at a place that cool.Great beer selection!!!  Try the raspberry beer.  Delicious.The atmosphere is really cool here, too.  There are a bunch of people who just seem to want to get together with friends for a relaxing good time.Good bar with top notch staff and a lot of people having a good time. Almost too many beer options. (If that's possible)The only downside is that the place gets too busy and if you don't have a place to sit, you're bouncing off other people.If you're going for your first time you might want to find a slow weeknight to go and sample some of the beers. That way when you go back on a busy night (Friday to Sunday) you know what to order.Now that I only live a block away from the Hopleaf, I know that I'm in trouble.  This is my idea of a perfect bar.  The music is classy and not too loud.  The food is innovative, but not too stuffy (and reasonably priced).  The ambience is cozy, comfortable, even romantic.  Most importantly the Hopleaf has turned this girl into a beer drinker.  I have never seen such an extensive selection of brews.  I now find myself craving a chocolate ale or creamy citrus brau weisse.  Last night I sampled the famed CB&J and Stilton Mac & Cheese and knew I was officially hooked.  Hopleaf will be seeing me quite often!Great beer. Great atmosphere. I'd happily add a fifth star if they had more veg/vegan food offerings.Update-I wanted to let the readers know, that I received a sincere apology from the waitress and the manager regarding the incident.  This is greatly appreciated. Sometimes its not what you have done, but how you react to it... and Hopleaf has acted with extreme class.  Mistakes do happen, and I am willing to give Hopleaf another try.I love duck!  Best duck sandwich in Chicago.  World class beer selection.  Plus they have Sidra, but I'd be cautious pouring it if you don't have a steady hand.Since my previous review the front room staff seems to have improved their disposition. The room is still the same size, though. I recommend going right when the place opens, around 3:00 in the afternoon, and avoiding "rush hour" (Fridays and Saturdays from 5:00 until around midnight). When you can get a seat, and you can spend some time sipping a fine brew with a friend or by yourself, there are few places like it in the city.OMFG!  I have been going here since Mike opened the place...last night I saw Jesus when I had the goat stew.  It wasf*#cking awesome.  I only wish I had gotten some biscuits with it to mop up the sauce.Dope beer! Shit load to choose from. Awsome food! Best bar grub by far! People pay top dollar for this type of food (they even gotta dress up too) but not at this joint. Mussles and frites with truffle aioli are sick! Very cool kitchen crew. They even let me work in the kitchen as an intern. Most definately coppin some of there recipies! YOU GO NOW!So good, I brought my mother. Hopleaf gets knocked a star for burning Mom's pumpernickel (not a euphemism), though.Mussels and an amazing beer selection! The Cb&J is also mighty tasty(a lil greasy)but good. If you aren't in a beer mood they have a nice scotch selection too. I wish it wasn't so busy, but i would be prob giving it a 2 if it wasn't as busy. There is a reason why people will always go to Hopleaf. If you haven't been go now, even just for a beer. Go for the Kwak, it's my fav:)Thee best booz selection in Chicago. From Chicago made beer to WTF is this delicious beer from?!!! Food in the other hand, too fancy for me. I personally didn't enjoy it and its too pricey!!You can order with a blindfold and just point your finger anywhere on the menu - all the dishes have unique twist. I always crave the steamed mussels. They come with fries & garlic mayonnaise - plus a crunchy baguette to sop up the sauce. Big fat menu of Belgian beers. The upstairs bar is nice and roomy in case you have to wait for a table.I love love the food here. The mussles are a must. Always tasty game on the menu, try some.  They seem to have a large beer selection too!I went here on a Thursday night with some friends after wanting to go back for a long time.  I had come in 2007 or 2008 and really enjoyed myself.  Finally I came back!  We waited an hour for our table--that's fine, we were able to wait upstairs where there were only about a dozen other people and choose our beers for the night.  Once we got our table we pretty much ordered right away.  Two of my friends ordered starters and entrees and then myself and my other friend just ordered entrees (I got the duck reuben, the others got mussels, fried onion, ravioli, chicken sandwich or something).  The appetizers came out surprisingly fast, but we did not see our waitress or our entrees for another hour.  The first thing I (and the rest of the table) noticed was how incredibly burnt my sandwich was.  I've never actually returned something in a restaurant, and this was the first time I really wanted to.  But I was starving and there was no sign of anyone coming near our table for who knows when.  So I ate it.  The bread was rock hard and I did scrape a decent amount of the carbon off of it.  By the time our waitress finally came back to check on us, we were all done, and ready to get out of there!  I took a picture of my sandwich on my phone, but I can't figure out how to upload a photo to the review... is that possible?I'm sure I'll come back, but I'll stick to bar service and try many more of the delicious beers that I didn't get a chance to try!Mussels + BeerBest Belgian Beer selection outside Belgium.I walked into this place not knowing what to expect. I knew they had a great beer selection but I was not expecting the yummiest food I've had in a long time. I had three couples in my group and we decided to each order something different and try each others meals. EVERYTHING WE ORDERED WAS GREAT!!!!!  Every bite you took you would discover a new element to the dish that made it even better. At the end of the meal we asked for bread just so we could sop up that little last bit of sause. The food was well worth the price.  They beer was outstanding too. My sister is not a big beer drinker and she found a few she loved. It was a cozy,warm, and romantic atmosphere. The service was great.  I will defiantly be back.Another great selection of draft beers and great food. The muscles are always great along with the steak and frites. Will definitely be back.The  menu is always interesting and awesome, the waitstaff knowledgeable and attentive but not overbearing, incredible beer selection... I always get the mussels for two with my boyfriend which has never failed to impress and comes with fresh warm bread!The beer is awesome.They have a wide spread of beers available and i have had a beer or two which are very eclectic like the "spotted cow". The world famous beer which is made and sold only in Wisconsin.Atmosphere is very lively. The curly fries that they sell are to die for. I'll be back.The beer selection is fantastic, and the food is tasty (although the menu is not exactly full of variety). It is often crowded and loud, and the service is hit or miss. I like it because I love the beer selection.Love this spot for belgian brews and mussels!Why would you go here?  Oh yeah, you're young (early 20s) and you get blown away by the beer selection and don't mind the noise, wall to wall people, and horrible, awful service.  Or you're from out of town and going into the Big City is 'exciting' and you see this huge beer list and are blown away by it.  That is who the Hopleaf is for.  The staff here isn't really good, at all.  The best you can hope for is perfunctory service (which is totally fine for me, and not a problem) - but that is not par for the course for this place, your bartenders will let people know they are superior to their customers, and the wait staff isn't all there mentally, they seem very inexpierenced.  This is your typical hipster elitist BS.  Like I said, you probably wont even notice if your a young hipster-doofus or if you don't come into the city often.Do yourself a favor, walk a 1/2 block north to Andersonville Liquors and pick up some microbrew IPA's and go chill at home with friends.  You'll have a much better time.If you want a bar with beers from around the world, then try Quenchers.  Free popcorn and less attitude.Wow, it's a lot bigger than I thought!! Great place, great ambiance, love that it's near me :)Huge selection of craft beers from around the world both on tap and in the bottle.  The only problem with this place is it can be very difficult to get a seat on busy nights and it is quite loud.  If you do make it to this place though, you have to try the mussels in Belgian beer!This place is awesome! Not only is the beer selection great but the food is too. There may be a wait....but it is worth it. Just sit at the bar and drink some Belgium beer. As for the food, go with the mussels which are delicious that come with fries and this yummy garlic mayonnaise, and the sandwich listed as the ham and gruyere....it seems simple compared to everything else on the menu but it is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The waiter also recommended it to me.I have been thinking about this sandwich.Im excited for the next time we go here....it is a must.After being here a dozen times, I have to say that this place is one of my favorite bars in the city!  Why?  Cause the beer selection is exceptional, and the bar tenders are friendly, attentive, and more than willing to share their knowledge with you. This place makes me feel at home every time.  The food is ridiculously delicious and everything is moderately priced.  I have never had a bad night at this place, never!  Now the parking...good luck!  Oh and it's always busy, but you'll get a seat, I promise!I almost walked out of that place; the bartenders have the biggest ATTITUDE (no smile, no eye contact, talk to you while looking away, etc.).I waited for a table in the back to grab a bite. They were nicer there but the food was really greasy. Not impressed.I found a great bar on Lincoln Ave. by Roscoe called The Green Lady. It has a comparable beer selection and everyone is super nice in there.I wanted to like this place because I had heard great things, but we did not have nearly the experience we hoped for. Service was pretty bad - we were told it would be a 25 minute wait for our table, and it took nearly an hour. Then even once we were seated, we waited...and waited...and waited. I was starting to think no one was going to come to our table. Once we finally got an order placed, the appetizer arrived pretty quickly. But then for the entrees, we waited...and waited...and waited. Once the food finally arrived, it was a huge disappointment. I ordered the duck reuben sandwich, and the bread seemed like it had been dipped in oil. It was so greasy I could not eat it. My boyfriend got the tilapia sandwich, which he said was pretty bland. Our server didn't seem at all concerned with the fact that we barely touched our meals - she didn't even ask us how things were.While this place has a fantastic beer selection, and the mussels we had for our appetizer were decent, we won't be going back.Food, 3-stars.  (Except the mussels, which are really good and very plentiful for the price!)  The rest of our meal was fine, but not exceptional - what they are trying to cook is priced right, but the flavor just doesn't measure up. Mac 'n cheese was pretty good, but had a slight burnt taste. Compressed melon salad had some interesting components, but was under-seasoned and didn't come together as a cohesive dish. Brisket had good smoke, but again not punched up in flavor. BUT, service was excellent; lots of seating options, from quiet/cozy to seen-and-be-seen; and the beer selection is phenomenal. Will definitely be back from drinks and maybe apps.mussels and the try as many of the beers... but you must have the mussels!!This is a Chicago institution and yes they have a great selection of beer but its a technology fail. Had two beers and the bartender charged me $23 instead of the $18 that she should have. Way over charged for one item then needed to "re run the card" to void the transaction but just ended up charging me for both tickets. Now I have a $18 charge and $23 charge for two beers. F this place and F the dumb lying to my face bartenders that work there and the owner for having a crappy Point of Sale system. This is the second time in three visits they have over charged me.been here a couple times.  food is alright, kinda pricy.  over hyped as usual in these gentrified parts.  stand up doorman dude.  stuck up hostess busy having private conversation giggling on the phone for five minutes while we're standing right in her face waiting to be acknowledged.  walked right out and down the street to lady gregory's.  there's competition now fools.  i can over pay for "gastro" bar food and craft beer somewhere else.  get your act together suckahs!Very extensive beer list, many from Belgium, and the ones I had tasted very authentic. The Rochefort 6 was good, but served a bit too cold for my taste, while the Chimay White was excellent. Very good mussels, and French fries (they should actually be called Belgian fries) much better than in most places outside of Belgium. The shortcake with fresh berries was an excellent dessert. Went there on a Monday night, and it was busy but not crazy. The only reason why I will not become a regular is because this place is WAY up north.If you like Belgian beer you will like this place - not much dark craft beer though.  All in all - awesome beer selection and good vibe.  The fries are tasty if you are looking for a snack and the menu is not your typical "bar" food.  Nice spot for dinner.  Man it gets crowded though - I guess all the good spots do.I wasn't blown away.  They have a ridiculous beer selection, mostly belgian's, too bad I'm not crazy about belgian beers.  Went on a Wednesday night ~ 6:30, waited about 40 minutes for a table, not bad.  The food was ok.  Their special, the mussels, not that special.  The brisket platter, pretty dry.  If I go back, I would try something else, but I'm not in any rush to get back there.Far too pricey considering the alternatives in the neighborhood.Beer selection, however, is excellent.The food is certainly superb, but once again, really pricey for what you get.The cashew butter and jam sandwich with a DFH Raison d'etre is the perfect combo, IMHO.It is quite crowded, but it's to be expected.Among the best beer bars in the city. Folks, don't come here and ask for a light beer...that's just silly. Especially since Simon's and other "joints" are up the street, just begging for your Bud Lite business. The food is unique and quite filling.Im giving the hopleaf 5 stars based on the excellent selection of brews that are rotated. I usually go on a Saturday afternoon before the crowds and enjoy a few of the excellent brews they have to offer, The bartenders are Quick and well versed on all the brews. Excellent setting.....ok. I ate dinner there first and the food had gone downhill.  There were always too few choices-or too few vegetarian choices, but everything was average to below average.  I still like the ambiance in the bar area, though.When I lived in the neighborhood, I came here several times a month (usually after 9PM on weeknights to avoid long waits).  The food is great, though firmly in the "fat is flavor" category of cooking.  The beer selection is wide, and novel.Might be my favorite place to consume food and beverage. I've visited many times now. I've tried many items there. None have disappointed. The beer selection 2nd to none. friendly staff. The only bad part is leaving, because i wish i was there as i type this.Hopleaf would get five stars from me on the beer list alone. (And mead?! I tried it, and hated it, but it was cool to have on the menu.) But two deliciously paired words will forever put Hopleaf in the pantheon of great Chicago restaurants: Duck. Reuben.I have been here several times and I have never had anything but a great experience. Yes, at times it is packed, but that is because it is a great place with great food and not only a HUGE selection of beer, but a ton of great beers. Every time I go I will order one or two of my usual and then I randomly pick 2 new ones from the beer menu. Now of course you aren't going to like every beer that you order if you do it that way because there are so many different types that you are bound to get a kind of beer that you aren't fond of.  If you aren't feeling as adventurous just as one of the bartenders, who are extremely knowledgeable and are great at steering you in the right direction.The only part of me that wants to give this place anything less than 5 starts is the part that doesn't want anyone else to realize how great this place is and to have them show up and take the last seat, but the employees here have always been great so I have to give them what they deserve.Like my friend from Belgium said, it's probably good for american tourists...stale beer, huge choice though. The food is nothing more than bar food.Maybe I was expecting more...I'd go back but just to sit at the bar and drink probably.Believe the hype, the mussels are fab - brew list is good, too, although nowadays many places are focusing on craft beer and there was nothing here I haven't sen elsewhere - nice touch in that there is NO tv - big negative is how p-a-c-k-e-d this place is all the time - always a wait unless u luck out at the bar - good to go if you've never been, but be prepared to waitMy favorite neighborhood bar. It's clean but still comfy. The draft beers change enough and the specials are different. The cashew pb and j is yummy.Good biers & food. The service was not bad, it was non-existent. I'd go back, but maybe not on a Saturday night. Home Bistro is much better.This place is worth the wait!  Awesome mussels and a great beer selection!First of all, I'm not a beer fan but the Lambic Kriek is amazing.  It's like a cherry slushy without the ice.  I'm craving one right now just thinking about it.  And the food......if you don't like the food here, I'm truly sorry.  The mussels, onion rings, rabbit, chicken....the list goes on and on, AMAZING!  It's not your typical stuff you mom would make and that's what I love.  We had Charcuterie Trio to start with.  We were given a list of items to pick from outside of the menu.  We picked the headcheese (tender and great favor) that is worth trying.  I promise, if you like pig, you will love this.  Then the liver mousse that melted in your mouth.  And the duck prosciutto that was so delicate.  For the main course my husband had the rabbit and it wasn't gamey and very tender.  Just fell off the bone.  It has a little touch of spice to it.  He love the light salad or vegs on top that he couldn't quite figure out what everything was.  But with each bite, he was saying, "yum".  I had the PB & J sandwich.  The mac and cheese was amazing, great favor and cheesy.  I asked for a side of thin cut onion rings instead of the chips.  Best onion rings I've had in a long time.  Sandwich was good, not too rich and it was a nice change from the mussels I've been ordering for years.    The service is better than most places.  They know their beer and give great recommendations on the food.  The owner is also very friendly if you ever have the chance to meet him.  Just a regular hardworking guy with a great business plan!  Cheers!The beer list is great but the experience and food were bad. Four of us went to Hopleaf on Saturday July 7 at 8pm. We were seated in the new expanded area upstairs. Warning, it is extremely loud. To the point that everyone at our table had to yell to have a conversation. After placing our drink and food orders it took over an hour to get served. Our waitress "forgot" to bring the wine after being reminded twice. We had to ask for water 5 times before we received it. Our food orders took so long that tables that were seated after us had eaten and left before we got our food. In fact only three of us got our food and the fourth had to wait 15 minutes before she got hers. We had ordered the brisket (it was room-temp), steak frites (greasy), and the chicken (also greasy). The food was almost inedible. I really wanted to like Hopleaf but it's gone way down hill since the expansion.Great back patio - it's worth the wait. I'm not a big drinker but I can appreciate their massive selection. We always get the mussels - the size for 1 is great for 2. But the new reason they've solidified my love, and the reason I'm writing this review: the pork chop. It's the best thing I've eaten all year, hands down. It was perfectly cooked - I don't know how they do it, but it is completely worth it as the most expensive thing on the menu. I'm usually a budget diner, but I won't hesitate to get the pork chop again.  We also love the sausage plate (with the german potato salad), and the brisket platter. The one thing that maybe didn't wow me was their seasonal corn waffle entree. It sounded delicious in theory, but in the end I just didn't think it came together all that well.You will likely wait a while for a table, and they're likely working out the kinks of just having expanded considerably in the recent days. But if you're in for a leisurely dinner and don't mind waiting at the bar or in their nice outdoor seating area over a few cocktails, it's a great way to spend an evening.Mussels. o yeaBeer. o yeaDont ask for a miller lightWhat's there not to like? great Belgium beer on draft and amazing homecooked comfort food as well...but very crowded on the weekends.I was prepared to like Hopleaf since it is a favorite of some friends, and a member of our group had eaten there often and chose it for her birthday dinner.  After ordering and waiting for a very long time, one of the four of us asked the waiter for bread. She brought one serving--not four--which we shared. We would not have objected to paying extra for bread (it was good) but the service left a lot to be desired. I started with a side salad, just some greens and a couple of cherry tomatoes, with a vinaigrette that was so salty and overloaded with pepper that I couldn't finish it. It was like salad for one with dressing for four. I ordered one of the specials, Korean-style short ribs (which I'd eaten at Korean restaurants). My serving was literally 50% bone, 10% gristle, and 30% fat--and I find a mouthful of beef fat to be really gross.  After several attempts to find an actual bite of meat, made nearly impossible by the low light levels, I gave up trying. I guess I should have ordered the mussels.There are umteen super duper great reviews about this place, so I'll keep it short.  Food makes a poor date worth it.  Beer... well, beer does what it always does, but if you want to learn more about it, just ask.  They know.  Come and meet your friends.  Everybody is talking.  The atmosphere is comfortable.Came strictly for the duck reuben and would gladly come again for the duck reuben-- it melts in your mouth.  Simple ingredients but you can taste the quality.  I have heard the wait can get pretty long given that they don't take reservations, so I suggest you go on a weekday afternoon if you can so you can get seated right away and have that sandwich right away.  Came with lots of fries too!We travel to Europe all the time.The best place to eat mussels its Belgium.But the best plase to eat mussels in Chicago-its a Hopleaf Bar.They make mussels in white vine  and mushrooms .You have to try.Best Ruben .They make ruben with duck meat.Love it.This plase in Andersonville.We go there every friday.I will recomendet to everyone.went to Hopleaf a few weeks ago after hearing good things. Its a really cool pub atmosphere with booth seating and bar service up front then a restaurant in the back. the service was sort of detached like they don't care if you're there or not which sucked. the beer list is HUGE and has some interesting beers. but i asked for a recommendation based on beer styles i like and got a half assed recommendation after i said i was leaning toward one the server basically just said oh i recommend that one then. i thought that was pretty lame. the food was borderline gross. we ordered potato croquettes with maitake mushrooms and it was all cold and un seasoned. next came the meatballs. they were good and served with a sort of garam masala puree Indian style. after that we ordered the grilled whole quail...it was bad. the skin was chewy and slimy not crispy and cooked correctly. no hint of grill char, and served with the same garam masala puree as the meatballs come on at least gimme a different sauce that's just lazy. last the charcuterie plate came out with duck prosciutto some kind of rillette and a country pate. normally i don't like charcuterie because theres only so much fat and salt i can handle at once but the rillette was dry gritty and unseasoned. the pate was also dry but at least tasted like something. and the prosciutto was alright. they did make alot of the pickled stuff in house which is cool. so all in all id probably go back for a beer every once in a long while.Tough call between 3 and 4 stars. Good ambiance, really good service, so so food. Our waitress was great. Very attentive and good at recommending beers and also giving her opinion about the food. The beer selection is mind-boggling, so having someone that can recommend beer based on what you like (or dislike) is key. The food just didn't do it for me. The menu is fairly limited in terms of options and not a lot of things really got my attention. I ordered the brisket platter, which the waitress said was a little bit of a crap shoot depending on the cut of meat your ended up getting. I went ahead anyway, because as I stated, not much was really jumping out at me. It was fine, but just not something that would make me go back. The mac and cheese that came with it was very tasty. My wife has a mushroom soup that did not taste like mushrooms. We both thought it tasted sort of like BBQ sauce. Weird, I know. It wasn't bad, just not what we expected. The sweet potato croquette appetizer was also not something I would order again. Prices were reasonable, so at least you don't feel like you are being taken to the woodshed. Great place for beer and to hang with friends. Would not go there for the food.Is this place incredible or what ! The beer alone is worth the trip . If you have a small party I recommend sitting at the bar . The bartenders are very knowledgeable and helpful . Slim was our bartender on both visits and he is the best ! For lunch we had the duck Rubén which was the best I've ever had . It comes with a mountain of fries but you can substitute a house salad for the fries . The service was A-1 on both visits .I've wanted to go to Hopleaf for the longest time, but the crowds would always be too much of a burden. I finally came here on a Sunday afternoon and we found an open table at the front lounge next to the bar. The food service did not begin until 5pm, so we had to make do with a very good brew to pass the time (I had a Leffe blonde - you can't lose with a Belgian). Once we were seated for our early dinner, we started off with a cone of frites that were absolutely delicious. These were so good in fact that we ordered a second order in a bit. The menu has "gastropub" written all over it, and I was very happy with my bowl of lamb stew. The incredibly rich brown gravy, enhanced by Brother Thelonius ale, covered a generous portion of tender lamb chunks. The stew also featured potatoes, spring onions, peas, and curd-like cheese. My friend had a smallish salad that featured grapefruit "supremes" amongst a host of posh ingredients. I would certainly enjoy coming to Hopleaf again, but one must pick the right time to come by.This is a great place to hang out and have some of the best beers around! They have a pretty big selection for beers, I don't even remember the name of the one which I had, but it was really good. I personally like my beer on the light side, occasionally I will have the opposite but  most of the time I stick with light. What I had was called "White" maybe? It had a great flavor and was almost a bit spicy. Yum! I also had their french fries which comes with a delicious garlicky sauce. Seating can be a hassle since it's a popular joint, but I think it's worth it! By the way remember to have your id with you, they do check!Probably the best bar in the city for beer.  Literally hundreds of choices--its just ridiculous! If you want to go on a beer safari or just try out a beer before you drop $9.00 for a six pack of that obscure Hefeweizen from Cameroon, this is your place.  Just read all the other reviews...However, it is very crowded and you'll really be pressed to get a seat here.  They have a restaurant in the back with pretty good food but I think they would be alot better off downsizing it and opening it up for more bar seating.  It is much more profitable to sell beer than serving food which has more expenses tied to it. They probably fall into that whole 51-49% food to alcohol sales law or something...Maybe they could add a second floor in the back area where there used to be one. The trick is to go there early before the crowds roll in or on an off day.  I would give it 5 stars if it weren't so crowded constantly.  Service is hard to come by as they busy and crowded.  Did I mention they get crowded here? I recommend it highly, it's just too bad they don't have the space they need here.I really wanted to like this place. When I lived in the area, I did. It was one of the reasons for me to shlep all the way north to visit the arctic regions of Chicago. Unfortunately, the service was so bad the last time I went with several friends, I don't think I will ever go back. The food is adequate - other gastropubs have the upper-hand these days. The beer selection is good, but when you have to wait 30 minutes for your beer, only to have noticed that the other half of your party is still waiting for their beer, the cordial atmosphere is ruined. Sorry Hopleaf! I'm sticking to the pubs in Logan Square and de-friending you.People, please stop giving this place rave reviews. You'd think it was the only place in Chicago that served beer. It's overcrowded with a rude staff. Many years ago it was a good place. Now it's not.Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me...Yup, I ventured back for the food and it is at best ordinary across the pork chop (bland), steak frites (over salted fries), mussels and (was it?) duck Reuben.It was also very ordinary to be sat at a table for four with five in our party.Whilst, the beer range is extensive it is not cheap and does not have a good representation of local and WI/MI beers.The highlight of the night again was the doorman (greeters actually greet) and his staring blankly without a word at 'customers' as they left was gold. I think he has confused Hop Leaf with hottest nightclub in LA. Yes, I have a copy of Dostoyevsky's Crime and Punishment at home and do not need to take it out at night to read between checking ID's to give me some type of hipster cred. If you are looking for a good beer range, welcoming service and good food try Fountain Head or Uncommon Ground (Devon). Or a nearby friendly with a solid beer range and hipster free option hit Acre, Hamburger Mary (mainly brewed on premises) or less beer range McIrish - Lady Gregory.Go for the beer, but definitely skip the food. The brisket was fatty, the crepes were burned and inedible, the only thing that tasted good was the frites. Everyone in our party had a bad gut after eating. The place is crowed and the service is poor.So the first place Aydin and I went post O'Hare was the Hopleaf.  I have wanted to go to this place for quite awhile.  I absolutely love Belgium beers and I also love bars that cater to the finer brews and those patrons who appreciate their rarity.  I started with the Tripel Karmeliat and the Mussels cooked in beer.  Aydin ordered the Steak Frites (rare...just how I like it!) and the Duchesse du Bourgogne.  My Tripel was light and crisp and matched perfectly with the Mussels and fries.  Aydin actually didn't like his Duchesse (too sweet) so I ended up finishing that one too.  Instead he went with the De Koninck and it was much more his style...(more on the dry and bitter side).  We sat in the back room away from the smoke and lounged the night away.  It was so pleasant with the exposed brick and awesome kitchy art.  I would say the food however was just mediocre, but the beers make this totally worth it.  I am definitely going to be back, but may try something else off the menu.  If anyone can steer me in the right direction that would be awesome...(btw...I hate shoestring fries)!  Also, all the beers we ordered were off the draft menu and next time I am going for the bottles with some recommendations from the guys who really know their stuff.  Cheers!I had the CB&J as recommended by the waitress and I could only eat half of it. There was a richness overload considering the buttery bread, creamy (but...interesting) macaroni and cheese side and chips. It's a beautiful bar and restaurant, so it's a definite try again for drinks to give a "proper" review.A quintessential Chicago craft beer destination complete with outstanding food, Andersonville's Hopleaf Bar is where its at for Belgian fare in Chi-town. Try the mussels, sausages, sandwiches (CBJ, Talapia, montreal brisket, nueske ham are all awesome), as well as all (yes I said try all) of the entrees. I really like the braised beef cheeks with a side of stilton mac'n cheese as well as any of the specials. All the food here is excellent. Of course this comes at a price and with a wait. Expect to wait awhile for your table (up to hours of you try late on a Saturday evening), but that's A-OK, as the upstairs beer room will allow you to get comfortably numb on big bad Belgian beast brews beforehand. Don't forget to swig on one of many choice Belgian drafts over dinner with friends and save room for dessert if you think you have room (bourbon county stout choc mousse with framboise, yes please). Hopleaf is a must go to for all belgian beer and food lovers.My fiance and I went here a couple weekends ago because it was around the corner from Too Much Light Makes The Baby Go Blind (30 plays in 60 minutes. Check it out). Good beer selection that didn't just included super hoppy beers. I love a very hoppy beer, but we came with someone who doesn't and they were pleased with the selection. The prices were reasonable for Chicago bar and I can see myself coming again if I were in the area.Hugh disappointment.  Love the bar, have gone there for years. Think I ate there before and remember it as very good gastro fare.  But last night, ugh, ugh, ugh.  Ordered the brisket plate on a  recommendation - and understand this is a signature dish and it was unedible.  Had my companion taste, and he said the same - so two of us felt the same way. They did notice I wasn't eating it, and asked if it was okay - so they did make good and give me an order to take home.  Haven't tasted it yet, so not quite certain.  I am not afraid to send stuff back, but didn't this time because just because just had had it, know what I mean?  Just done!!!  Oh well.  The mussels were very good. and plenty for the table to share.  Service a bit slow, especially for the appetizers.  Had to ask twice where they were.  But the staff is nice, no attitude which is always a bonus.  Will try again, but will stay away from the brisket.  Maybe just go to the bar!The Beer is amazing, lots of wine selections too.  The food is pretty awesome, had the steak frites and the little lady had a spinach salad.  Dessert was absolutely beautiful, flourless orange cake and the mousse.  We both did have a bit of a stomach issue afterwards, not sure what it was but I don't want to seem like hopleaf doesn't rock, lol.Food and beer selection is amazing. Service...meh, only reason it looses one star.Always one of the first places that comes to mind when someone asks for a great place for craft beer. This cozy and perpetually busy place sits in my mind somewhere between an old European pub and a warm ski lodge. The vibe can't be beat, especially when the snow is falling and you find yourself at the bar chatting it up with a fellow beer snob barkeep when the crowds are down early in the day. The beer list is formidable as you might expect and heavy on Belgian varieties. Not to worry if you're more into domestic craft brew as they have that covered in spades. This was the first place I knew of to have draft Great Lakes available quite a few years ago and was the first place I tried Surly Furious back when they were distributing in Chicago. So you'll likely be able to try quite a few beers here that you haven't yet found elsewhere in the city. Menu options are somewhat limited, but I've always found that the food was very good. The steamed mussels and frites with aioli are standouts and most everyone would likely tell you the same. The mussels here are easily among the top two or three I've had in the city and will certainly satisfy. The only downside is the popularity of this place. You'll almost always wait for a seat in the bar or in the dining room. Head there at a non-peak hour and you should have a wonderful experience.If you are a avid beer connoisseur (beer snob), you should love this place.   Large selection of specialty and international beers, each with the appropriate serving glass.  Beer prices are on the high side, but that is mostly because of the beer selection itself.  As a far a "specialty" beer bar goes, this is a five star place.  Food is decent as well.  I tend to rate bars on their overall vibe and how it fits into may personal standards (cheap, comfortable, empty).  Hopleaf does not really fare too well in that respect.  Its very crowded and its hard to find a seat even on off nights.  The crowd is typical andersonville plus the hardcore beer snob types (perfectly nice people, but there are a lot of em).  There is no easy parking in the neighborhood, so this place works better as a neighborhood hangout than a destination, unfortunately, it is seen more as of a destination.  It is not cheap, but the beer can be argued as worth it, especially if thats what you specifically came here for.   Nice place, crowded, but not really a type of bar I would want to spend too much time in (unless I got there early and got a table).yes, it was on "check please". yes, it seems to be always crowded. yes, the atmosphere has changed alot since it first opened up it's doors. though, it's still worth coming back to again and again, because it's all about the beer. the great breadth of selecction, knowledgable staff, and appropriate stem ware make it a worthwhile experience for beer aficionados. definitely a great neighborhood bar.This place is one of my absolute favorites!!  They have hands down the most extensive beer list in the city, and they have wonderful Belgian food.  You have to try their fries with aioli (they come with pretty much anything else you order on the menu), and I highly recommend their ham sandwich (it has a more sophisticated name then that, but you'll know what i'm talking about! This is the best ham sandwich I've had in my life!).  The mussels are always a delight, as is the cheese plate.  I however, do not recommend the lentil sandwich, as it is pretty boring, and the shrimp croquettes are not so great either.(Sorry Renda! I should have told you sooner!!)  The servings are pretty big though, so we usually split an appetizer/mussels for one/cheese plate and a sandwich.  The crowd is very chill, but can tend to be on the older side depending on the night.  It can get pretty crowded in the front bar, but they also have a non-smoking dining room and another bar upstairs, so if you find yourself cramped, waunder around!  A warning though, if you are not a beer fan, than this is not your place!For any beer lover, especially lovers of Belgian-style beers, Hopleaf is a must-go... you simply will not find a better selection of this style at any other bar in the entire greater Chicago area. While the selection is staggering, the prices are, as expected, fair but moderate... usually between 5 and 8 dollars per bottle. Also, I wish they would provide descriptions of some of their beers - I'm fairly knowledgable about beers and there were quite a few I didn't recognize but didn't want to risk the money without knowing what I'd be getting. If it is not too crowded, you can ask the bartenders... but it is often crowded. If you go for drinks on a Friday or Saturday night, its best to get there before 9 pm if you want to sit down. If the downstairs is full, you can go upstairs, but there are only bottles (no taps) upstairs. I haven't eaten here because sources I trust tell me the food is average and there is better to be had for better prices in Andersonville.i didnt know the neighborhood is LESBIAN. i came here with a girlfriend of mine, and not one guy tried talking to-sum shit! the service was good, my favorite part was up stairs, but for some reason it felt like everyone knew each other.....meh the crowd was older, but not middle aged-dont even remember the background music...ill go back to JUST to din thereGreat food (try the mussels, Belgian style) great beer, great atmosphere, and much improved attitude behind the bar, especially when the female lead is not there. Just go. I promise you will not be disappointed, even if you are not as enamored as I am, you'll come away with a whole new respect for beer.amazing selection of belgian beers, i really wish there was one of these down town or anywhere closer to me,I only give this place three stars because of the beer selection other wise it would be two.This place is small and crowded. We came here on a Saturday at about 8pm with a total of four people. We were told that the wait would be an hour for a table to eat. So we decide to get beers from the bar. Fantastic selection. The only way I would ever come back here would be to drink from their impressive beer list and that would be it. We end up going upstairs to wait for a table. The upstairs has tables but they seem to be only for drinking and not eating. There's also a very very small bar up there that only sells bottled beer(no seating at the bar either). We end up standing for a good 25 minutes until a group gets up from a table and we take there seats. More than an hour rolls by. It was interesting because we had no idea how the hostess would actually find us when our table was ready...anyways. We send one of the members of our four top down stairs to ask the hostess when our table will be ready as it has been over an hour. She tells him that they are behind and that our table will be ready soon. He comes back up to tell as this and also tells us that names have been crossed off after ours...suspicious...Another 30 minutes rolls by, so we decide to all go down and stand right near the "hostess stand." We end up getting a table within 5 miinutes. We order the meatballs for our app which were just okay. It only comes with three and we weren't told this. I had the brisket with the mac and cheese, so did one other person in our party. My fiance had the brisket sandwich that came with fries, and the other member of our party had the mussels. Brisket wasn't anything to write home about, and I don't know what the hype is about the mac and cheese. It is flavorless and not good. We finish our meals(sort of) and leave pretty quickly. I would only maybe return to this place late night for a couple beers.If gourmet beer is your thing, the hop leaf is the place. Excellent food (that is more bistro-like than bar and grilly) and a phenomenal selection of domestics and imports (as a New England native, I couldn't be happier to see my favorite beer from Maine on tap). Excellent decor. One should be careful though, some of these beers are costly, and if you're not careful you could prove to be a very expensive buzz.Hopleaf is Sheffield's-esque in terms of having a really expansive beer menu. They're descriptions/explanations aren't quite as good as the ones at Sheffield's but that might have to do with their selection being so much bigger. The biggest negative to Hopleaf is that it takes a ridiculous amount of time to get a table for ordering food, usually well over an hour. Plus, this is not the place to go if you just want a cheap burger. While they do have excellent shoe string fries and garlic aioli, the menu boasts entrees more along the lines of Belgian mussels, frog legs, and rabbit stew than cheeseburgers and slaw. I've had all of the above, and while the Belgian mussels were okay (I've had waaaaaaaay better mussels), the frog legs were greasy and tiny (what do you expect, right?), and the rabbit stew was just way too salty. Go for the beer, but I recommend having dinner elsewhere first. Maybe grab some fries and aioli if you get the munchies.Easily the best place for fancy imported beer. Laid back, friendly, great drink selection. Burgers are great but the salads are middling. (I don't go for the salads)The expansion is great since more beer is offered and they still have the best mussels in the city although I do miss their Curry mussels which has been out of commission for awhile. Without a doubt this is the best craft beer bar in the city, if their not serving the beer on draft than its probably a really rare beer to get a hold of or its just not worth drinking.this place is great for beer conception, but the attitudes of the bar staff are sorta irratating, they seem pretty bothered by the general public at times.Great beer selection.  Tasty moules.  What else could a Belgian beer snob ask for?  Still pales in comparison to Monk's Cafe in Philly.   Frites could use a better dipping sauce like the bourbon mayo at Monk's.Yes, I'm aware that the Hop Leaf staff prides itself on being rude to patrons, but the patio server tonight took it to obnoxious levels, reminding us of "city ordinances" about how late she can take orders and last call--this started at 8:45 (we got several reminders!) She overcharged us by nearly $10 then rudely informed us that it's our responsibility to remind her when she forgets something in our order. Like I said: obnoxious.Like many of the other reviews, I'd say the service here has much to be desired.  MUCH.  When we arrived, we had a large group (WHO WERE ALL THERE, STANDING OVER MY SHOULDER).  I asked the hostess if we could get a table and she asked if everyone was eating.  I said I wasn't sure but I didn't think so.  I went and checked and everyone said they WERE eating.  I went back to her and said yes, we'd like a table for 7.  She looked at me and said "is everyone eating?"  I replied in the affirmative.  Then she put on her kindergarden teacher voice and said "Wait, didn't we JUST talk about this?"  I wanted to slap her.  Instead I took a deep breath and said "Yes, and you asked if we were all eating, I confirmed with my friends that we all are, and now I'm asking for a table for 7."  She ROLLED her eyes and walked away.  I stood there, perplexed.  She finally wandered back and said "follow me" and took us to the table.  That should have been our first clue that the service was going to be atrocious.  Our server was rude, inattentive, and couldn't answer the simplest question about beer (ie I like summer wheats with berry/fruit undertones, what should I get?).  The food took forever, was cold, and pretty disgusting.  I got the Tilapia sandwich.  I love Tilapia because it's not a very "fishy" fish.  Except this sandwich was so fishy I couldn't even finish it.  I wonder how fresh the fish really was.  It was also so dark in the main dining room that we could hardly see our food.  It took forever to get the check and if they hadn't auto-grat'ed us for our party of 7, I would not have left much of a tip at all.  In the 1.5 hours we were there, the server visited our table twice.  She didn't even bring us the food.If you like beer and misanthropes, go to Hopleaf.  If you like good food and good service, there are many other amazing places in Chicago to get beer and dinner.I must explain these three stars. No question their selection of beer is fine and the crowd that gathers around it is perfectly nice. But to qualify as a bar, particularly as a bar with a kitchen, you have to do something about food. Chicago is a home to many fine gastropubs. I am not expecting every pub to have fancy, creative food. Far from it. It is actually rather comforting to have a couple of beers with rather simple food. But that's exactly what the problem is. The food is just not good here. Salty, soggy, mushy, burnt, badly mixed flavors - you name it. It would have passed for food in a whole-in-the-wall pub with bad beer. But that does not seem to be the standard to which Hopleaf aspires. As it is, they are stuck between greatness and outright mediocrity. For the sake of the brew-lovers, I wish they did something to fix the kitchen.Awesome beer and awesome food, what more could one ask for? The mussels are always awesome and you have to try any beer that's on tap. The only downfall is that it's so packed on the weekends but that's not much of a problem for me because I live in the area and come on the weekdays.A gem, one of the places that makes this City stand apart.  Of course there is all the geat beer, but I've also discovered some really great wines here, which is unusual for a tavern, especially a beer bar, most serve swill that only a person with a problem will drink. It also means my wife will hang out here with me.  She doesn't like the Map Room because they always give her semi-drinkable wine (but I do twist her arm to get her in there anyway).  The Hop Leaf is also just a great place to be, I come here whenever I can.Always tasty, but increasingly unaccommodating.  The waitstaff talked doo-doo about us within earshot.This place is deceiving in all the naughty good ways.  Driving past we thought initially it was packed and my heart sank. I had been here once before for a beer or 3 and had a great time but had never had a meal and was excited to try it out.  Upon entry we shuffled through the first floor and up to what I assumed was the only other space, my oh my, was I wrong.  The hostess gave us a daunting 1 hour wait time (totally assumed we'd have something close to that with a group of 5 on a Saturday night) and suggested that we go upstairs for a seat to wait.  This is a gem! They have a fantastic waiting area on the top floor with a cash  bar so you can get your evening started comfortably while you wait.  The beer list is intimidating amazing.  I was lame and got something I always get while others were a bit more adventuresome.  Next thing you know time flies and we're being called for dinner!  Onion rings are light and a great starter.  The duck Ruben is finger licking good as was the crispy asparagus.  The frits are a treat and definitely give frits in Brussels a run for their Euro.  All of that said, it wasn't perfect.  2 sour notes: 1) after an hour wait I was looking forward to sitting at a table and being able to talk and relax.  However they put us at a table that was so close to another table that we were encroaching on their space and vice versa.  Thus we were sandwiched so tightly together that eating proved to be a solid challenge.  There wasn't enough room on the table for all of our food and if someone sneezed at the next table it would have been all over me and my food. Not cool.  Big groups need bigger space.  Putting 5 people for dinner at a table usually meant for 3 just doesn't work.  2) Our waiter, while I understand he's a "too cool for school" hipster and such could have been just been nicer.  I get it that it's Saturday night and it's busy, we've all been there.  But the way to guarantee a happy table is be nice and fake patience even if you aren't.  Curt, short and fleeting doesn't bode well for a good tip.  Despite the tight fit and tighter lipped server, I'll be back. The bartender in the waiting area had a warm smile (under a cool beard) and happy disposition as did most of the rest of the patrons.  More good times to be had there.great food and good beer selectionfriendly service, impressive beer selection!  the upstairs (somewhat hidden) bar is the best for weekends.Hopleaf is a great downtown spot. After 3 years of hearing my families rave reviews, I finally got to go. Is it embarrassing that I was excited to use my ID to get to a restaurant not a bar? The bar: TONS of beer choices. Amazing spot if you know a beer fanatic. I am not really a beer girl. My tastes have been somewhat limited due to my age, but I had fun browsing the menu. I finally settled on an Original Sin Hard Cider. I figured the apple-y taste would go well with the food I wanted to order and it did. START WITH THE MUSSELS. They were so delicious, I wanted to drink the broth, and the fries are fantastic. We ordered the mussels for 2 and then split them with 4 people. It was a good sized starter. For my entree I had the cabbage salad. It was a great mix of flavors and textures.  Crunchy honeycrisp apples, smooth and salty blue cheese, firm cabbage, and the walnuts all came together really nicely. My mother and sister got the smoked salmon salad, and while it was good they both preferred mine (I love being the winner in ordering) My dad had the chicken and it was delicious! It was smoky and moist, and everything in the dish complemented each other really well. Fun fact: if you are not a beer person, their pours of wine were generous! Its a truly unique Chicago spot and a sure thing for a beer lover!this is a wonderful place to come and drink however do not plan on eating here.  the menu is just bizarre....leg of rabbit wrapped in bacon, stilton mac n' cheese (ewww), and it's also expensive.  also, do NOT order a salad.  i ordered the $8 chop salad and it came on a tiny side plate with a soppy ice cream scoop of lettuce and other drenched vegetables.  yuck!  and also, what?  is this a joke?I was introduced to this bar 2 years ago and I've been a fan ever since! At first sight the place looks small, but there is a whole other section in back for dining and i think there's a patio, although I've never been back there. And on the weekends, the upstairs is open for a little more space. The place is always packed, whether it's a Friday or a Tuesday! It's a little hard to get through the crowd and there is no room to wait for a table or a barstool so it gets uncomfortable after a few minutes of people constantly bumping into you, but if you can find a spot to stand for a little bit, the wait is worth it. Everytime I go to HopLeaf I like to try something new and it's possible to do so because there are so many options! And the bartenders are great about letting you try something if you're unsure of the description. A lot of times I just describe the kind of beer I want or I'll say I want something like another beer I've had there that I really enjoyed. They always find me a new beer that's great, even if it's after 1 tasting or 5! I finally got talked into a beer from Three Floyd's called Zombie Dust, i guess it's been around for a while, but I never tried it and it's definitely in my top 5 now! The food is also amazing! The last few times I've ordered the Duck Reuben and fries (with the mayo, OmG so good) and also get the mussels to share. I am never disappointed when i'm here!I had heard so many good things about this place, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it out last night.  I guess you have to be 21 to even come in because there is a guy carding at the door.  Fine with me, because I HATE going to a bar-type restaurant only to have a table full of kids next to me.  There is a bar right when you come in, and the restaurant is towards the back.  The front was packed for a Wednesday night, but the restaurant wasn't bad.  We were able to get seated right away!  I saw that they have wine on tap.  What?!  Never heard of such, but I HAD to try it.  I ordered the Agricultura red wine blend, because our server suggested it.  Man, am I glad I tried it, because it was some of the best red wine I've ever had.  It was only $9 for a carafe the size of 2 glasses of wine.  SCORE!!  My boyfriend also tried 2 different beers suggested by our server and loved them!  According to the server, their beer list changes pretty often....which is a good indication of a good beer establishment.  Our server was amazing....knowledgeable and attentive!  We ate a late lunch, so we weren't very hungry.  We just split an appetizer and sandwich.  We tried the lamb meatballs for an appetizer.  Man, I was amazed at how tasty the dish was!  For our sandwich we tried the brisket on sourdough.  It was a little tough, but the flavor was really good.  The frites (thin cut fries) came with what seemed like a garlic mayonnaise.....I couldn't stop eating them!  Will definitely try a different entree next time, but thoroughly enjoyed the whole dining experience.  Next time you are in Andersonville, you have to try this place!lucky to get a booth!Ever since seeing this sweet little place on check please my companion and I have been dying to go here.  We finally trekked our asses to the north side, a huge ordeal for us, seriously.  We were surprised that the place was so roomy.  We got seating right away on a Friday night at 7pm.    Our service started off very quickly, we got our appetizers and first round very quickly.  The mussels were delicious, they tasted as good as they looked.  My companion and I both agreed the frites were the best ever and the beer complimented the food perfectly.  Our entrees slid onto our tables just as we finished our mussels.  I got the lamb stew, he got the pork belly.  Our food was not as exciting as our appetizer.  The pork belly tasted like giant charred bacon slices and my lamb stew felt like a cholesterol bomb.  The most disappointing part was that we barely saw our waitress again, she didn't even bother to ask if we wanted another round.  WTF, I came to indulge in a cornucopia of yeasts and ales, why did I only get one round?  We barely made a dent in our fatty food feast and spent the rest of the night impatiently waiting for our check.  Don't get me wrong, I would come back to the hopleaf, but next time I will stick to the mussels and maybe a salad and hopefully, MORE BEER!I've been in this neighborhood most of my life and never been here until today. Let me tell you...that I will go back. Hopleaf has an extensive beer menu including lots of  Belgian beers. I haven't tried the food yet but I definitely will. The Leffe Blonde is great and comes in a nice goblet.I don't know what else to say that hasn't been said in the 1000 reviews for this restaurant. I absolutely love this place whether I'm having a nice dinner with friends or just a drink at the bar. I always feel welcomed by the staff and even the clientele seem to be more mature and kind than you would find in most bars.food and brew can't be beat. it gets really crowded and some people give you the snake eye when you show up in the family way (even when you're not drinking).  take the #22 or the foster bus and enjoy.i love the beverages, especially the mead options they provide.  now, will need to check out the food. . .my friends and i hit this place not too long ago. wide selection of beer but nuthin is really jumpin off. i need some excitementThey definately have a great selection of beers, particularly those of the Belgium style and I debated giving them more stars but there are a few issues. I think Hopleaf may be a victim of its own success. It gets very crowded and loud, conversations can be hard, unless you like to scream. One Saturday evening we waited over two hours for a table, I guess that's what we get for arriving at 8. But on the plus side that gave us the opportunity to get even more blitzed on beer. Some people have complained about the bartenders. Some are more attentive than others but I have never had a rude one. The servers I had have been fine too. Once our frites were cold but the server promply replaced them upon our drawing her attention to them. I wish their kitchen opened earlier at 3 instead of 5, but what can you do? I'll still visit but I think the best plan is to get there when they open at three, snag either a seat at the bar or grab a table in the bar area, drink until five then order food. So what if you're starting your evening early, all the more time to have fun.Life changing experience, from a beer drinking perspective at least.  God bless my brother in law for inviting me here for a few beers about two years ago.  Prior to that time, I considered ordering Newcastle to be splurging.  Wow were my eyes (and taste buds) opened that day.  Walking in and seeing the beautiful bar with so many exotic tapper heads I was quickly intrigued.  Sitting down only to be handed a menu of 10+ pages of beer was over the top.  Realizing that all beers were poured into their proper glassware, gotten from a wall of glasses, was icing on the beer cake!  I was in beer heaven!  My complaint, and this is definitely a "rich man's problem", is what beers to drink in the little time I had there.  I walked up to the bar and gave the bartender my beer drinking resume.  He could not have been more helpful.  He walked me down the path of some damn good beers (a lot of trappist dubbel ales, which have become my absolute favorite).  After about five beers (and two hours), I had to unfortunately leave and to this day have not  returned.  I've gotta get back there....Unrivaled beer selection, surprisingly awesome food.  Service was a little hit or miss, but all was forgiven by the time we got our phenomenal Belgian beer-steamed mussels.  Next was the charcuterie plate-- best rillettes I've had in a long time.  My entree was lamb chops, cooked to perfection at a precise medium rare, with tender spring vegetables and a subtle sauce.  I tried a few others at the table, including the brisket and mac and cheese-- they were all scrumptious.  It's obvious that someone at this homey beer-centric hotspot cares deeply about food.  Being from Madison, WI, we were tickled to see some of our region's organic fare touted on the menu.  And the prices were fairly reasonable, especially for the Windy City.  All in all, a great way to spend an evening in Chicago with friends.  At some point during the meal, I was inspired to use my Yelp account for the first time as a reviewer solely to give this place a good review.  So I did! though I see it hardly needs it.Great beer selection!  My husband and I got the mussels for one with fries and we were full. We didn't end up ordering anything else, but are looking forward to going there again so we can try some of the other menu items!still one of the best bars in all of chicago. the drink selection is the best. the bar is crowded, but the back is perfect for long conversations and dessert. it draws a really down-to-earth crowd. and the desserts are really good, too. love it.Wonderful place, though it's always so packed I seldom even bother trying. Much nicer now that the whole "I smoke: You smoke" era has ended. Good food (the cheese plate is worth it) and the beers and ales are unparalleled in this town. What I don't get is the whole "American" side of the beer menu. Given the choice between Belgian and American, what hair-tongued honyak would choose American? My only complaint is that Omar does not permit singing at the bar, which is not usually a problem, but when it is a problem, it is a big problem, if you know what I mean. (Seriously: When one gets to that point where singing at the bar seems necessary, not much will put one off it. And then you have Omar over there scowling like an old nun and telling the bouncer to throw your drunk ass out, but the bouncer is a pacifist so Omar has to take the even more drastic step of refusing to give up more of that beautiful Belgian ale... not a pretty sight. We're sorry, Omar, OK? We're freakin' sorry. Please let us come back.)yes, it is packed all the time- but it is worth it.  know what kind of beer you like- the bartenders don't have time to help you decide (which is hard for me because i don't know all that much about beers, just that i don't like crappy ones!)  we went on a sunday and sat at the bar, lucky to get a couple of seats- and we ordered the fries (awesome) and the vegetarian pot pie.  it was AMAZING.  it is great to have such a hearty vegetarian option on the menu, perfect for a cold winter night in chicago!!!We had a great experience at the Hopleaf. They boast a great selection of beers, interesting appetizers and a decent wine list as well.  Definitely worth a repeat! Service was a hair slow but the place was packed.hopleaf won me over the moment the blondie-esque bartendress called me "hun".  it's warm.  inviting.  fully-stocked.  and ready to... well, rock would almost rhyme, but it's not that sort of place... chill is much more appropriate.  it's a great place to meet friends and grab a drink before, after, or (since they have food) even during dinner.amazing beer selection, unique food--get the mussels, and its within walking distance from my place (so i can fully enjoy the 9% belgian beers). only downfall is how crowded it is.Excellent selection of great craft brews.This is a great place for beer lovers (or explorers) with a huge list to choose from.  When I went, the crowd was young professionals and male-heavy.  It feels cozy because of the wooden decor and dimmed lights.  There are 2 floors but it is not easy to find seating, especially if you're a large party.  Location is probably the biggest barrier for a lot of us in the winter, but I'm excited to revisit in the summer when the commute is nicerloved this place!  limited seating..but definitely worth the wait, luckily got a table which we switched to a booth when it became available.  enjoyed many  imorted tap beers, which they have an excellent selection,  and the food was pretty  good.  had the  duck rueben  and tried my friends sausage plate, all in all pretty tasty!  favorite beer I tried was Kwak, from Belgium, amber in color, full bodied taste, and at 9% alcohol worth the $8 or $9 I paid for it=)  bartender was attentive, had no problem getting a beer, at least from the guy who we got our first  beer!  definitely will go back next time I am in that part of Chicago!!Everything about this place is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Some of the best food I've ever had! Be sure to get there when they open, as the wait is often longer than 1 hourGastropub with plenty of Belgian beer? Exactly the type of place for me and excellently executed.i love everything about the hopleaf..especially since their recent expansion into the space next door. it looks and feels amazing. beer list is terrific--doesn't just contain the blasé stout and IPA standards. always something new and plenty of local options. food has never failed to be absolutely delicious. best charcuterie i've had in chicago. plenty of options for non-meat eaters as well. top-rate, knowledgeable staff. truly a gastropub done to perfection.great selection of beers. last winter they offered warm, mulled wine. tasty!Great beer and really good food.  Try the ham sandwich.  The only knock against the place is that it's so popular.  The wait for a table is going to be long, but, like I said, the beer is great.fantastic beer selection and great food!  this is where my fiance and i took our parents to tell them we were getting married, so yeah, we like it.  it does get crowded so get there early or a little later when the crowd has cleared some.Great place to go, especially if you want a late dinner in this city that seems to roll up the culinary sidewalks at 9 pm.  The kitchen is open until 11 pm AND the Hopleaf is open on Mondays, another tricky time to dine.  Mussels and fries are sure bets and the herb salad is yummy and fresh.  Way beyond pub grub.  Don't let the jam-packed bar stop you, head to the back for your meal.Great Bar serving great unique beers.  Food is very tasty and the place is very lively.  Service can be slow but only due to how busy they are.  If you haven't gone yet, it's a must  try!This bar has the best beer selection in Chicago. And the food is also very good. Love the service too and the atmosphere. A reason to go uptown. Love it!Chicago's got quite a few great beer bars, but Hopleaf is about as close to perfect as it gets. There's not alot new that can be said about it. This bar almost singlehandedly moved me to Andersonville, due to its huge and often-changing beer list (and wine, and mead in season). The food menu is fairly small, but let me be clear - everything is incredible. There is no way to avoid the incredible mussels, which are served with the delicious pommes frites, my favorite fries in the city. Last time, I had an awesome onion and goat cheese tart, and also a Gunthorp Farms pork stew. My advice - wait for a dining room table, where you'll have some space, and get to drinking.The beer here is wonderful, the stuffed collards unforgettable, the mac &amp; cheese dreamy, the atmosphere old style chicago. i would definitely go back here.Loved this place!  My husband and I went here while visiting Chicago and it was our favorite part of the trip.  We got there around 4:30 p.m. and the kitchen didn't open till 5:00 p.m.  So we just hung out on the back patio and had some beer.  My husband is a beer nerd so he was felicitous from the moment we walked in the door.    You feel very at home on the patio and it's fun checking out the different beers people are ordering.  The food was fantastic.  The mussels were great and so fresh.  The fries were delicious as was the cashew butter sandwich.  We also ordered the squash blossums, which were tasty and unusual.  I hope to go back the next time we visit Chicago.  If I lived there, this would be one of our "places".An amazing selection of spirits. A nice ambiance. Not open for lunch. It can be difficult to get a table and there are often 30 min + wait times. That being said, the food is hit or miss. The steak frites is the only good thing I've had. The steak is tender and the fries are extra thin. There's a lovely sort of mayo-garlic dipping sauce. Previously, I've tried the rabbit stew and the brisket which were both misses. All my friends love the mussels and the CB&J. A fun place to go once but definitely not a place to frequent.Excellent beer menu and the crowd was friendly. One bartender was a bit rude and short with us but the other was helpful and courteous and made great suggestions. It gets crowded so if you like loungy places where you can sit and chat, this may not be the best option.What a wonderful selection of beers.  I also loved the food.  But the wait staff acts like they're in a five star restaurant downtown.  It's a beer joint!  A really really good beer joint!  It would be great if the staff had some of the enthusiasm and joy of a beer joint.This is NOT a good place for groups.  I can't imagine why they are listed as such on Yelp. The hostess did not want to seat us until our whole group was there; but as a professional networking group, we couldn't say when we would all be there.  The group got a double table, and as more people trickled in, they joined us - only to be lectured by the hostess that we had too many people at the table and we'd have to sit people at a different table.  OK now, so we asked for a bigger table and were sternly lectured; then we're sternly lectured for having too many people at the table? And yes, there were tables available.  Had we been trying this at 7, I'd understand, but at 5 pm, they simply weren't that full in back.  In short, I'll probably drop in with my partner for a beer and a snack; I'll go to the Science Talk nights.  But I won't make this a regular stop despite the excellent beers and fun food.  I don't need waggling finger mom tone of voice badgering with my beer and mushrooms.Best beer list in the city!  What more do you need?hmm, hmmm good.Torn, thats how I feel. On the one hand, the beer selection is astonishing. On the other, the food is mostly lousy, with the exception of the CB&J. The thing I dislike the most, and its not their fault, exactly, is how busy the place is, and how long a wait it is to get a seat, ever. Like Yogi Berra said "nobody goes there anymore, its too crowded." So my recommendation is to go some time when they aren't too busy (yeah, I know, they're always busy). I think they're expanding into the adjoining place, so maybe things will go a bit more smoothly once that goes down, and they'll be able to run they place properly. Cos right now, its a goddamn mosh pit in there. Not a fun environment, unless you're into that sort of thing. I'm not. But if you can manage to get a table, at which point you're golden, good on ya. No reservations, and they won't seat you if your whole party isn't there, and other nasty triage-type restrictions which I understand, due to how ridiculously busy they are, but that's unwelcoming and not cool in my book. Maybe just go when they first open up for the day. Of course, the dining area isn't even open at that point. Well, whatever. Unless you wanted a CB&J (Elvis food, I call it), you're better off just drinking Belgian beers and getting outta there before it becomes a fire hazard.The best.Good beer selection, excellent pommes frites & mussels, plus other good things on the dinner menu.Great place for appetizers and beer but expect a long wait, it's very crowded but fun for people watching if you sit in the bar area.   My friends loved the mussels and I love the fries!  If you are in Chicago check this place out!Very cool place. The crowd is a mix of hipsters, young professionals, baby boomers, etc. but all good looking! I love the various beer selections...I thought I knew beers until I came here and got surprising and delightful eye-opening experience. Each brewery represented is unique and the flavors were all just great. I have a very refreshing light beer with a hint of lemon and then tried a chocolate-like coffee beer that was delicious too. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is cool and refreshing. Don't forget to go for the mussel appetizers...just great! Tim W., Edgewater Beach, ChicagoDropped into Hopleaf last Saturday after hearing great things about their beer selection. We lucked out and got a couple seats at the bar. Service was great and the beer was excellent.  The bartender happily answered any questions we had about beer and even pre-ordered us more bread for our appetizer when he saw we were running out. All in all it was a great time. I'll definitely go back to have an actual meal soon.Best beer selection in Chicago.  Great menu that changes seasonally.  My only knock is how smoky the front room is during the fall and winter.  On 1/1/08 this will be the best pub in Chicago - hands down.I hesitate in giving this place 5 stars because I do not like the fact that you cannot make reservations, there is almost always a wait and service can be hit or miss depending on the crowds. Neverthless, the atmosphere is cozy and warm without being overly heavy on the cozy. The food tends to be on the heavy side as it is Belgium which I can only describe as a combination of German and French so make sure you go there with an appetite. It is undoubtly great gastropub-grub. Great food aside, I mainly go there for the beer selection. Not the largest I have seen in Chicago but extensive and very good. So far I have tried the following beers: Chimay Grand Reserve (blue label Belgian) - dark and rich but surprisingly not as heavy as it looks, Chimay (red label) - medium weight, perhaps nuttier than the blue, Bell's Two-Hearted Pale ale - great Michigan brew, Fin du Monde (Canada) - yum!, Duchesse du Bourgogne (YUCK! I was infomed that this is supposed to taste the way it does. To me, it smells and tastes rancid or like something that has "turned". I took it back and the waiter gave me a Red Chimay on the house!) The other thing I enjoy about Hopleaf is that it is not pretentious and the customers are as varied as the beer selection. You can go there in a pair of jeans or even a little dressed up and it's okay. Definitely one of my faves.go. order the cb&j. thank me later.other things of note: waitstaff/barstaff is always friendly, nice chill atmosphere, gets a bit crowding for my liking on the weekends but i'm a curmudgeon.This may be a bit of an exaggeration (but not much of one) to state that the Hopleaf is one of the best things that has ever come out of Chicago food wise. With their ample portions and extensive beer selections, it's hard to leave this place either hungry or sober.  The CB&J- cashew butter, fig jam, morbier cheese, on sourdough - with homemade Stilton mac and cheese and potato chips is one of the best things I have ever eaten.  The mussels for two are also amazing.  We usually split the two and leave floating on a little epicurean cloud back home.  Now, despite the 5 stars I think this place more than deserves, there is one serious drawback that other Yelpers have picked up on.   It's the wait time.  If you're lucky enough to get inside the door on a weekend, you'll inevitably spend 1-2 hours drinking upstairs in the cash only bar before getting a table.  This makes it all the more important to pace oneself given the wide selection of beers. That said, this place is totally worth the wait.Went to the Hopleaf last night with the ever fashionable Terr R. Even at 6pm on a Saturday, this place was already crowded. We were seated quickly in a fairly small back room. Like many other places the tables are close together. The service was good and friendly but seemed a little disorganized. One of the sides came out before the meal.  This place is a bar with a restaurant area and has an impressive beer selection including Belgian beers on tap that you will not see at other bars. The food was very good. The brisket sandwich was excellent and the duck Ruben was good. The duck was not overly greasy or gamey tasting. The mountain of  french fries were fantastic. The leek latka was great but the German potato salad was just OK. The menu is small but everything looked good and everything we had had first class ingredients.The fact that they call french fries "Frites" and have sweetbreads on the menu is a clue that it's not cheap. There is a reason that his place is always packed.My lord I would go here for Mussels every day! Great Beer selection and Good Food. Did I mention the Mussels? The Steak I had was just OK but I will be back to try other things on the menu.  I was very impressed with the 40+ micro brews to choose from.  For sure check this place outA "hophead" living in Chicago for over five years, I finally decided to take a group of friends to Hopleaf for the very first time.  The four of us walked in at 6:30 and were seated immediately, which was a pleasant surprise.  The draft beer list was good, but certainly not the best I've ever seen.  I had a Bell's Two Hearted and my wife, an Allagash White.We skipped appetizers as nothing looked particularly appealing and moved directly to two orders of Mussels for two.  Mussels are my latest obsession and these did not disappoint.  I will say, however, that the mussels offered at Logan Square's Revolution Brewing we far more fresh and the sauce much more nuanced in flavor.  Nonetheless, I ate to my hearts content.By the end of the meal I could sense that the restaurant was getting busy.  During a trip to the restroom I caught word of a purported two hour wait.  By the time I returned, our service had completely stopped.  Our server was within earshot as we all discussed which beer we'd like next but we were never offered a second pour.  The message from the wait staff was loud and clear: we'd like you out of here.  I can understand that given that kind of wait they want to turn the tables over as quickly as possible, but we were willing to keep ordering and build up the check - what gives?  We passed on getting a second drink (I had already tried everything on the draft menu anyway) but decided to get desert - they had some fantastic-sounding options.  I had the apple cake and our guests had the mousse.  The apple cake was completely unacceptable.  Dry layers of bland cake stacked between globs of sour delicata squash and marshmallow-esque cream cheese filling with burnt brittle served on the side.  If they weren't so busy, I may have sent it back.Overall: a good experience, good ambiance, but please: if your wait time is any longer than 30 minutes, it's time you leave the north side and find a better less-hyped restaurant.Ive always left this place full, happy and a little buzzed. Everything I eat here tastes good and tastes fresh. The beer selection is good and they even have some cheaper beers under $5. The staff is friendly and it can get very packed after 6pm even on the weekday. If your going on the weekend go early.awesome beer menu. great mussels. loved the fries with aioli. the sandwiches are extreeeemely rich- i would definitely suggest splitting one. good service. fun atmosphere (upstairs is a great place to drink).The food and beer are some of the best in the city. You will have to wait for a table and it will be crowded but as long as you go in knowning that you will have a great time.  GET THE FRIES & MUSSLES!I went here about three times and got food once. The food was pretty good and the servers were pretty nice. They don't take reservations, but you just sit at a table and drink a beer while you're waiting which makes having to wait not so bad. The beer selection is pretty good and comparable to other beer bars, I thought. I guess the food prices were a little on the expensive side. I'd probably come back mostly to share a beer with friends. I think what I liked the most was that you could just chat with a friend without having to compete with music or TVs or other things like that...Hopleaf is our go-to place for a low-key drink and dinner.   We get annoyed sometimes because they don't take reservations and the wait is usually longer than what they estimate.  However, the crazy catalogue of beers and their intimate, dark upstairs bar area makes the wait painless.  I usually go for the CB & J and my husband gets the neusky (sp?) ham. Their mussels are really delicious and my favorite is dipping the bread to soak up all the buttery, wine, mussely goodness.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Incredible beer selection, really knowledgeable waiters/waitresses/bartenders, and great food. The CB&J is crave-able and the duck rueben is also really good. Just make sure you ask them for their fries instead of the chips that come with those. The skinny little fries they make are worth eating. And they come with a delicious garlic aioli dipping sauce. Yes, It gets crazy busy and really loud on the weekends and some weeknights, so if that's not your thing avoid it at those times. But if you're willing to wait for a table for a bit you will not be disappointed.Although their fries are thinner than most Belgian style pommes frites, they are delicious. The beer selection is extravagant and immense and the food is very high quality. The mussels were very good and the asparagus salad was a perfect ending to my meal. I'll be back for another dinner!Totally a hipster place.  Great beer list.  The seating is a little limited, but overall a good hipster Chicago pub with a European feel.I love this place. The mussels are amazing and there is an awesome beer selection. Great place to hang with good friends.Hopleaf is a breath of fresh air. It is what a bar should be. Everyone has mentioned the extensive beer selection, rightfully so. However, I enjoy going to Hopleaf because it is a purist bar. There are no TVs. If you haven't been to a bar without a TV recently, do it. Enjoy a conversation with your friends. Set the TIVO for sportscenter and go to Hopleaf for a great time.What a great place - if only it weren't so dang crowded! My boyfriend and I showed up at 5:30 on Saturday and had a 20 minute wait for a table....at least there was a little room to shoehorn ourselves in near the bar. I am not an enjoyer of beer, so the Framboise on tap was perfect - like a fresh raspberry soda with a pleasant wheaty finish. When we finally got a table, it took a LONG time for our waiter to reappear to take our order, but the food came quickly. Note: mussels for 2 is enough for a full meal! We'll definitely be back - but maybe on a weekday...early on a weekday...great during the day.  if yer lucky, omar will be there.  the beer and food are awesome.  a little too crowded sometimes at night, and forget about weekend nights.  but, if yer like me and don't have a fixed daytime schedule you would be missing out if you didn't stop in on a weekday afternoon.  its a gem, although not so hidden anymore.The quality of food is surprisingly good. Definetely better than your average bar and grill. The quality and selection of beer is truly impressive. The feel and ambiance of the dining room is worth the trip. Our service wasn't great but to be fair, our server was in the weeds, we understood.  Portions were good and left us feeling as if we got good value for our money. Will go again.After wanting to go to Hopleaf for quite some time, my boyfriend and I finally stopped in. We were pleasantly surprised that we were seated right away, and it seemed like everything was off to a great start. Except it was mostly downhill from there. We waited 15 min for our server to come over, and then he forgot my beer, so I ended up waiting another 15ish min for by beer (we were done with our app by the time I finally got it). We ordered a few different things to try, all the food was decent, but nothing that made up for waiting over 30 min to get my first beer (at a place known for their beers). That being said, the beer selection is amazing!Great atmosphere but I was a little disappointed. I looked on their website for a beer list and was pretty excited with the choices available. But when I got there I had to order 5 different beers because they were out of the first 4 for one reason or another. Not what I expected at 6pm on Saturday. Anyway the food is very average some things a little better some a little worse. I'm told the muscles are great but I didn't try them. The steak was tough and overcooked and I wouldn't recommend it. It's unlikely I will return. I will say our waitress way very attentive and provided great advice about several of our beer selections.Love the beer and food, but hate how crowded it gets sooo early in the day and stays packed.amazing... I love this place always.  The staff is real and you can tell everyone there really loves their job. I always look forward to trying something new and interesting on tap.A friend took us for dinner and drinks here.  The drinks were weak, but the food more than made up for it.  Wine selection was good, and fairly priced.  Liked it so much during our visit to Chicago we went back with other friends, who also enjoyed the meal.Who DOESN'T love hop leaf.  Delicious food, amazing beer.  Bar tenders are the requisite grumpy vikings, and the bouncer you just want to hug.  And they have mead!  Minus one star for serving rabbit: not cool at all.  Unlike every other meat industry, the rabbit trade is unregulated and therefore run by sadistic hacks.  So what if it comes from some "small local farm?"  More like a run down trailer surrounded by chicken coops and baseball bats.The brisket sandwich and the Christmas Ale were great. Nothing on the menu looked bad and the portions were large. Really enjoyed everything about the place. The location in Andersonville just made it all that much better.Too crowded, no reservations taken, rude waiters, waiting time to get a table over one hour, attitude, snobs. You can get better service in so many other places. Customer service sucks. Would not recommend this place.It was a long wait but well worth it.  The list of microbrews on tap is phenomenal and the food is fantastic.The food and beer is amazing, however, I can't remember a time where we haven't had to wait less than an hour for a table on a Friday or Saturday late afternoon/early evening.Admittedly I'm not quite a beer drinker, but considering they carry at a minimum 100+ different imports ranging in price from 3-100 bucks I always find one I want to try, or just order a martini.  Very friendly and unpretentious vibe, the menu is great, the mussels are a must. Yes it does get packed quick, stand and relax with a beer while you wait for a seat.The place is average at best. I went on a Friday night, it was busy, so I expected sub par service. My friend and I ordered a drink at the bar, bartender told us they were out. My friend asked a server who was standing by us at the bar and she rudely replied "i'm busy, ask someone else". It might not sound rude, but the Amy Winehouse look alike should work on her attitude. Needless to say we left and went to Hamburger Mary's.I love this bar. It's probably my favorite in all of Chicago. Their selection is amazing, staff is knowledgeable and the food is also spectacular.yes. just yes. i wish i could find a man i loved as much as i love hop leaf. just. go.The beer selection is awesome but their food is sub par at best.  We started with the croquettes and frites- ok, nothing special. The fries were a little soggy for my taste but I like a fried potato so I ate them. For my main I got the montreal style brisket sandwich. Montreal style at Hopleaf must mean dry, rubbery and flavorless because that's exactly what I got.  It was so tough that I couldn't even manage to bite into it and keep it on the bread, the whole sandwich fell apart. My brother in law got the brisket plate and didn't fair any better with a knife and fork.  My husband had the CB&J which was good- maybe a decent addition to a brunch menu but not what I would serve for dinner and we also had the stone fruit salad which was a joke. It didn't help that we had to wait forever to get our food- dinner took us over 2.5 hours- totally fine because we were with good company and everyone was enjoying their beers but I couldn't help looking over to see if our table was the lucky one when a waiter with dishes walked by. I know we weren't the only ones because the table next to us asked the waiter three times about their dishes and delay.  I wanted to love this place because of the beer selection but that's not happening. Perhaps they should stick to what they are good at.I used to live in Girltown and have been coming here since 1992.  Now that I don't live in Chicago anymore, I only get here once or maybe twice a year.  The beer selection is now, and has always been phenomenal.  The prices are fair.  The french fries are excellent barfood but I've been too scared of the lines to try going to the back to eat.  This place has been super-crowded for at least a decade.  The reason is because this bar is authentically different, not trying to be different.  The Achiles heel of this place is service, which only has room for improvement (thus the 3 stars instead of 4 or 5).  Back in the day the bartenders were serious, not rude, just serious.  I'm not just saying that the African-American male bartender is super rude and curt, but he's so unfriendly that he makes Nick the bartender from Pottersville in It's A Wonderful Life look like Isaac from the Love Boat.  But I'm a guy who likes to look at the glass as half full: bad bartenders save me money on tips and thin out the crowd.I got food here for the first time the other day, and I'm literally still thinking about it. In fact, my mouth waters when I think about it. I ordered the CB&J: cashew butter, fig preserve, and morbier cheese on sourdough, grilled to perfection (in butter, or in the Form of the Good, I'm not sure which). The combination of flavors was pretty near revelatory. Nutty, sweet but not too sweet, and rich, it was the kind of sandwich that I would like to have as a life partner. It came with a side of Stilton. mac. and. cheese. If you are a fan of fancy mac and cheeses, you have to try it. I'd say it's better than a certain smoked gouda mac on North Ave. (sorry, Handlebar, but we'll always have the Radler) and equally as good, though utterly different than, Harmony Grill's amazing mac and cheese (that's saying a lot). The homemade potato chips are pretty good too. The whole thing isn't cheap -- $10 -- but the portion is very generous. And if you can restrain yourself from ordering an incredibly exotic beer ($45 Belgian, anyone?) they have Point's pale ale on tap for $3/pint and it pairs nicely! I love you, Hopleaf.i give this place most of the stars for the decor and decent beer selection. the food was not impressive at all, in fact i could barely finish it. we had the onion rings to start, but they were contructed more like "onion straws," and soaked in so much oil i had to put down my fork after 3 bites. next we split the duck reuben, which was decent, but it to felt like it had been deep fried. all in all my experience was alright, but probably won't return. i can find better food with a much shorter wait, even in that area.this place is one of the reasons why i want to move to andersonville...i love this bar...love.This is one of those places to which it's fun to bring other Chicagoans who've never heard of it.  Yes, the big "Words of Warning": it gets insansely packed on weekends and holidays, so if you hate-hate-hate crowds (think mosh pit!) and waiting and want to be able to relax in a quieter atmosphere, go on a weekday (Friday does NOT count).  You'll also have more of the kitchen's attention for -as many of us know- when it's too busy, a kitchen will make more mistakes.  That said, I've found the food to be consistently excellent, more than enough to allow for the occasional mishap.  Woe to the American beer drinker though; this place is imports only, most you've probably never heard of, which is yet another reason to go on a quiet night, find a nice bartender, and ask to sample what's on tap.  If you get attitude, tell the owner, she's often there and has noooo patience for bad servers (or customers; let's all grow up, shall we?).unfortunately, about 4 years ago, the hopleaf started to be taken over by yuppy white kids who don't come for the great selection of beer and hipster white kids who act like they know everything about beer.  they both come here in drove to get hammered and take up space.  yes, the food service added to the place in the last couple of years is great, but waiting through the throngs of pretentiousness is not worth it.  i remember when you could walk in and get a seat at the bar and actually talk to the bartender.  granted the bartenders tend to not be very helpful at all and tend to be very rude when you actually want to know about the beers, but at least then you could hear them speak.  i only go now when someone makes me.  there are many more bars in the city with good beer selections with emphasis on belgians.  yes, the hopleaf still has the most extensive list, but to me, it's just no longer worth the headache.so great. the new kitchen addition has really added consistency to the food quality. also the staff let my buddy and i hang out until last call without feeling rushed or a burden even though they werent busy on a monday night. love that they are open for lunch now too.I've been going to the Hopleaf with my wife and our friends for years and we have always enjoyed the food, drink and atmosphere. However, in recent years they became extremely popular and ended being overcrowed almost all the time. At one point my wife and I went by at 5pm on Wednesday and it was packed, no bar seats, and we just had to go elsewhere. Well, now they have finally expanded (and the full back story is they have been trying to get the building next door for several years but couldn't for reasons out of their control) and we went a few days ago to check out the new Hopleaf. What a great experience! Immediately the front area bar is - not overcrowded (though still full but I would expect that). Next, the original restaurant area is, yes full, but not overcrowded. Wait time on Saturday night at 7pm or so for dinner, 1 hour - ok fine! We found open bar stools in the new bar area where we could order an app and beer with no wait. And we were seated for dinner in probably 30 minutes. Their new kitchen has glass windows allowing you to check out the action. Best part of all? I EASILY had the best dinner at Hopleaf I have ever had. I rarely order the chicken dishes as that always feels boring and less adventurous to me. Well I ordered the chicken entree and it was cooked and flavored absolutely perfectly. Great job Hopleaf on making a good thing even better!amazing food, great beer selection, and bartenders who know their stuff.  check out the nueske ham sandwich...devour some frites, but don't forget to dip them in the aoili first!  this place is a must...i absolutely love it.Very good unique beer selection. Fun neighborhood vibe. Nice interior design including the new addition. The back patio was also quite nice, but very dark after the sun goes down. While tasting the food is important, seeing it is also nice. The food was all very good too. The problem - the service. We waited for a table, to be expected at this popular bar, but then waited an hour quite awhile for our starters amd were seated over an hour before for our entrées arrived. When they came two sides of Mac and Cheese were cold. So how long did the food sit around? That said the food was good. Through out the experience the bus boy was incredibly intrusive, barging in to remove things, sometimes while still in use, reach in front of eating mouths and IF he bothered to ask if we were done with something, it was a rude interruption to our conversation. The guy drove me nuts. The waiter was not attentive and mildly apologetic at delivering cold food. Step it up guys! You got a great product. Get the front of house to live up to what you serve.this place is awesome!  how can you complain about it being crowded?  it's crowded because everyone loves it.  i make sure to either go at times when it's not very busy, so i don't have to wait a long time to eat.  or, i go and just enjoy some of the great beer selection while i'm waiting.  either way, not bad.  i love the beer selection here.  a lot of it is very affordable, and there are just so many great beers to try.  the food is also excellent.  i love the belgian and french style mussels.  i'm not a big fan of the thai mussels.  the cb&j is ridiculously yummy.  it is the drunk food i didn't know i wanted.  and the fries are great to snack on as you drink more beer.  yes, the place is crazy crowded and loud, but i like that.  i think it adds to the atmosphere.  i like that there are a lot of other people there just like me, who go because they love it and it's worth it.  you're around a lot of other people who really enjoy beer, the food, and are generally having a good time.  this is a great place to go hang out with a group in the winter.  and, the outdoor patio wasn't bad in the summer.  but, i really love the atmosphere inside.  i've always found the staff to be really friendly and helpful.