Everything you look for in a diner. Bar style communal seating around the kitchen and all around homestyle good food.  You can't go wrong with their burgers (Hickory and steak) and their fries.  It's definitely an interesting experience to eat at this restaurant and maybe even a little refreshing to walk in, sit down, eat a good burger, and be on your way.  This place isn't good for groups at all though so if you like eating alone, this is a good place for you.The best for last.....the banana cream pie....literally to die for. It's perfect, perfectly creamy, sweet, and delectable.  Perfect with their brewed coffee after a meal.  I used to come here just for the pie and some coffee. All in all, I love this place.  Good burgers, good people, and good dessert.  What more can you ask for.John Wooden was here.Jonas Brothers were here.And now ... I am finally here!The Apple Pan has been opened since 1947 with old school U-shape counter and it even inspired the creation of the Johnny Rocket's franchise. You know this place is super old school when most of its customers are 50+ years old and the guy who sat right next to my seat kept talking about he has been ordering the same thing for the last 40 years.  Parking was terrible - the designated Apple Pan parking lot was simply TOO SMALL. Try to park at Westside Pavilion mall - free parking for the first 3 hours.Hickory Burger (Served with the Apple Pan's sauce, mayo, pickles, lettuce, with melted natural Tillamook Cheddar, $7.25 + $0.50 for cheese) - Tasted more like a ketchup-mayo burger ... with a hint of hickory flavor. Juicy patty, but too much sauces. (3/5)Banana cream pie ($6.25 per cut) - It was a very good cream pie. Not overly sweet and simply delicious. Expensive, but no regret at all. (4.5/5)Okay burger and excellent dessert, but a bit pricey and inconvenient parking. Solid 3.5-stars. P.S. - Oh, cash only!Absolutely loved the hickory burger but I wish it wasn't drenched in sauce.  Fries were decent and the sodas are from a can and you get in a cone with ice.  My server was an old grumpy man that just was super unfriendly and inattentive.  The apple pie was BAD!!! The texture of the apples was unpleasant and I also couldn't believe the price for a slice.  I would only come back for the burger and take it to go.Good burgers, but not all that.  Most of the burger was lettuce.  My burger had more lettuce than buns.  The seating is the worst.  I don't mind sitting at a bar but there is no organization when it is crowded.  You just walk in and stand there waiting for someone to leave.  I thought I was the next for some open seats.  Some seats opened up.  I walk toward the seats and some "female" swooped in and snatched my seats.  What the world.  She wouldn't even acknowledge me after that.  Next time, I will go when it is NOT busy.This restaurant is an interesting experience. Being in a burger kind of mood and having read that this place is listed as one of LA's best burger joints, we decided to check it out. It's pretty small, diner style and there is no waiting list or a hostess - if there is an open space, you sit, if there isn't - you wait for an open seat and swoop in. So, maybe not a place with a large party of people - that will be chaos.The main event - burgers - did not disappoint. I ordered hickory burger and it was pretty simple in a classic kind of way, with "secret" smoky sauce and delicious, fiance ordered steak burger and by happy grunts and slurps, I will judge that it was too, delicious! I can definitely see why this restaurant made the list of best burgers in LA. I want to touch on the subject of pies, though, as this was an area of slight disappointment. Every reviewer pretty much raved about amaaaazing pies and I am not one to skip a good dessert. It was a bit underwhelming for the amount of expectation that I had. Ordered an apple pie with ice cream - it was OK, not the best apple pie I had by far. If anything, it was a bit bland. I definitely did not think it's $8 per slice amazing. I fully understand higher prices due to location and a huge supporter of local businesses, but c'mon - a slice of normal "no thrills" apple pie and a scoop of regular vanilla ice cream for $8 - no way! 2 burgers, 1 iced tea, 1 fry, 2 pies ended up being $40 bucks. Overall, conflicting experience. Was the food delicious? Yes! Is the hassle of finding a parking (their parking lot is ridiculously tiny), disorganized waiting to get a seat, cash only, on top of pretty steep pricing for slightly elevated diner food worth your time? I'd say, give this place a try and decide for yourselves.This review is JUST for the banana cream pie.  Will update once I try the burger.My friend took me here because I don't like pie and he was trying to change my mind about it.  Ok, he won this round.  Apple Pan's banana cream pie IS the best banana cream pie I've ever had.  I love how not only is there the typical banana pudding in the pie, there's also a huge layer of REAL BANANAS!! I've never seen another banana cream pie like it before.  The crust is also heavenly, buttery, flakey and light.  I still don't like pie, but I like this one, because it's in its own league!Walking into Apple Pan is like walking back in time.  The kitchen is in the middle and you can watch the cooks slapping patties on the grill and topping them off with cheese to get the slices all melted.The waiter was really nice and even let me play with the old school cash register that they had (and still used!).  You really feel the historical landmarky-ness of the restaurant as soon as you walk in.Meh. Overrated. Much better burgers elsewhere. I am not a fan of the sweet relish. And I didn't think to ask for onions... It isn't a burger without onions, people! Diner atmosphere is cool, I guess.Yum! Found this place on Yelp so decided to try it with my sisters. It's a pretty quaint store that stands alone. When you walk in,The arrangement was different from what I expected. The table format is shaped like a 'U' and inside the 'U' is the 'kitchen' where they make your burgers! The tables are all connected. Idk if that makes sense but anyway!We found empty seats and sat there. The worker immediately greeted us and gave us menus. We ordered and the food came in pretty quickly! And you see them making it too! Pretty neat. The burgers came in a pouch thing, like In-N-Out burgers! Thought it would be on a plate haha. Don't know if it was just me but my burger was messy for me to eat. The worker kept giving me napkins LOL. He also gave us wet napkins (I think it was like the moist towelettes?)The steakburger was delicious, and so was the hickory burger! The apple pie was to die for. Really yummy. Though the ice cream melts fast so try to eat the pie fast if you get it with ice cream!Remember cash only! And yes, people do tip here. First you pay, he'll give you the change, and then you just leave the tip on the table and leave. Great customer service! Very interactive to make sure everyone was doing fine (ie: giving me napkins to wipe my hands, cleaning my table area of the napkins and mess, you get the idea....)This place is definitely "no thrills", but what they lack in variety and decor, they make up for in quality. I ordered the Hickory Burger and will say it is definitely the best burger I have ever had. I love the smokiness in the burger. Their fries are just okay. They're steak fries and cooked well-done. Their pies looked incredible, but I was so full from the burger, I didn't have enough room to try any that day. I will definitely be coming back.The only down-side is finding parking as well as a seat. The place is small and it's tough if you're in a walker.Great if your around the area. If you see a line.....it'll probably be a better idea to head to a nearby in n' out instead. Definitely an old school diner environment with fries identical to Denny's and/or Johnny Rockets. Doesn't get anymore American than this. Burgers are good ol' fashioned and similar in size to an in n'out burger.The place is usually busy and there is an awkward vibe to the place when there is no organized line and/or host/hostess. You literally enter, stand behind someone sitting if all the seats are taken, and make that person sitting feel awkward as hell as you stand behind them watching and waiting for them to finish eating.I get why the owners of the place want to stick to their original roots due to a sense of pride based on some of the online interviews I've watched....but damn you guys are pretty ignorant to not make a single improvement and hire a host/hostess for 9 or 10 bucks an hour. At least the restrooms clean though. A plus on the cones that come with the bottled sodas. This is what I call a "straightforward and honest" establishment that tells customers what you see is what you get. If you don't like it....go to burger king lolWent while we were having a pie craving. The apple pie was good, but not amazing. Apparently I should have tried it with whipped cream.Great diner fries thoughI've been coming to AP since 1986.  It never changes. If you don't like burgers made american style, then go to Umami. (Excellent burgers at Umami for $14, and a lot of beef.) AP is about a sandwich experience. There is a lot of lettuce, a lot of cheese, sauce, and then some beef. The beef is not bigger than the cheese, and that is how a sandwich should be. You are tasting different flavors. If you want to taste delicious beef, shell out the $14 at Umami, or the $17 at Father's Office. Both excellent. But if you want the Bob's Big Boy style burger, AP is the best!!!! (They don't do the triple-decker burgers here though.)The haters are looking for something like Father's Office, or even across from AP at Westside Tavern, which has a delicious cheeseburger for $15.  But AP is the best at what it does.Now on to the pies. the AP's  Banana Cream Pie is all bananas and a little pudding and cream. Whereas the traditional american-style banana cream elsewhere is just a banana pudding with whip cream on top.  At AP, it's a PILE of bananas. (Sort of like the strawberry pie you sometimes find with a big stack of strawberries in a sugar glaze, and no pudding.)The apple pie is runny under the crust, and not the dry kind. They also have a glaze they pour on to it.  The best way to try apple pie here is with whip cream. Why? Because it is hand whipped and it blows away any ice cream you've had. TRY IT.  Apple pie and whipped cream. mmmm.  (For the old timers they also offer cheddar on top of you apple pie. Ew!.)AP is the best in the West at what they do. And I freely admit that Umami is great, Father's Office is awesome and Westside Tavern is too. Even "The Six" down the street makes a good burger. But AP is the only traditional old-school american burger where it's not about the thick fat patty of beef, but about the layering of cheese, lettuce, and hickory sauce.Often cited as the most historical burger joint in LA, The Apple Pan has been in business since 1947 and is still running strong, retaining its original American diner ambience, right down to the old-style cash registers propped on both sides of the U-shaped seating ring. In fact, I'd say that the only palpable change since the 40's is the prices.And changed they have. I'll venture a guess that a burger did not cost $8 + tax/tip in the 40's. And after trying their renowned Hickory Burger (the BBQ-tinged alternative to the standard burger), I can't say that its current (2014) prices are justifiable.**Meal Breakdown - Hickory Burger and Fries**The bread is nice and firm, allowing the burger to retain its shape throughout the meal. The meat is decent; somewhat juicy, but not really thick enough to allow you to enjoy its true meatiness. They load the things up with iceberg lettuce, which ends up being responsible for most of its volume. The hickory sauce has an old-timey American BBQ feel to it. The fries are crisp and potato-ey, and I'd argue are better fries than the burger is a burger.**Let's Talk Pie**I can't finish a meal here without eating the pie. They have 4 varieties: Apple, Banana Cream, Pecan, and Pumpkin, and all varieties use original recipes from as early as the mid-1800s. An admirable concept, but sometimes change is good. Surprisingly, the namesake Apple Pie is not the best of the four. It tastes homely, the kind of thing you'd expect your great-grandma to pull out of her oven, but is very runny and inevitably falls apart. It is a lot more apple-y than it is sweet.The star of the show is the Banana Cream Pie. The custard blends right into the natural creaminess of the banana slices, and is further complemented, in ideal ratio, by the whipped cream on top. The crust is firmer than the Apple, meaning you can actually enjoy the same consistency throughout. Despite the diner's name, overall, the Banana Pie is designed better.**Experience**Service is rushed. The wait staff always has this condescending "yeah you're welcome" kind of attitude. There's often a wait but no one taking names, meaning customers fend for themselves as far as seating order, potentially escalating into a chaotic free-for-all. It's cash only, and with the $8 burgers, fries, and a couple of sodas and pie, you may be looking at a decent-size bill.The Apple Pan is good for the novelty and for enjoying its nostalgic 1940's ambience. It might be cool to try if that's what you're looking for, but sadly, the food alone is not worth the prices, perhaps with the exception of the Banana Pie.Final rating is a 2.5, with an optional half-a-star if you're here for the ambience.I hate going anywhere on Pico. I mean, I can't tell you how much. Traffic sucks, people suck, parking sucks, drivers suck. On more than one occasion, I've seen idiot drivers DRIVE IN REVERSE on Pico in the middle of rush hour to get a parking spot. Morons. So you'll understand my level of commitment to a restaurant in order to go over there. This commitment is what drove me to Apple Pan. If you want a traditional, classic burger, this is the place to go. I don't have time for your fancy, frilly, trendy, hipster, skinny jeans, artisan burger places. I really don't. They're all right if you want to see just how much nouveau riche acoutrements you can add to your burger to try and pretend that it is something more bourgeois than what it was ever intended. As for me, I'm a burger classicalist, and even the fact that such a definition exists is irksome. But I digress. When you arrive, if you're lucky enough to get a parking spot in their tiny parking lot in back, you walk through a little pathway that looks like a side yard to someone's house to get to the front door. Once you're inside, all you see is a U-shaped lunch counter, 2 very old fashioned registers (I don't think any of the buttons actually work on either of them), and a grill on the other side of the counter. There's no air conditioning, no music, no jukebox. Just a classic throwback to the time when you wanted a burger and didn't need to be entertained with the latest, hippest trends. The menu is hardly extensive. Two kinds of burgers, fries, a few other sandwiches, and pies. It's not complex. I ordered the steak burger, no lettuce, relish and mayo. When it was set before me, swaddled in it's old fashioned white paper, I was rather taken aback at the absence of a plate. But then I thought about it for a second. What in the hell do I need a damn plate for? I came here for the burger, not a plate! The burger was cooked to perfection. The Tillamook cheese had a perfect melty substance, and the relish was just the right amount. The fries were served in a little cardboard container, and the guy behind the counter kept pouring out the ketchup for me in a little cardboard dish. Everything was absolutely as fresh as can be! The burger was not massive in size but was extraordinarily filling, which tells me that they don't cut the meat mixture with a lot of filler crap in order to cut costs. Win!On the back of the menu, there is a little information on the recipes they use for their burgers and pies. Turns out that they are old family recipes dating back to the 1800's. The banana cream pie dates back to the 1850s! I thought that was pretty impressive so I ordered myself a slice. It was not a very practical thing to do, but I figured that since I made the sojourn to Pico in the first place, I would by God have some pie. I wondered whether or not it would be worth the sheer agony that I knew I would suffer after eating it since I was already so full. The answer.... a resounding YES!!! This was literally the best banana cream pie I'd ever eaten. Fresh, creamy bananas, custard, and fresh cream. To be honest, I haven't even seen a banana cream pie that looks similar to theirs! Most of the complaints I've seen on Yelp concern the "rude" waiters and the price. I can definitely understand why it may come across as a negative, so I will do my best to explain (or, at least, what it seems like to me). Rude waiters: The Apple Pan is a notoriously busy place. There isn't a lot of room in there, and there's always someone jonesing for a seat at the counter. If you sit down, and you tell the waiter that you know what you're going to have, it's a real d!ckhead move to not know. Like I said, the menu is NOT extensive or complicated. There's about 7 items on there, MAX. I heard some douche a few chairs down from me trying to order. "Yeah....... uhhhhh... I'm going to have the.... uhhh..... hmmm..... Well.... hmmmmm.... I think... You know what? I.... hmmmm..... no....." If this is what you do, you're an ass-hat and you deserve to get treated as such. Prices: I admit it, the prices are steep. I had a Steakburger, fries, a Diet Coke, and a slice of pie. Total was $20.25. While the place is old fashioned and vintage, the prices are not. That bummed me out a bit but then I got to thinking. The area around here is EXPENSIVE!!!! Rent prices are INSANE. I don't know if the owners of the Apple Pan actually own their plot of land, but my guess is that they don't. In order for a small hamburger shop to keep up with the escalating rent hikes in that area, they HAVE to charge that much to the customers. It sucks, but it doesn't seem like it can be helped. TL;DR: I can absolutely understand why Apple Pan is renowned for being the best burger joint in L.A. I don't know if I have a hands down favorite, but Apple Pan is definitely in my top 5. The prices are steep, but if you want to maintain a little piece of the past that's in an upscale neighborhood, you have to pay.Get the Hickoryburger. I'm going to say it again: Hickoryburger! Everything is good at The Apple Pan, but the Hickoryburger is fantastic.Aside from that, the fries are alright, and the pies are excellent. Don't set your expectations too high, however. This place is as casual as can be, with bar seating and hordes of people leanings against the walls, waiting for seating to become available during the busier hours. Oh, and it's cash only, so come prepared! If none of that bothers you, you're in for a treat when you dine at The Apple Pan. And just in case you weren't paying attention...HICKORYBURGER!!!I hate to think it possible but this is one of those places that although timeless and perfect probably will be gone soon. I am seeing it more and more in LA. The good places with real quality, the original ones, replaced by coffee chains and  condos.  So go enjoy while you still can. Hickory Burger, with a slice of pie. I promise you will go back (for as long as it is still there).I don't get it but I kiiiiiiiiind of get it.It's your old school burger joint. They haven't changed the recipe or the inside of the place since the day it opened. So it has this great vintage charm to it. (Not sure if there was AC in there. It was sweaty hot in there.)Plus, your order comes out FAST. I think I got my fries in less than a minute of ordering it and my burger in about 2 minutes. The service is fantastic and there's an unlimited, very generous supply of ketchup that ends up on your plate every few mins. There are no tables or booths. It's just a counter top. Great place if you want a quick burger by yourself.The burger itself was nothing spectacular. I mean it wasn't even that good. It was just a lot of sauce and I got stuck with the nasty most middle part of the lettuce. I barely tasted the cheddar cheese. Not sure if I'll be back but I guess it was worth the experience.I do hear that their banana pie is killer but I didn't have room in my tummy to order it.5 stars for their banana cream pie! Buttery, flaky, slightly salty, sweet crust, tons of thin sliced bananas, light, fluffy whipped cream and that silky, rich, not too sweet custard. My sister doesn't even like bananas and she told me about their banana cream pie so I had to try it. BEST. EVER.I am disappoint.  I came here after hearing it was an LA staple.  It was right near my new apartment when I moved but it took me a while to make it out to the Apple Pan, making me feel like I was missing out on a neighborhood gem.  After finally trying it, even without the let down from the hype, this was a disappointing experience.Food: 2/5Neither burger was even worth eating in my opinion. Both burgers were smothered in mayo and sickly sweet sauce and piled excessively high with thick crunchy lettuce.  Even the meat by itself felt nothing special.  Perhaps I should have simply ordered a slice of pie.  The fries I thought were quite tasty though (and I appreciate them pouring out the old fashioned glass bottle ketchup for you).Ambience: 3/5The Apple Pan definitely mixes up your dining experience from the regular grind, but overall the atmosphere feels sort of barren rather than warm and homey.Service: 3/5If you come here at meal time you should expect to hover and compete for a seat and then be hovered over while you eat.  Everything else about the service is lightning fast... but unfortunately in a way that makes you the customer feel rushed and frantic.All in all, it's certainly a markedly different dining experience... but the food was so unappealing I wouldn't go for the novelty, I wouldn't get take out to avoid the franticly rushed service, and I wouldn't even go back to gamble on the pie.The Apple Pan is legit.  The reason to come here is the ambiance and nostalgia.  You walk in and there's a long U-shaped counter around the grill.  It's a very simple menu, but the food is solid and the servers work their butts off.  We ordered the Steakburger ($7.10) and Hickoryburger ($7.10) and split the fries ($2.60) and banana cream pie ($6.25).  On paper, the burgers look identical but I prefer the Hickoryburger, which has a hint of a BBQ flavor.  The fries are to die for, and the banana cream pie is great as well.  I'm not sure the pie was as good as it was hyped up to be, but it was still very tasty.The only downside about this place is that they tally the bill by hand.  Double check the math, because we paid without looking closely and realized later we were overcharged $5.  Well, and also there's not much seating.  It's part of the charm but don't come here expecting to accommodate a big party.There's metered street parking, but your best bet is to park in the Westside Pavilion garage across the street.Hickoryburger with Tilamook cheese with a side of well done fries and a slice of apple pie!  A very simple menu with two classic burger options, the hickory, of course, and the Steakburger.  The hickory had a great, smokey bbq flavor, and tasted fresh.  It kind of reminded me of In-N-Out quality.  It's a very old fashioned joint with a eat-in counter, so don't expect any frills or restaurant quality burgers with lots of options/substitutions.  Limited parking in the back, lots of metered street parking, and CASH ONLY!!I was disappointed by this joint. I had ordered the steak burger with cheese and fries and was expecting a good flavor burger but it was nothing special. The fries were stale. I was better off going to In & Out!First time n it was great!!! From the steak burger to the fries to the banana pie !!! N the server was crazy amazingI have been going here since I moved to Los Angeles. The Apple Pan has been around for ages, since the 40's and I think is still owned by decedents of the original family that founded it. Great burgers, sandwiches, fries, and pies. I assume made the same way they've been making them for decades. They serve you most drinks in paper cylinder cones in a metal holder. The burger arrives wrapped in wax paper. Fries come on a plate or a bowl and the server pours the catsup on a plate for you. I am very partial to the tuna salad sandwich. I swear it is the best tuna salad sandwich I've ever had. Probably because of the Mayo, and whatever else they put in there. Oh-so-good! Fries can be inconsistent. Ask for them slightly crispy to be sure IMO.Not a lot of space inside. It's a counter restaurant only with a "U" shaped bar area and a server (I guess one for each leg of the "U" takes your order from the middle and brings out your order. The servers are efficient but perhaps a little surly.I've never had a bad meal there (although think of the calories) and you can take a whole pie to go with you if you like.Recommended...and cash only.Loved their hickory burger. I've ate here twice and I seriously crave this place but its just too far from home. I've been meaning to return but now with finding of The Fix Burger joint near I don't know when I'd return. I have yet to try their pies so maybe that's a reason;)Simply my favorite american burger place in L.A. ... So much that I miss it when I go back home.This is place is extremely disappointing. Bottom line is, there are far better experiences on the West Side than this.I had heard about the Apple Pan for a while as a return to the days of the classic burger counter. I love old timey nostalgic themes like that so I was excited when my gf and I decided to come here for lunch. We came in around 1pm and the place was expectedly busy. We had to wait a bit but got two seats quicker than we expected which was nice. When we sat down the guy behind the counter immediately started grilling us (there is a burger pun here somewhere) for our order. I just asked for a coke which he handed me as a can, paper cone full of ice, and some weird metal stand for the cone which looks like the fancy thing that rich people eat deviled eggs out of. This wasn't necessarily a bad thing, just wasteful I suppose.As soon as he handed us our drinks, we hadn't even begun to look at the menu, but he asked for our order. We said we are still deciding and he said ok, and that he would come back in 5 seconds. He was basically trying to rush us along. I understand it was busy, but I at the very least want some time to understand what I am ordering before I order it.We finally placed our order, so this is a good time to talk about the decor. Again, I get it. This is supposed to be classic and nostalgic. It is meant to feel like an old time burger bar. Not at all. This place is just old and ugly. There is nothing good feeling about it. Its not even like one of those restaurants where it is so bad its good looking like a 50's style diner place. Its just plain bad.All of that was still not enough to warrant 2 stars for me because I am generous reviewer. What was really the last straw for me was the food. I ordered the steak burger sans mayo and my gf had the hickory burger. I figured that since this plane is known for their awesome, amazing burgers, these would be life changing. This is definitely not the case. The beef is flavorless which probably means its bought frozen, not fresh. The bun is nothing special either. The burger itself is almost all sauce. They clearly have over sauced everything to make up for their flavorless meat. I thought this was a fluke but my gf's burger was drowned in ketchup and mayo. Mine was overpowered with the flavor of the sweet relish. Consequentially, my hands were also drowned in that relish. The fries were the saving grace because they were crispy on the outside and soft in the middle. They did one thing right.Lastly, when it came time to pay, we got the bill but couldn't read it. I asked the server what the second number was. He takes the bill, re-does all the math and adds to the charge. We end up paying way more than we should have. Also, for any business out there being stubborn about accepting cash, get over yourself. You are losing customers who are increasingly NOT CARRYING CASH. Eat the 3-5% credit card fee. If that is going to ruin your business then you are doing it wrong.Please avoid the Apple Pan. Do yourself the favor because there are far better options all around the Westside and Santa Monica.Quick and Simple. Infused with a touch of history.The Apple Pan has stood the test of time, serving burgers and pies that have been unchanged for decades. Coming off different accolades as being one of the best burgers in LA, I tried this place twice in the past 15 months. I must say that the hype may have destroyed what could have been something ... just right?Placing into consideration its history and resilience to changing the formula, I feel that the burgers are just ok. Not out of this world like some other historical places, but fair. The sauce is sweet and becomes more refreshing with a big load of fresh lettuce. The lettuce load might be too big, because it looked like the lettuce  it ate the burger patty (where's my meat?!). In any case, their Banana Cream Pie is LEGIT. Delicious graham cracker crust, and well balanced cream to banana ratio, the banana crème pie lives up to the hype and possibly surpasses it. One of my favorite Pies in Los Angeles, For sure!There is still charm that lined the walls of the counter diner, but there's also disappointment in the places I sat. I can't quite put my thumb on it, but to each their own. Definitely go and enjoy a burger, and share a delicious pie; then you can decipher the history for yourself.CASH ONLY! If you are coming from out of town bring about $30 to $40 for two people. It a cool old school hamburger and sandwich shop. They serve you drinks in paper cylinder cones in a metal holder. The burger comes to you wrapped in wax paper and they tap it down on the counter in front of you. Fries come on a plate and the server pours the catsup on a plate for you.The burgers are good. I got the hickory burger. It was good with a nice smoky sweetness to the sauce. Kind of messy. While it's not the best burger I've had, it's it good burger and a historical site. Not a lot of space inside. You sit around this U shaped bar area and the person takes your order from the middle and brings out your order. I also got the fries and a cream soda. The fries were nothing spectacular.  I wouldn't order them myself again. Do get the cream pies. I got the cherry cream pie. Be careful of pits as my girlfriend got one in her pie. It was a fun experience! While the servers are not really personable, they get people in and out rather quickly.  They do a good job.My Immediate Response when finished with my burger and fries: "Meh"...My Experience: The waiter takes no extra time for you so you better not ask questions. You order your burger, you wait 5 min for it, he slams the burger down in front of you without a word and moves on to take another order...you eat, you pay, you leave.  Simple, brief, fast, move on.Will I come back?: No. There's a Norms down the street.  :/.*CASH ONLY*_what i ordered:i've had the regular burger and the hickory smoked burger and i came to the consensus that i LOVE the latter. it really had a nice smoked kick to it! the burger is very simple with just the basics. sometimes it's nice to have a laid back burger without too many competing flavors. i liked the fries too (but there's just not that much to say about it)roommate got the banana creme pie and i remember carrying it for him into the apt; that thing has MASS. i had a slice. golden. definitely try it! :D_service:service was average. they're always busy here so they aren't going to hang around and try to have conversations with you. they sort of want to serve you and get you out for quick turnaround. they get the job done._parking:there's always street parking on Pico and off on the residential side streets. there are also some meter lots in the area. if you are super desperate, you can park at westside pavilion and you get first 90 min free (i believe; double check).Cash only. Always good to know. The burgers and fries are ok. Wouldn't come back for those.Apple pie was really good. Maybe come back for a slice.Banana cream pie is the best. I do come back for literally one whole pie.Apple Pan Review # 1,867. lol! as if the Apple Pan needs another.  I've driven by the tiny early 20th century single story building for years before finally satisfying my curiosity & my belly with beef.  If you are a new age health enthusiast this aint yo place. ;)  if you like the kind of eats grammy, gramps & mom & pop grew up on then the Pan marks the spot. Limited menu makes decisions easy.  Burgers are probably not grass fed, the bread probably has gluten and the fries are... Fried and damn good.  Great place for nostalgia.  I imagined what the tiny place must have been like 50, 60, 70 years ago.  Not much would have changed but the color of the faces that now sit around the squared counter surrounding the grill where your burger is cooked.  Have not yet had the pie! That will be on my return visit.  Sure beats a Smash Burger or any other chain with claim of fame, no doubt.hit it up when in the hood. :)P.S. IMPORTANT: when ordering a burger do not make my mistake by unwrapping the paper around it to eat it. It will fall apart in your hands and land on the counter in a big mess. ;)  I won't make the same mistake twice. :)Burgers were excellent! Banana cream pie is unmatched. The seating arrangement could definitely be improved on, at least someone to coordinate it. Will definitely go back but  at a less busy time.Food:  GoodService:  Friendly, fastLocation:  by great LA landmarksWouldn't recommend coming here in a large group:  keep it at 4 max.Try their pies. Any pie. So worth it.As a UCLA alum I had to go here! When entering you get a little confused if you have to sign something for your party or they will approach you. Luckily I was with my bf and he said you have to just be aware of the people who are already waiting and then when someone leaves take their seats. It can get a little bit hectic.Food is delicious! I got the tuna melt and it had a sweet taste, next time I'm going to get the egg sandwich. They serve their sodas in cute little old fashioned cone holders. Make sure you get cheese fries! (Not listed on the menu)Walking in for the first time, I was a little taken back by the way you have to hustle for empty seats. That aside, everything is done the old fashion way. If role playing or going to themed restaurants is your thing, good for you. You'll enjoy this place. But, I just don't get why they can't have maybe a little bit of "technology" here and there. Like maybe a large container of ketchup with some kind of pump, so the server wouldn't have to keep several bottles of it in his working area and shake them onto each plate. That just seems like unnecessary extra work with no real value, and it's a bit annoying to watch. Anyway, the food is ok-decent. The menu has some bullshitty descriptions for the burgers like "the burger with our authentic super secret sauce....bluh bluh," but it's really a normal burger with marinara sauce. Good quality though.The server\manager\owner or whoever it was that was serving the food, was a nice guy as well. A man of very few words, but definitely a standup guy. To rum it up, the food and the experience is worth a try.The burger isn't bad, but I do prefer Umami Burger and In n Out. However, the apple pie is perfect - just the right mix of sweet and savory - and the vanilla ice cream is incredible. It's definitely worth the two bucks. I loved the old school vibes as well...definitely some history here.This is the best place of my life.  I got in, ate and was out in under 12 minutes.The old grumpy dude behind the counter is awesome .  He pours the ketchup for you and refills it.  Had my food within 3 minutes from ordering.Heaven.I've seen a lot of TV shows about this place, but never been here. Feeling a bit nostalgic last weekend, we decided to pay a visit to Apple Pan. It's located across the street from the Westside Pavilion and has been an iconic institution in LA since 1940's, mainly for its old school diner appeal. Everything is outdated to preserve its classic retro theme. It's also tiny inside and counter seating only. When we arrived, the place was packed. There was no hostess to greet us or take our name. We had to stand behind the people sitting at the counter and wait for them to finish. Luckily, a few seats soon became available and we quickly jump at the opportunity. The menu was small and cash only. We ordered the steak and hickory burger with a side of fries. While the burgers were good, it surely wasn't the best. A better description would be "decent and satisfying".  We actually preferred the hickory over the steak which was more flavorful. The portions were definitely a bit overpriced, especially $7 per burger. The highlight for me was the slice of apple pie ala mode. Made fresh daily, it delightfully filled-in the empty corner of space in my stomach capping my meal and putting a smile on my face.Apple Pan was truly a blast from the past. It's more of an experience than a dining destination. Like all landmarks, one visit is all you need to satisfy your curiosity and interest. Though the burgers and pies were okay, it doesn't warrant a return visit anytime soon.Fast-friendly service.  That's about all I can positively say about this restaurant that is catty corner to the Landmark Theater.  But hey service goes a long way with me.The burgers here were serviceable.  They felt like In-n-Out burger cousins who went to finishing school, but in the end they are blood related.  The burgers have the sweet pan grilled buns and the burgers are fresh like In-n-out.  The taste is just okay.  I personally prefer my $7-8 burger to be flame broiled.  This is more like a $2 burger to me.  Fries are okay.The wait can be a bear though.  There's no queue system so anyone waiting around for a counter space (no tables here!) has to hang back like vulture looking out for the next vacancy.  I'll go back if someone bought lunch for me.  It's good but not $15 good including burger, fries, and drink.Nostalgia only. Hamburgers too hickory tasting for me. Cash only annoying.Fries are good...but not amazing. Go to In and Out: hamburgers better and you can use your credit card.I have wanted to try this place for awhile now. So on our last day in town we stayed to go for lunch. My whole family loved it!  Service was fast and friendly. My husband and I had steakburgers, one of my daughters had the Hickory burger (my other daughter eats her burgers plain) all were served up hot and fresh!  The relish on the steakburger is so good,  had a bit of an apple taste. The hickory sauce is  amazing, I skipped the catsup and ate it on my fries. Love the vintage holders for the cones the soft drinks are served in. Try to save room for pie, we shared a slice of banana OMG the best banana pie I have ever had! It is cash only, so make sure to hit the ATM on the way, I love they still use vintage cash registersAll the hipsters and people expecting to much will give this place a bad review however Apple Pan has being serving burgers for 67 years they must be doing something right! It is now a must stop for us when in LAWalking in here... you just know things are going to be done right. And they are - hickory burger with fries came out within five minutes.Like most nostalgic things, the prices jar you a little bit ($7.10 for a burger, $6 for a slice of pie + an extra $.25 for a cream pie), but it's a great experience nonetheless. Those fries, man - I'd go for that. And I haven't seen so much real fruit in pies since the last time I made it myself.Love that it's across from my favorite theatre, the Landmark, too.My FAVORITE burger spot in LA, that is all.Steakburger & Hickoryburger were both good. Fries are okay, but not salty.I'm not really a fan of the apple pie, but the pecan is good. They have been out of the banana cream the past few times, but it's supposed to be the best. I think it's kind of overpriced for what it is.Still on the hunt for a burger that matches Shake Shack on the east coast. This has been the closest so far, but it needs to be a little greasier, with better fries.The food is great and the servers are nice and quick but I think the food is a little too expensive. If I want a burger and drink and a slice of pie, I had to come with 30$. It's great to come here if you are taking people around on vacation because it is an icon of LA but the prices are kinda mad.So it's really a 3.5 rounded up because of the nostalgia! You feel like you just entered the 50s - I don't think this place has changed anything (but it's prices and chairs) since it's opening day in 1945.This place is delightful and a total experience. You have a counter than runs around the grill and the chefs take your order and slide your food across to you when it's ready. Simple, classic, and fun! This place is great!The burgers are no nonsense and really flavorful. I had the Hickory burger and it was delicious! The Tillamook cheese with their hickory sauce was lovely! Their fries are also really good. (loss of .5 cause they don't have ranch...)Disclaimer: If you can't handle being rushed or are a very slow eater - get your food to-go. Not saying that you have to gobble your food down if you dine in -but because it's all counter seating you have people who are watching you eat to see if they can grab your seats when you are done. No waiters, no one showing you to the next open seat - just the camaraderie of people looking for a good burger and yes...it's a good burger. CASH ONLY! Don't get stuck - get $$$ before you get there.I'd love to come back and actually enjoy the pies - their banana cream looks good!Ripe or Hype? RipeThe Apple pan, local restaurant that has been around for many years, nestled in the hustle and bustle of LA, they stay true to their customers and themselves.The originality of the place is not like any other I've eve been to, since it looks like a house on the outside and when you head inside feels like a old fashioned diner.Service offered a great description of what most people get and what is inside of those burgers they make. Getting the Hickory Burger, my first impression is the Hickory sauce, Bursting with Flavor giving the burger it's signature taste and feature. However as soon as that Hickory sauce isn't there you get a very fresh ordinary burger. Fries are a plenty so just get an order for two people.My Recommendation:Get the Hickory Burger with extra sauce on the sideGet the burger cooked MediumGet FriesTIP:Parking can be a pain in the neck, but they have limited free parking behind the restaurant.My husband and his parents have been coming here for 20 years so now we're following that tradition with our family.  We love coming here, food is so great and the servers are that's workers that I have ever seen. I always get the steak burger with French fries.  I can't imaging ordering anything else.This place is famous for their burgers, and while the burger is ok, I'd rather go to In N Out. Not a fan of their fries either - too thick for my taste. Tuna melt is a little on the greasy side too. However, their pie is no joke and well worth the visit. I'd suggest skipping the food and going there for dessert only.The place does get extra points for being a cultural landmark here in LA. It served as the exterior of the Peach Pit from 90210 prior to them switching over to an actual set.I have be coming here for years and I think it's the greatest burger on the West Side! Quick and delicious. Not much else to say!.Right across from Westside Pavilion. If you're in the mood for a burger, come here for  an olde-American kind of vibe. It's a cash-only place since they still have the same type of registers they had back in the 40s when they opened. The servers even wear the type of pinstriped, sailor-hat uniforms. No tables; everyone sits at the front counter where the food is prepared for you. Good luck sitting together if your party is large!Got the Hickory Burger with cheese (Tillamook!) and I thought it was genius to have such a huge wad of lettuce in a burger to offset any dryness/saltiness from the beef patty or cheese. Besides that, the burger wasn't spectacular but I must admit that everything about it was fresh. What made this place for me was our incredibly nice server who could be someone's favorite grandpa. When we wanted to try their famous banana cream pie, he was apologetic in telling us that they ran out. The Apple Pie we then ordered seemed much bigger than it should have been--bless him, he knew the three of us were gonna share it. The apple filling was not too cinnamon-y/overtly sweet and was pleasantly warm. Crust was buttery and melt-in-your-mouth. All other apple pies definitely pale in comparison.Kind of a blast from the past.  Good, fast old school burgers, fries, and pies.  Three of my favorite things.  Cash only.Coming in, you're greeted by a big U-shaped counter than extends through most of the floor.  There's about 20 stools on the outside with the cooks all on the inside, so you can watch them make your food In-N-Out style or chat with your friends.  If you're waiting, you won't be waiting long since there seems to always be quick turn over.  Once you order off of their small but focused menu, they'll put your food on paper plates, splash a chunk of ketchup from glass bottoms next to your fries, and leave you alone until you're ready to order more or pay the bill.Pros: feels like a classic diner from the 50 or 60s with the stools, countertop, even menu selection, high quality food.  For drinks, you can even get buttermilk!Cons: no credit cards, seating is erratic and purely by luck of the draw, street parking only, price is a bit high for non-gourmet food, not a lot of variety beyond burgers, fries, pieI typically get the steak burger, fries, and a slice of banana cream pie which runs me around $15.  Everything tastes great, the fries are crispy and fresh, the hamburger meat is well seasoned and cooked.  The place is cash only, and people don't sit and chat for long but it's all part of the atmosphere.  I'd rate this place a 3.7, getting knocked down a bit for the higher price.I came here many many years ago after watching Elmer Dills talk about their hamburgers and apple pies. My friend and I drove 40 miles to this place to indulge. After that day I said to my buddy I won't ever go back, but here I was 15 years later I'm here to buy an apple pie. It was fresh and my mouth was watering even though I didn't eat it until several hours later. The place hasn't changed in my opinion it's still a horse shoe dining area and it's still cash only. I didn't get a hamburger but I was only interested in the apple pie. Personally I liked the apple pie. It wasn't overly sweet though some in our party was semi disappointed. If on another hangout day I'll be back to pick up another pie here.My favorite burger in LA, old school, no nonsense, cash only, been going my whole life still have never had the pie but I heard the banana cream is excellent. Hover behind whoever looks like is almost done because seating is ruthless, come with 1 other person, maybe 2 but bigger than that is a bad idea. Cash only, show up at 10:59 if you're smartSince I moved to LA 7 months ago, I've heard rumblings about The Apple Pan. Some people love it and some people well, not so much. I think I'm in the latter category. Shortly after opening on a late Sunday morning there were only a few stools unoccupied in the old school diner. The place certainly had the nostalgic feel to it with the punch cash registers, the drinks served in cones and the white shirts and hats of the employees.The menu is simple - burgers, sandwiches, fries, pies and drinks. I went with the hickory burger with cheese, fries and a slice of banana cream pie. The hickory burger had an interesting smoky flavor but there was just way too much sauce on the burger, too much lettuce and mayo when I specifically requested mine without It. The only thing that was in short supply was the actual meat! The patty was so thin. For $7.10 + .50 for cheese, that was almost a joke. The fries really had no seasoning. They were crispy but not good.The best thing about my meal was the banana cream pie. The whipped cream was perfectly sweetened, the pudding was tasty, the bananas were fresh and the crust was flaky and light. For $6.25, I may be able to justify that. Overall though, for over $17, the Apple Pan just wasn't my kind of place. I can't imagine ever craving anything from there. Well, I satisfied my curiosity. Now...I'm off to actually find a good burger in LA.My Parents have been taking me here since I was a little kid and Ive always loved the experience. You always have to be prepared to wait as there are only like 25 seats in the whole restaurant. The quality is great but the prices can get pretty steep. If you get a Burger, fries, drink and slice of pie, you are looking at 25 bucks right there. And the Pie is a must. The banana cream pie is killer. I have to get a slice every time I come here.Its definitely worth coming here for the old time experience once in a while but I don't come here too often. Great place to bring out of town friends to show them a classic burger joint.Food was ok. Nothing special, although I did like the sauce. I saw cheese fries in front of someone else and I wished i had ordered those. I did not like the pecan pie at all. Too chunky, bland, and small. They must have been visiting crazy town when they priced this $6.25. If you like chunky, you might like it. It is not for a leisurely lunch, since you may be asked to move to accommodate others since the place is so small. Also, people will stand right behind you watching you eat and waiting for you to finish. I can now say I did this quintessential la spot.What a cool LA gem. It's small and steeped in tradition. The servers are usually older gentlemen and there's a protocol. You only eat at the counter and the menu options are small but good (not necessarily healthy either). CASH ONLY. And there's a small parking lot in back if you're luckyWe came here on a Sunday and it was fairly packed.  The restaurant is very vintage and has a 50s feel to it.  The servers were reminded me of Vietnamese restaurants where they take your order and that's it.  No special treatment, but was very attentive.  There's parking in the back and on the street in the neighborhood.  The Hickory Burger was pretty awesome.  I don't do BBQ sauce burgers and usually enjoy them the ol fashion way.  If I feel adventurous, I'll add an egg.  Anyways, the hickory sauce was smokey, sweet and delicious.  The patty was cooked to perfection and juicy.  The fries was fat fries and cooked to a golden yellow.  They serve their soda in a paper cone, which I thought was interesting.  Overall, Apple Pan was a good experience and I liked their burgers more than Father's Office or Umami.  I would definitely come back and grab myself another burger and fries.We had really great service and didn't wait too long. We had dr.pepper and shared a steak burger, a hickory burger, fries, and a slice of banana cream pie. It was delicious. The hickory burger was wayyyy better than the steak burger. The banana cream pie was so amazing I want to try the cherry cream pie next time! Paper cups for the soda was such an added bonus. Cash only! Nicest waiters ever! And they are open late so we will definitely be going back.One of my favorite burger joints. I never wanted to eat here because I heard that patrons wait and watch you enjoy your meal. I always feel rushed to eat when I feel like people are watching. But Apple Pan is well worth the wait and the stares. I always get the hickory burger with Tillamook cheese. The burger has this smokey flavor, but not too overwhelming. It's always juicy and the tomatoes and lettuce are always fresh. And I ALWAYS end the meal with a slice of banana cream pie. Flaky crust, sweet bananas, smooth banana pudding, and fluffy whipped cream. AMAZING!! I don't even like eating bananas or anything banana flavored, and this is one of the only ways I'll ever eat it. If you feel like splurging, get a whole banana cream pie. You'll be surprised at how quickly it disappears from your refrigerator. If you decide to savor it, it'll normally last a week in the fridge. Bananas are so well surrounded by the cream and pudding that it doesn't even brown. Careful! Cash only. (Not to worry, there's a Wells Fargo across the street).This is the "Tito's Tacos" of burger joints.  My favorite thing is to wait.... hovering over some garbage pail to get his seat...and then sit down and wait for the burger...the patty is not tender ....."steak burger"...this is code for grinding up the cheapest tough steak you can find...to make a tough burger.....two words.  Ground-  Chuck 80-20.  Get me some tender juicy meat for the love of john.  Also...you get to eat your burger with 3 or 4 idiots hovering over you waiting for your chair...reminds me of eating in Rikers...F-Apple Pan is considered to be a historic venue among LA locals and is famous for their burgers and apple pies.  They've been open since 1947!  Jonathan Gold listed this spot on his 100-things-to-do-in-LA list, so I had to dine here....but after doing so twice...I am severely disappointed! As soon as you enter this eatery, it's like going back in time.  Everything, from the decor, mannerisms and outfits of the employees date back to the 1950's.  Even the drinks are served in these little cone cups that I've only seen in western films! For seating, there's a counter top with stools which adds to the vintage charm. ----The Food----Steakburger Original ($7.10)- There's no question that Apple Pan stays true to their slogan of "Quality Forever".  Their ingredients are extremely fresh, but what disheartens me is the taste and proportions.  The lettuce is almost three times the size of the patty making each bite unsatisfying for a carnivore like myself.  Also, the special pickled relish sauce is slathered a little too generously--overriding the aroma of the thin beef patty.  In my opinion, for the price, I'd rather have an In N Out burger. Hickory Burger ($7.10)- This burger is the same exact replica of the one above and had the same problems with its proportions!... but the difference is in the sauce.  The steakburger has a mild sweet pickle relish, whereas the hickory burger has a thick audacious tangy one. Out of the two, I enjoyed this one a little more, but as I've said before, I'd probably grab In N out instead.Fries (2.60)- Daily made fresh fries that were crispy and fluffy on the inside. Good!Banana Cream Pie, Blueberry Pie, Apple Pie (6.25/each slice)- Each were big in size and served with a side of ice cream. They were good! But Id say its comparable to Marie Calendars. ----Conclusion: 2.5 stars. The only reason this place is popular has to be due to the long history of it all.  In this day and age, where aggressive, exciting tastes are blended into burgers, Apple Pan is left in the dust...and seems content with that.  Maybe they still attract customers who appreciate the old-school feel, but I won't be back a third time.Extra Notes:-CASH ONLY-Extremely friendly, fast service-Parking is a challenge, strict enforcement too!-Old school Decor-Restroom availableWay overpriced! I had been meaning to come here for a while because I'd read reviews and heard from friends that this place was great, so I had high hopes that immediately crushed when I found out how much it cost.$25.65 for two burgers, one fries, and a slice of pie.... really?! Ok, I'll wait til I taste the food. Hickory burger with cheese, tasted good, but not remarkable. Minus the sauce it's completely average burger you could very easily make at home. Fries? Don't waste your money. They are crap. Zero flavor and they looked and tasted like they were made yesterday. Banana cream pie was definitely a win! Really good. If I had only ordered the pie, this would be a 4 or 5 star review. Also, the atmosphere was pretty rude. Not mean, really. More like the kind of rude I would call charming of the price was a lot cheaper, but at this price, it was unwarranted... especially since it wasn't even a busy time. Sorry buddy, I didn't mean to inconvenience you while you were doing all that nothing. Oh, and they don't accept credit cards, so bring cash.To be honest, I'm bummed because I really wanted to like it. If it were half the price I'd be willing to overlook all of the shortcomings and would recommend it, but at this price it just makes me irritated.The hickory burger is great! They use a lot of sauce and it can get pretty messy but it is worth it. The steak burger isn't anything special. They have good fries and they are very quick about bringing them to you. I like having something to snack on before I get my burger. They are very fast at making burgers. I have timed them before and it averages at 6 minutes. I think the tuna has too much mayo in it, but I generally dislike mayo so disregard this if you are a fan of mayo. Drinks come in those fun cone cups from a long time ago. They have the BEST banana cream pie of anywhere in LA! I am also a big fan of the apple pie! The pecan pie was okay but nowhere near as good as the other two. If you ask them to they will split any burger or piece of pie in half evenly for you. The service overall is good and the atmosphere is nice. The staff is very friendly. Expect hurried service when the place is crowded. I would recommend going for lunch on a weekday if you can make it or dinner on a weekday. They are extremely busy on the weekends, especially late at night. I am only giving them four stars for two reasons. The first is that they are closed on Mondays. The second is because they are cash only.Another great burger place. Really old school type burger spot, no tables, just one bar...enough to fit a good amount of people. I would give this five stars just for the food, but if you're going with a group of people GOOD LUCK!Anyway back to the food. Had the Hickory Burger of course...the burger wasn't overcooked (Perfect for me), a good helping of their sauce was on the burger, long story short it was great. Fries were good, I mean they're fries what else is there to say? I'm a bit of a caffeine fiend, and had the iced coffee...free refills so i was all for it. I even had to stop the guy from pouring more coffee. Let's talk about dessert...She had the apple pie, which she enjoyed...I had the banana cream pie. Awesome, just awesome. Anyway would I come back? Of course I would. The food was great...Would I come with a group of people? Probably not (sadly i had to take away a star for that one)What can I say about The Apple Pan? Well I love in Las Vegas everytime I travel to Southern California a stop at The Apple Pan is an absolute must!! It is an old school type counter dining burger bar.. Expect to wait a little bit for a seat since there is only about 20/25 spots all counter seating. I usually get a hickory burger which is amazing the special apple ketchup relish or whatever it is they put on it is different but amazing, it adds a certain tangy sweetness. One thing that isn't on the menu that you can get is cheese fries, I am a huge huge fan of cheese fries and these ones are pretty basic but delicious!! Also, try to make sure that you save room for a slice of pie, it will be difficult. Their banana cream pie is exceptional and probably my favorite out of all the banana cream pies that I have come across.. I crave it often. Another little interesting thing is the paper cone cups that they give you to put your soda in, they set it in a little metal holder and something about it just makes it taste better. All in all The Apple Pan is a must try for any burger lovers out there. It is an old timey classic counter service burger joint.Came here with my sister in law based on huge recommendations about their burger. I have no idea what the hype is about! The burgers were so greasy that you can actually see grease dripping onto your plate!! Won't be back here again.This place was FAN-TASTIC! I walked in and the place was packed, a butt in every seat. There was a sort of waiting honor system going on, I was given a heads up on an empty seat by a nice patron.All of the seating is counterspace around a large kitchen/grill area. I think I ordered the steakburger with cheddar, but I may have ordered the hickory. I received the hickory burger with cheese. The first bite was incredible. I would have sworn there was bacon on this burger if i didn't know better. Though cooked to a medium/medium well state, the burger was incredibly juicy.I ordered a coke with my meal (I never order soda!) and it was served in a very interesting manner-a paper cone was placed in a metal holder and filled with ice, with a 12-ounce (standard) can of coke was opened and placed next to it. I have to say, I've never stretched a 12 ounce can of soda as far as I did this one, incredibly, I didnt even finish it. It somehow tasted better served this way!To finish off, I ordered (the last!!!!) piece of apple pie, with half ice cream (a french vanilla style) and whipped cream (fresh). It was absolutely delicious! I would love to come back here again!I really like this place. It wasn't at all what I was expecting; I pass by everyday on my way home and I imagined some small sad diner with tacky decor. But the inside is really small with a counter around a central kitchen with no tacky decor in sight. It is a little difficult to get a seat when it's busy but as long as you have manners and let people who were waiting first be seated, you will have a pleasant experience. My boyfriend and I shared a hickory burger, fries and a banana cream pie. I thought the food was pretty tasty, but I am a sucker for burgers. It's kind of pricey if you consider the simplicity of the food, but the Classic Americana feel to it just can be beat. Parking is kind of a hassle but we parked at the Westfield mall across the street since they have three free hours of parking. Also, don't expect too much from the staff; we went while it was busy, and they are super fast but not chatty, so don't expect a whole lotta chit chat.The Apple Pan speaks for itself and has for many decades. The burgers are insanely good. I always order a double burger because I like a big burger. You need to come here for yourself and experience it. The pie's are off the hook as well. I picked up the other night and I only took pie's to go! I ordered apple, pecan and banana cream. I only come at night and find street parking to not be a problem. I definitely suggest coming here and checking out the food and the cool ambiance!The burgers are like In-n-Out's, a little bigger, and much more expensive. $8 for a burger with cheese and $6.25 for a slice of pie. Pretty solid food, but 3 stars for the price.The best Banana cream pie ever.....THAT IS ALL!!  The only reason I can't give it 5 star...they only accept cash. BOOOOOO!!!I consider myself somewhat of a burger aficionado so whenever I hear a place has a good burger, I need to go give it a try. Tried the hickory burger. First impression, bit small like In-N-Out sized that everyone pointed out. Tasted good. Has some char that I like on the burger patty. Overall, I liked it. My favorite part about this meal wasn't the burger however. It was the banana cream pie that had me rolling my eyes in ecstasy. The yellow cream that has the tapioca-like consistency between the banana slices reminds of birthday cakes from my childhood. The pie really came out of left field for me and really elevated this place overall in my view. Next time I think I'll just get a full pie to go. I had to take down a star because of the seating arrangement. Not a fan of the counter seats and disorganized waiting. People were just standing around randomly and fighting for seats.This is a great value at Apple Pan.  The burgers are juicy, the fries are excellent, and the pie is very good.  The prices are reasonable for this limited All-American menu.  The items they serve are very good.  I'd recommend the Hickory burger.  The reasons for only 4 stars, they only take cash (which is a total throwback) and there is virtually no parking.Welcome to 1960! You sit at the counter and will be served on a small cardboard plate. The drinks are served in an old-fashioned plastic holders with a paper cone-shaped cup. I didn't know these drink holders were still made in 2014.  Now, the Apple Pie is made on the premises and served hot and doused with a hot syrup that adds to its greatness!  It would be best to share a burger so you will have room for pie.One of the best burger places in Los Angeles. The place has been here forever and hasn't changed a bit. You can tell right when you drive up. Modern big office buildings and Apple Pan nestled in between, like a reminder that the 50's haven't quite gone away. You really feel the history when you walk in the door. Old diner style seating wrapped around the kitchen. The employee even grabs things like ketchup for you and pours just the right amount on your plate. I usually get the hickory burger. You can taste the hickory in the meat, so juicy and delicious. Keep in mind the name Apple Pan, the pies are tasty. If you are from L.A. or just visiting, this place is worth a stop. Enjoy!Finally got to try this place since I had just finished watching a movie at Westside Pavilion.  I'd been wanting to try it ever since I heard it was John Wooden's favorite place to eat.Classic diner feel.  Burger was small but good - huge wedge of lettuce, pickles, tomato, ketchup (?), bun, patty.  Patty was very flavorful - wished it was bigger.  Got pumpkin pie because they were out of apple pie (I assume because it's the most popular thing there and we were there at 10pm), and that was pretty good too.  Just a bit pricey - $6.50 for a slice of pie... I could get a whole HUGE pumpkin pie at Costco if I threw in a few more dollars (and Costco's pumpkin pies aren't bad either).When I come here I feel like I'm paying restaurant prices but only getting a fast food quality meal.  Its nothing special, but at least its open late.The only reason I'm not rating this place any lower is because I have a couple friends who really like the food here.  Apple pie isn't my favorite dish either, but my wife loves it.I LOVE the food, the service is old school and the pies are my favorite. I always pick up pies for the holidays from Ape Pan, the Banana Cream and the Chocolate cream pies are to die for!!!Don't drive by without stoping!I really can't say enough great things about this establishment. I have been enjoying the food here for a good 25 years and I've NEVER had a problem. The service is fast and the food is always on par. I love the steak burger! Though the egg salad and the tuna salad are just as good. And lets not forget the PIE! Yep, game over!Ask about refills before you order a soda. I ordered a Creme Soda, and got a small bottle.If i knew that I wouldn't have ordered it!Also, I ordered the Hickory Burger because all the reviews said to order it.I don't get the appeal.  It's a very small hamburger with crisp lettuce and a hickory ketchup.nothing else.Nothing great.  Small order of fries.I also ordered Banana cream pie.  Now that was good, but too expensive.I've been back a few times just for pie.  But It's too expensive, and not really worth it.Ordered a great steak burger and had a surprisingly great cup of coffee. We were served by a quiet but efficient gentlemen who used the quaint old style register with ease.The burger came in an open paper bag, which at first I thought was odd but it actually just added to the charm, the coffee was served in a green tea cup and was surprisingly delicious. Drip coffee that's good at midnight? I was very pleasantly surprised.Finished off the meal with apple pie a la mode, it was full of flavour warm and a generous slice (thank you muchly!). The ice cream was solid and offset the richness and warmth of the cinnamon apple pie and it complemented my coffee very well.Truly flavours that mesh with a charm and tradition from the 40s that sings.The Apple Pan is legit. The restaurant is small & uses a simple counter set up which is really cool and it hasn't been updated in who knows how long which is also great. Someone complained about this in a review below but it's actually really cool to see something untouched. It's got the authenticity "retro" and themed diners try to pull off by keeping it as is. And I should point out that just bc it looks like the 70s as someone below mentioned doesn't mean it is "slipshod" as they also mentioned, it's in good shape!The burgers and fries are good but they are pretty standard. The pies are AMAZING.They don't accept cash so bring cash or stop by the atm at Wells Fargo right next door.I noticed while looking at photos posted here of the menu that over the past two-three years the prices have increased. If they increase any higher it'll be too much, $7 for a burger and $6 for a slice of pie is already walking that line.I imagine at peak hours there's a wait for a seat but chill out because it'll be worth it.This Los Angeles landmark was cranking 'em out long before I came to town.  I was introduced to The Apple Pan by this wonderful girl I was dating.  Unlike me, she was a native.  Each time I return I think about her. And they're wonderful thoughts.This was the kind of relationship where we always made plans but rarely fulfilled them --because we couldn't keep our hands off one another. God, I miss her.After many false starts, she finally dragged me to The Apple Pan on a rare night of celibacy.  And I'm eternally grateful.  I'm aware that many yelpers turn their nose up at this place.  As for me, I don't care how Old School the place is, a Hickory Burger topped with a slice of Tillamook (sp?) cheese is as delicious today as it was on that very first visit.  Well ... now that I think about it and her ... almost as delicious ...O Apple Pan, how I used to dig you so.Your grumpy old men waiters gave me a throwback Back to the Future vibe and invited the obligatory "how long have you been working here" query. Many subsequent visits, and many pies and fries later, I have grown tired of the wait, along with the newbies who invariably have to be told about the unique line system, I have grown tired of the whole process and all the quirks that used to be inviting. Yes, the shine is off the apple.  Perhaps it's time to visit any new place and give you a long deserved rest. Let's meet up again sometime in the new year.  I hope we will stay friends.PeaceI love a good throwback spot and this one is as original as they come. The fact that my grandparents went here when they were younger, and said it's as good as they remember and hasn't changed much is amazing. All bar seating, paper cups, servers pouring your ketchup for you, no substitutions- the whole setup is like walking back in time and is all a part of the experience.My choice order is a hickory burger with cheese, orange crush, fries and a piece of banana cream pie. You will seriously be cheating yourself if you don't order a piece of pie so plan accordingly and maybe don't pig out on fries. The burger is perfectly dressed and the hickory flavor is unique and delicious. Keeps me coming back!Today my husband and I went to The Apple Pan after a trip to the Getty Museum. This was my second time eating here, and it was just okay for me. The nostalgia of the place is what makes it somewhat fun, but the rude service really takes away from any ambiance it has. Since there is only seating at the counter, and it's usually always busy, you have to be prepared to feel very stressed out throughout your entire dining experience. My hubby and I both ordered the hickory burger. We split an order of fries, and we each got creme sodas. The sodas were tasty, and the paper cone cup inside the holder is kind of different and neat. The fries, however, were very overcooked and didn't impress me at all. The burger was slathered in sauce! It was just too much sauce for me, and didn't really have the smoky hickory flavor I was expecting. The gentleman who served us seemed more annoyed that anything to be working there, having to serve us, and acted like we had ruined his day by coming in! No such thing as service with a smile here! He slammed our burgers over to us when they were ready, and even when we tried to say a polite "thank you", he didn't seem to care or respond. I got the feeling that he felt very anxious/overworked and did not have the time to be polite or kind. It also felt stressful knowing there was a line of people literally standing behind us waiting to get a seat at the counter and order. Not a very peaceful, relaxing meal at all! It is also very overpriced for what you get, especially with the service being so poor. The only regret I have is that we didn't order the pie, but the servers literally make you feel like you're putting them out by having to serve you, so it was tough to imagine staying long enough for dessert when you're met with that mentality. At the very end, he asked if I wanted a "to-go" cup for my drink, which I thought was his one kind gesture. Afterward, my husband informed me that he was not trying to be nice, but merely trying to get us to leave faster by offering the to-go cup. I can have a much tastier, cheaper meal in a much less stressful environment. This place is just not worth it. They should get some nicer staff and more seating and then maybe I would try it again.It was my first time and I loved the place! It is a nice old-school diner with a very simple menu. Enough with the pleasantries and let's jump right into the pros/cons/recommendations:Pros: The food is very cheap ($7.10 for a burger, $2.60 for fries, and $1.75 for a soft drink). The diner has a very comfortable and cozy old-school ambience. It takes very little time to order, get your food, and get out of there. They have these famous pies that are delicious (Apple pie/Pecan pie). Cons: The parking lot is very small. Due to the size of the diner, the seating is very limited (not recommended for groups bigger than 3-4). Their pies are very popular and tend to sell out during the day. Speaking of pies, a slice is $6 (I know, expensive right?) but they are darn good. Recommendation: Hickoryburger (seems to be a lot more popular than their Steakburger), french fries (nothing too special about them but are good, not great), and a slice of Apple pie (when I went, they were already sold out of Apple pie so had to settle for Pecan pie; Pecan pie was still very delicious)Random observations: Unique way of serving soda (in a paper cone with ice). They have an antique cash register that is fully functional.A friend and I heard that this was one of the top burger joints in LA, so being the foodies we are, we decided to try it out for ourselves. We walk in to see all the seats filled and no hostess to tell you where to sit. Ok I mean I guess that's pretty cool, being old school and all. It was just kinda awkward cause you have a whole line of people just waiting to pounce on a seat. We sat down after about 20 minutes of waiting and looked at the menu to see only a handful of burger selections. In fact the only difference between the two main burgers was the sauce, but we still rolled with it. The burgers were nothing special at all, as my friend said, "you could get a six dollar burger at Carl's Jr. and it'd be the same thing." I just think this place is too hyped up and there are DEFINITELY way more burger joints that deserve to be the top ones in LA. I won't be coming back here and I suggest going to Umami or Stout if you're looking for a decent burger with good service.3.5 starsI was glad I read Yelp reviews about the place not having a host/hostess and that it has an honor system.  Walk in and wait until it's your turn to take that open spot.  Ok, so I really enjoyed the food.  Hickory burger was way better than I had imagined it.  Fries were so fresh and perfectly crispy.  The waiter poured generous portion of ketchup in the paper plate so there was no need for me to haggle with the bottle.  Banana cream pie was DELICIOUS.  So why just 3 stars?Our waiter, who I learned had been there for years and years was super swift and efficient.  I did like how fast he took our orders and how quickly he brought our food to us.  I didn't mind his not smiling or never saying 'you're welcome' or even a quick 'sure' when customers thanked him for his service.  But what got me really turned off was how quickly he took away the ketchup plate before we were even done with our fries.  He brought our bill before we were done with our burgers and before we had a chance to order a piece of pie to share.  It was shame that he ruined the whole experience and made me feel so rushed since I did like the food quite a bit.  I don't know if I want to ever go back.  *It's cash only.So many people waiting in a small space so they push you to leave as soon a possible.2 burgers, 1 fries and an Apple pie cost around 30 dollars. Crazy expensive for what you get.Burgers are ok, nothing special. The size are similar to In-n-out.Fries not good.You can get a better burger at In-n-out or Five Guys for half the price or less.Meh. Decent burger, decent fries, but nothing to write home about. I didn't get a chance to try the pie though, that might have changed my mind. It's also expensive for what you get - $7.60 for a burger that's not as good as what I can get at In-n-Out? The big con is that the seating is a total nightmare. It's a first come first served situation that seems to operate totally on the honor system since there's no hostess. I shouldn't have to fight masses of tourists and old people for a mediocre burger. Pass.eh. the nostalgic value is cool. you get to sit at a counter, have some guy of few words take your order with a bark, cash only. no milk shakes.  their burgers are just okay. like seriously. I get more exited about an in & out burger than here. And the pie-- while good -- sets you back 6.25 BEFORE tax.  I'd head another mile East down Pico to Marty's. 4 bucks for a burger, same old fashioned style, seating is a lot more convenient.BUT since this place kinda is "a thing" here in LA so I'd recommend going at least once so you know what it's all about & don't always wonder what you missed out on (really, nothing).Burgers are great. Very old school counter style seating. Cash only. Sauce on burgers is too sweet for me but my god, the banana pie is to die for. Apple pie is good but hands down best banana I've ever had and I don't even like banana desserts. Stop for pie, stay for a burger!Never been before and was essentially obligated to try it out. The venue is more authentically nostalgic than any other wannabe mid-century diner (Johnny Rockets et al). And it has an incredibly pungent smell of grease - likely decades worth - that you just have to get used to.My lady friend knew the drill here for seating, and I was also warned by fellow yelpers to ask for light lettuce and well done fries.Incredibly efficient service for one guy serving a dozen and a half parties. Come to think of it, the seating was like Noah's ark: everyone came in pairs.My accomplice also commented on the fact that the quality of the burger is dependent on who is manning the grill that evening. Some may be scared at the prospects of parity and inconsistency, but I am always relieved when food-quality is dependent on the cooking itself. It means it's the real deal and not pre-packaged (and Chipotle even counts in this regard; ever notice some Chipotle's are better than others?).The hickory burger came out exactly as it was foretold: small. The meat patty (I'd estimated net weight to be 3 oz) quality was a notch above fast food but nothing higher. The hickory sauce was over-powering to me - it eliminated all other savory flavors, from the pickles to the cheese to the mayo. The well-done fries came out splendidly, even if they were salt-less (no dice trying to pour table salt on these guys, it just wouldn't stick), and the iced tea was exceptional. They ran out of every pie except pecan. I wonder if you can order a burger with double patties?You'd think you wouldn't be able to have a private conversation because of the stool setup, but surprisingly you can. And I felt no rush in my meal from the onlooking horde waiting for a coveted spot. Perhaps I'm just impolite?Overall, I would recommend this place for a friend coming into town wanting to eat at historical landmarks (alongside Langer's and unfortunately Pinks). But The Apple Pan is not something that will conjure up blissful burger memories for me.I've heard of The Apple Pan through word of mouth and it was featured as one of the best burger places in Los Angeles.  My friend and I decided to try out the place.  It paints a different picture than our initial impression.The Apple Pan is a nostalgic spot.  I think of it as a Johnny Rockets without the booths.  It's cool looking and takes you to the past without needing to take your DeLorean to 88 MPH.The food was prepared fresh but is average, if that.  The burgers are about the size of a Habit burger (or smaller), and they just don't do anything for me.  The fries were, well fries.  Everything is served in paper products, even the drinks are given to you in a paper cone with a holder.  The pie is this place's savior.  The banana cream pie was great.  Simple, just enough sweetness, and fresh.Prices are a bit high for what you get.  CASH ONLY!!!  Paid close to $20 for a burger, fries, can of soda, and pie.  Service could be better.  When we got our food, the server slams it on the counter with authority!  It does take a bit to get their attention, but they are receptive when you do.Overall you're paying for the novelty of visiting a vintage burger place that has stood the test of time (so far).  They must be doing something right because they're doing well for what I've experienced.  I just don't see it.  Perhaps their cash only policy has a bit to do with it.  I would go to this place again only if I was in the area, very hungry, and there's no other options.Hands down the best burger I've ever had, EVER, and I loveee me some burgers.  I've been eating at the Apple Pan basically since birth (and my dad has been going for almost 50 years...SERIOUSLY).  It's not necessarily the meat that does it for me, but it's the amazing, mouth watering SAUCES that accompany the burgers.  I usually order the steak burger and am obsessed with the relish/ketchup type sauce it comes with.  Heavenly.  BUT, I am also a huge fan of the hickory burger (a smoked mayo/ketchup concoction).  You honestly can't go wrong ordering either.My tips--ask for light lettuce (they give you lots of lettuce on the burger!) and order either the steak or the hickory burger with the works.  I also like to ask for my fries a little over done. :)  AND obviously the apple pie is great, but for those who aren't apple pie peeps, get the banana creme pie...it's INCREDIBLE.Be prepared to wait, and respect who was there before you!  It's a first come, first serve type place and you have to eyeball who was before you and wait your turn!  Let me conclude by saying, if I could eat anywhere everyday of my life, this would be the place.ENJOY!OK... my neighbor brought me a Banana Pie... THE BEST IVE EVER HAD...I now buy Banana Pies from there as gifts...I've passed by this place countless times before coming here. I have had their Banana Cream pie though several times. My friend actually ordered a bunch of their pies for their dessert at their wedding last week. Either way, this was my first time actually coming here and sitting down. I was first taken aback by the diner style that is reminiscent of Johnny Rockets. I was expecting more of a sit down restaurant. Despite the Johnny Rockets style, this is a bit different. They offer 2 different types of burgers (Steakburger and Hickory Burger). Both of them are around $7 for single patty burgers. Let me just say that when you pay $7 for their burger, you're paying mostly for the location. The burger definitely isn't worth that much because it's probably the size of a Habit sized burger or a little bigger than in n out. The meat is good and the flavors aren't bad, but it definitely didn't rock my world. The fries were $2.50ish I think and were ok. They needed more salt so don't be afraid to reach for that shaker. The biggest redeeming factor is the banana cream pie. An awesome pie with a hell of a lot of bananas. Would I come back? I wouldn't be opposed if someone suggested, but I wouldn't put this on a "favorite burger" list. There's other burgers in LA that I prefer, but I understand that Apple Pan is an institution.Good burgers and fries.  I bet this place was a cutting edge burger joint when it opened up, but with Five guys, Smashburger, In and Out, etc.  Its hard to justify coming all the way over here to have a burger at Apple Pan.  Cash only and no soda refills makes it even harder to drive past the many burger joints to come here.  Oh and don't thing about coming here at lunch because the only seating is a horseshoe counter top just like an old diner.  IF you are in the area, have cash, and its not busy, I would stop in for a good burger.I came here on a Sunday because of a craving for burgers and pie... mostly created by reading the reviews! Annnnnnnnnnnd, it was exactly everything I expected! Great burgers and delicious pie!!I'm not really an expert in diners, so I can't really comment on the authenticity of the nostalgic atmosphere; however, I will say that I thought the little hats worn by everyone working there had a charming effect. Service was super SUPER fast and the burger was cooked perfectly! I am excited to try the banana cream pie next time I'm there! NOTE: They only take cash but there is a Wells Fargo (I think?) nearby...and since I hate ATM fees I walked about 2 blocks to the nearest Bank of America. :)An Good burger, with average fries for an average price. I cant give this place 4 stars since nothing stands out and I will say that the servers have pretty bad customer service.Oh and make sure to go in a group of AT MOST 3 or you will more likely than not be able to sit together.The first time I came here I thought it was really good. Yesterday I came back because I was craving it and I was pretty disappointed. Ordered two burgers and a fries. The fries came out pretty burnt. The burger didn't taste like anything special. I remembered it being so much better in the past. It reminded me a lot of an in-and-out burger that is 2x the price. The smoke yesterday was extremely bad. Probably won't be coming back here again.I've been coming here since I was 7 now I'm 22. The apple pan is legit! The prices are kinda expensive $7 bucks for a burger but its BOMB!Hands down...best burger in the city. There's nothing like the hickory burger. Salivating just thinking about it.Favorite burger in LA. It brings you back to the classic, simple, cafeteria style burger. It's refreshing considering the over dramatized burgers that are all the rave now. Burger. Fries. Coke. Banana cream pie. Golden. Not a place for groups. And be ready to fight for a seat- it's not a place for the weak willed: Counter seating onlySo I finally made it to the Apple Pan. After Living in LA for the better part of nine months, I woke up one morning and shuffled over to the mirror and looked at myself and said " yeesh, girl. What have you been doing with yourself? How can you say you live here? You are a fraud." And shortly after that harrowing moment decided it was time for a milestone in every Yelper's career- a trip to zeee Apple Pan.If you are reading this review you probably already know what's up The Apple Pan but in case you don't, here's the scoop: The Apple Pan is nostalgic burger and pie shack nestled in the heart of west LA; it's an eater 38 staple and a foodie favorite renowned for it's homey feel, hickory burgers and fresh banana cream pie. Apple Pan is a "come for the klout stay for the food" kinda joint.let's grab a nibble!Getting a seat at the Apple pan is notoriously nightmarish and my trip here was no exception. I came alone around 7:30 around on a Sunday night but the fight to get one seat at the counter was still difficult. There isn't really a line and people can get kind of mean about getting a seat. If you a trying to come here with your family of twelve (or even five) I would suggest considering another option because there will probably be tears and maybe even blood. I have pepper spray so I am one of the luckier ones. The service is quick and straight to the point. This is not a restaurant to lounge and take in the ambiance and the service here makes that pretty clear.And the food. The menu is super simple. Although I've been on the receiving end of many break ups with the line " you know, you are making things TOO complicated" I decided to go against what is apparently my typical behavior and hold true to Apple Pan's menu and keep my order simple- that being said, I got the much touted hickory burger and an order of fries. The fries were brought out before the burger ( weeee! An appteaser) and they were seriously mediocre. The portion was generous and could be easily split between two people but that did make up for the fact that they were pretty flavorless. Alls I'm going to say is I've had better fries at McDonalds. After a few minutes of nibbling and noshing the burger was brought out. Hello meaty treat!  Although I may get strangled in my sleep for saying this, I found the hickory burger to be largely reminiscent to the sloppy joes of my summer camp years ( which is actually great because I always returned from camp svelte and giggly). I found the meat to crumbly and fresh tasting but the sheer volume of sauce was overpowering and left the burger a huge mess.  My biggest regret was skipping out on the pie. Although I found the burger and fries to be pretty mediocre, I may need to make a trek back for that darn tootin pie. Including tip my meal was around twelve bucks. For the quality of the food I got, the price was high but the guys at The Apple Pan knows what's up. People are going to come regardless of the cost. Also, in case you haven't already read from the four zillion other reviews, it's cash only.If you're a foodie, want to see it all and have patience that rivals that of a seventh grade math teacher, Apple Pan deserves a spot on your list but if that doesn't sound like you I'd suggest a trip to in-n-out.Love this spot, only discovered it recently so have only been once.Ran and owned by some cool old guys, when u sit down, ur orders are taken within seconds and ur eating within minutes!Enjoyed my burger & fries, but the apple pie is where it's at haha! Reeeeeeeeally good!The only downside is we were waitin about 20 mins to get seated but that's just coz the place was packed coz it's gooood!Quite a small Resturant, these guys should expand, the custom is definitely there I've heard it's always packed.I interviewed a Los Angeles chef the other night and he said, "A lot of people think there's ... correlation between cost" and how you're treated at a restaurant. "Not how it is," he continued, and gave The Apple Pan as an example of a place that's not expensive but where they really take care of you. They anticipate what you need, and they're really nice to you, he said.I realized he's right -- this was my experience, as well.Also, I love their burgers!This place has been here since the 1940s! My Mom used to come here in the 70s when she was in high school and I've heard her talk about it a bunch of times. I finally tried The Apple Pan for the first time last night. It was convenient because I live in the area and my friend and I were hungry and looking for a quick, late night bite to eat. Well, boy was it quick! We were in and out of here in 25 mins. The service is definitely quick and efficient. We both ordered the Combination sandwich and shared the fries. The sandwich was ham and cheese and very tasty considering how simple it was. It was so big I could only finish half of it and took the other half to-go. I love how old school this place is and it's awesome that they have a fully functional antique cash register but annoying that the place is cash only. BUT- I'll definitely be back sometime to try the apple pie!Adding on to my last review. The chocolate cream pie is crazy good. Basically, my tip is do NOT forget the pie. You will be missing out so much. The burger is the ice cream sundae and the pie there is the cherry on top.Cute little joint. Walked in and sat down at the counter.I got the hickoryburger and fries for lunch.The burger was alright and the fries weren't anything special. Overall a not so memorable lunch.I prefer In-N-Out. Don't think I will be returning.Please know that I am only rating this place for their burger (I had the apple pie too and thought it was delicious)Do not TELL me this is the best burger in LA. It is average at BEST, comparable with In-N-Out in the way that it is more expensive and is lacking the special sauce. Not impressed.Might have been 3 stars at half the price, but when you pay $7 for a burger you expect more than what Apple Pan serves up. The worst part was the pie, though. Completely flavorless and $6. I was told this is an LA landmark. In my opinion, it's one worth skipping.Not sure what to expect for my first time visit...have driven by everyday for past 5 years and decided today's the day! Did not expect.....counter seating only and such high prices for being served on paper plates, cups, etc.  Had the egg salad sandwich, can of coke and fries...14 bucks! Noticed the burgers served in wrapper...but directly on counter...what's up with that??Don't think another visit is in store anytime within next 5 yrs. this place must b doing something being in business this long...I unfortunately...didn't experience it.Love it! Open late, which is great for after shows... and freeway close! Pies are really good, too!Day 2 of Burger Week - I feel like the people I know who LOVE this place have fond childhood memories that enhance their recollection of the food. In the days of fusion burgers & ketchup leather, Apple Pan is just a burger. And at place you have to deal with crowds, limited seating (forget a party of more than 4 sitting together), LA parking...all for a burger cooked hickory or standard, not sure it's all worth it. Granted its a LA staple. The feel is classic - counter seating, paper cups with water, simple menu, waiters who move onto the next guy if you pause in your order to think and an old school register is old school cool.  It's a fun place to take out-of-towners. That said the basic fact is my burger was loaded with lettuce and sauce (which we all had to remove) and the taste was very simple.  Now if you want to talk pie!  This place has the basic pie down!  Pie is where simple can win out!This is a decent burger, but nothing I'd write home about. I have been on a quest to find LA's Best burgers. Burgers plural, because there isn't one perfect burger for all occasions. Now I'm comparing Apple Pan's Hickory burger to Slatter's 50/50, Prohibition burger, The Fix, Umami, Father's Office, Counter Burger and Pono burger to name a few, so it already has stiff competition. The place is quaint, with bar stools and you have to eat at the counter. Plus it's cash only, so don't forget cash before you go. The soft drinks are served in snowcone cones and the fries are decent but are definitely not worth $2.60. The burger itself comes with way to much ketchup and lettuce. I had to remove half just so I could taste the hickory flavor. Overall I'd give the burger a 6 out of 10. The quality doesn't justify the price. 2 burgers with cheese, 2 fries, 2 cans of soda and 1 slice of pie cost $40 with tip. That's ridiculous.I have found at least 20 new burger joints that I want to try before I ever go back here for a second trip.Great atmosphere. Feels like walking into the past. Burgers are ok. Nothing spectacular. Fries well done are the way to go. Cheap, quick and pretty good. Can't go wrong. CASH ONLY!I've been to this place twice now and service is quick.  It's a no nonsense place.  You might have to wait a bit because they do get busy.  It's old fashioned burgers and fries, served by old fashioned help.  Steak burgers are about $8 and one order of fries is large enough to share.  This is a cute place if you've never been but it's not a huge place.  If you don't like relish or pickles on your burger, speak up and get them to make it without bc they put a lot on your burger.3.5, but I'll round up to 4 because it's an LA institution.Definitely a solid burger, but LA's best? I don't think so.We came in late on a Sunday (needed to get rid of a slight buzz), and I just ordered a steakburger, while my friends got a slice of pecan pie. The burger was definitely good - soft bun, juicy patty, good relish-based sauce, crisp lettuce, served up in a paper wrapper just like in the olden days. I'm going to ruffle some feathers here, but to me it was just like a better quality, less salty version of In N Out. It was tasty and hit the spot, but didn't blow me out of the water.Based on all I've heard about the Apple Pan, I wasn't exactly on a mission to try it. But last night, the stars aligned - it was a non-crowded Sunday night, I was in the area, and I actually had cash in my wallet. As others mention, this place isn't known for its service - their aim is to get you in and out, and they are good at it. But if you want a warm and hospitable experience where they DON'T slam your food down on the counter, go to another restaurant.All in all, if it was a late night and they had a lot of open seats, and I had cash on me, and I was walking down Pico, I'd definitely eat this again. But I wouldn't make it a mission to go get cash and then fight crowds for lunch or dinner.The Apple Pan is an L.A. staple and with good reason, but the burgers/fries you get there won't blow your mind. Pretty standard stuff. Their pies are great though if you're into that kinda thing.I've been coming here since I was about 4 years old.  And my mom's been coming here since SHE was 4 years old.  This place is truly a Los Angeles classic, and if you haven't been here yet, you have made some seriously bad choices in your life.Every burger and sandwich on the menu is amazing, however I've been in a rut here for the last 20 years.  I get the same thing every time; a hickory burger, fries, and a Dr. Pepper, with a  slice of apple pie and a scoop of ice cream for dessert. Just had this tonight, and even though I'm stuffed to the gills my mouth still waters when I type it out!One of the greatest things about this place is that it never changes.  It is still exactly the same as it was when I was a kid.  Heck it's exactly the same as it was when my MOM was a kid.  To stay in business THAT long without changing a thing, they must have something pretty special, and they do.To the haters out there posting about "my fries were overdone" or "the parking sucks", please, clear a seat at the counter for one of us die-hards waiting against the wall and head down the street to McDonald's.  You've got no business at this LA classic.  If you think the service is bad, guess what?  Your attitude is probably the problem.  The guys here give what they get, and I've never had anything other than a smile and AMAZING service... If you're here to nitpick the food and compare it to your local yuppie burger joint, then again, you are in the wrong place.  You don't compare a Model T to a Lexus... sure the Lexus has more features, but we all know which one wins on class...Come here for the history.  Come here for the good times.  Come here for the great service and bad-for-you food!  You won't be disappointed if you're looking for a little slice of history...I love places with history. You close your eyes and suddenly you are transported to the 1950s. The u shaped counter, the original cash registers, the waiters and cooks in white aprons and white hats, and the simple menu give it so much nostalgia. We happened to be driving down Pico Blvd. and my husband and friend were in need of a midnight snack.  It was 12:30 am, and lo and behold- The Apple Pan closes at 1:00! Jackpot!! I wasn't too hungry so my sister and I shared a slice of apple pie a la mode.  And it was just OK.  I think it was $7 and seemed a bit overpriced when I can get a whole pie for that much.  My husband and our friend both ordered burgers and fries.  The waiter came by and poured a heeping mound of ketchup on a paper plate for their dipping pleasure. The burger was very simple.  Nothing fancy.  Just a simple burger.  It certainly satisfied their tummies.  The fries were piping hot out of the fryer. My husband's cream soda was poured into a cone shaped paper cup (think old school snow cone) and a metal cone with a stand to place it in.  Since we came thirty minutes to closing, 4 seats were easy to find and people were still coming in and out while we were there.  I must say, however, that it was the fastest counter service I have ever encountered.  Once the burgers were placed in front of the boys, they inhaled it.  I am pretty sure we were back at the car by 12:45!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 71/100*Time-warp! Or at least I felt like I was in Colorado for the duration of my meal.HICKORY BURGER, PLEASE. I came to Apple Pan with two of my girlfriends and all ordered the hickory burger, shared an order of fries and the banana cream pie.I asked what the difference was between the steak burger and hickory burger, which was basically the steak sauce and the hickory sauce they used. The size of the burger was "average", but to be truthful I was still hungry after. I'm guessing it's b/c I shared the fries and didn't order my own. The banana cream pie + ice-cream was perfect (since we shared it)Like all other reviews.. Remember your CASH. They use their old-school register thang. Pretty cool and historic looking.. Lol, we all thought it was a prop and went with the theme, but apparently they still use it.Swing by this spot when you get the chance! One of the best OG burgers I've had.It's a simple burger, but it's jam packed with nostalgia and feel good vibes.The Hickory features a special hickory sauce, while the Steak Burger comes with their trademark hamburger relish.  The burgers are pretty straight forward, no frills and no thrills; just solid.  That being said, it's a tad over priced for what you get but it's a small premium to be able to lose yourself back in time.Great service, love the giant horseshoe counter and bonus points for being open fairly late.I really really wanted to like The Apple Pan. I had heard so many good things about it. And when I walked in there were so many things that had me almost hooked. The 'U' shaped bar is neat and I love the plaid wallpaper. Oh man, if I could get that wallpaper in my apartment I'd be a happy girl. The wooden cash register is awesome! That must take some skills to operate. The server was really friendly and the food came out so quickly.However, I was not impressed. The burger came out well done when I had asked for it medium rare. I felt like for what it cost the burger was really small and mostly lettuce. The pie did not seem fresh at all. I feel like I could get better food at In and Out. I'm feeling very let down by The Apple Pan...Classic steak burger with cheese was fairly juicy. It comes with an oozing dollop of relish, which i had them not include ( if the burger tastes good, I don't want to blanket the burger's flavor with that).  It had too many pickles and it had lettuce and mayo. To me, this burger was not any better than any thick burger at a fast food joint.  Small portion of fries that tasted fine and had good texture. Banana pie's good but i think too heavy on bananas. The pecan pie was as good as I've had--toasted pecans and not at all overly sweet and a great crust.  Unfortunately, too little, too late. Glad i tried it but definitely won't be back.  Plenty of much better burger joints around.This is just a Johnny Rockets with a dessert menu. The service is good and fast, the pie is OK, the burgers are much smaller than Johnny Rockets (I had to order two and I was not close to full). I like the premise but it was a slightly disappointed here.Rated 3 for fast service and tasty Hickory burger. Lack of ambiance, size of food and medocrity of dessert recipe bumped it all down for me.I used to go to this place often and liked that this place was a landmark. The food was never great but it was ok for a late night meal and the landmark aspect of it was appealing. However, I feel that the rudeness of the staff outweighs the food. Who likes to be waited on by a grumpy mean person who yells and tosses utensils on the counter towards customers? It was amusing for a while, but I feel that the level of service is just disrespectful to hardworking people spending their hard earned money at an establishment. Scroll down and search for the keyword "rude." Also Google search "Apple Pan rude." You will see exactly why we stopped going there. We once called the owner to share our experience. The person we spoke to did not even care and defended the rude service.I haven't been back since and will continue to share this experience with anyone who asks. At least show your customers some courtesy and that you appreciate their business.I probably would not put this on any list of the best burgers in LA.  It's just OK.  But the rest of the experience is enough for me to say that I likely won't be back to The Apple Pan.The parking lot behind the place apparently closes at 6.  There are no signs outside about this but I guess there is one somewhere near the front door of the restaurant.  Which isn't that helpful.  I found the service not particularly friendly.  When I asked for a box to take leftover food home I was met with a quizzical stare.  And they just flat out wouldn't give me two boxes...  it was really odd.  I mean, I'll pay for it, OK?  So yeah, it's not my kind of place (the counter seating, the cash only, the no utensils, the burger wrapped and served in paper - no plate).  All that being said, the burger is still good enough to warrant 3 stars.   Fries are mostly tasteless though.  But that hickory burger is not bad.  I think if I ever find myself craving one however, I will certainly get it "to go".Honestly, the food here (for me) is 2-star status. I tacked on the extra star because the service was very fast, polite, and friendly.We came around 4:30 on a Friday afternoon, and there were a fair amount of empty seats around the counter so we were seated immediately. Within less than five minutes, our fries and drinks materialized. And within less than 10 minutes, we all had our burgers! I'm sure that this breakneck pace is pretty standard for them when it gets busy, and they do a great job. Unfortunately, the hype to me seems undeserved. The ratio of hamburger patty to fixin's was very uneven--the lettuce, for example, was twice the size of the burger patty. The amount of sauce was gratuitous, and I could barely taste the beef. When I could, the flavor was on par with an In-n-Out burger--but cost $5 more. The fries are standard and nothing to write home about--while well-fried and crispy, I didn't think they were significantly better than the Ore-Ida fries you can buy frozen at a grocery store. And the pies... after reading rave reviews about the banana cream pie and the (namesake?) apple pie, I was excited. I bake a lot of pies at home and was looking forward to these traditional recipes, handed down from one generation to the next. But what I tasted in both was standard, and nothing that would elevate them a cut above the rest. Don't get me wrong--the pies are solid and taste good. But they're not GREAT. I am disappoint. :(With tax and tip, the total came out to ~ $20 for each of us--and I didn't think it was worth it, to be honest. So I'll admit it, I don't get the hype or the mad love for this restaurant. But I do respect that they've continued to do things their way for so many years and succeeded at doing so; I mean, if so many other people love this restaurant and their food, they must be doing something right! Unfortunately, it's just not for me. VERY limited parking behind the restaurant, ~12 spots at most. Metered parking can be found along Pico and the first block on Overland. Be careful as parking laws are strict out here--you can't park in the neighborhood without a permit past 6pm, and parking on Pico is illegal during rush hours in morning and afternoon.It was my first time eating here, well I only ordered and took away. It is one of those places that you don't see much of any more. Nothing is high tech. Even the cash registers sooooo old but thats what makes this place so fun. The burger was good kinda what you would make at home on the BBQ.The taste was great.I've been waiting to try this place out for a year, and finally went there for lunch today.I'm glad we read up on it on yelp first, because the lack of organization to how you're seated would have been confusing otherwise.Once we grabbed a spot at the counter, our order was taken, and we were eating a fresh plate of fries within seconds. The food was great. The Mesquite burger was very good, and kept getting better with every bite. It wasn't the number one best burger I've ever had, but it was up there. The mesquite sauce really made it, and you could taste the freshness in everything. You have to get the banana cream pie if you go. It's delicious, and the slice is big enough I recommend splitting it with someone.My only complaint is that dining there, you will feel rushed. For example, our server was so eager to keep the counter cleaned up that we had our plate of ketchup taken away before we were done eating our fries.Overall, though, this place lived up to the hype.Only few words about this place GET THE PECAN PIE it is to die for.It's kind of a small spot, so definitely get there earlier so you can grab a seat. I tried their steak burger and a side of fries. The burger was delicious, it just melted in my mouth. You can also tell they make their own relish, so tasty!!! The fries were perfectly cooked. Crispy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. They're pretty fairly priced too! Can't wait to go back and try those delicious looking pies!!!Went late Sunday evening and nabbed the last two seats at the counter..so ie, there can be a wait. Service is very speedy, we were out in 30 mins.Awesome Hickory burger. Totally simple, but really tasty. I would pass on the Steak burger though, the relish doesn't do anything. Also, the banana cream pie wasn't a huge stand-out. It's mostly an entire banana thinly sliced w whipped cream on top. Would definitely recommend coming here :)I never understood the hype about this place. I thought the burger to be mediocre on it's best day. Maybe it's just the notoriety of the historic Apple Pan name.I had my first Apple Pan steak burger in 1952. However, my favorite is the hickory burger. Nothing else anyplace else is nearly as good, period.Given its long history and the hype that surrounds it, the apple pan falls very short. This place has a vintage charm to it, with only a counter inside. However, the burger falls flat.Let's break it down:- The patties are slightly overcooked and dry- They slice off a hunk of lettuce and throw it in, and most bites are more lettuce-y then burger- Bun was standard- Fries were run of the mill, a little undersalted- Tried the banana pie given the reviews... simply ordinary pie with banana slices rammed inside and not distributed throughout the pie. We left with an empty feeling... hungry for a burger with strength. When it comes to LA burgers, go up the street to Five Guys or Umami instead.It was late but not that late. Late enough that the bars were still open, but still there were seats available. Men sat at the bar who looked as if they just got off a shift and looked as though they had possibly been coming here since the grand opening.I had heard a lot about the Apple Pan.  Mr. Gold, sure, but friends as well.$8 gets you a sub-par Steak and Shake burger doused in the house hickory sauce, a ketchup with a bit of smoke to it.  Fries are the sort that come out of a bag.  And don't bother asking for tomato, what a ridiculous request that would be.  I'll admit that the shack itself is charming, but the product is another example of an overhyped when you're in LA you have to get this meal.I have been coming here since I was a kid, and it seems that at least one of the same guys is still working there.  The Hickory Burger is just as superb as it always was, and the whole secret is timing it as best as you can to avoid the wait.  The place is still the best.  Remember that they don't take credit cards.The woman sitting next to me was flabbergasted with the man taking her order informed her that he had been working at the Apple Pan for 33 years! It took her a moment to get it together and then she asked him to get her whatever was good. Not a rookie move at all. Turns her blind order was the same as mine. Hickory burger and a slice of Banana cream pie. Hickory burger comes served wrapped in wax paper, and is placed in front of you. Your soda is from a can and placed next to a small metal goblet that holds a cone shaped paper cup full of ice. You know, the kind of cone shaped cup that you might have found 20 years ago at the water cooler? Yeah, that one. Haven't seen one of those in a long time, they must have bought them all up before they went out of style. The burger is well done, slab of cheese, thick serving of crisp fresh lettuce, onions, and a dollop of the hickory sauce. The sauce I didn't really understand. A little tangy, but nothing to write home about. The banana pie came on a small plate. Thick sweet cream top, thin custard layer, sliced banana, another layer of custard, and crust. Seems really simple and I certainly thought so at the time. About 5 minutes after I left I was craving it. It's delicious, has a homemade look to it, and during my 30 minutes in there I must have seen a half dozen people walk in and order slices or entire pies to go. This is the thing to get.I'd skip the burger next time and just drop in for a slice of the banana cream, totally worth the drive.The hickory burger is, as my BF calls it, a tasty smorsel. The patty was nice and juicy and the hickory sauce was not too sweet or tangy. I like how they put a decent sized piece of lettuce so that you can really taste it. The service was fast and the servers were friendly. You can see the cooks making the burgers and fries from the counter. The apple pie was decent but I thought it was overpriced... $6+ for apple pie a la mode. Just stick to the burgers and fries.The restaurant layout is one long counter with self seating. Don't be a bish like these two girls who wouldn't move down a seat so that my BF and I could find a seat at the counter.I heard pretty good things about Apple Pan... so I had my expectations, and unfortunately, the only thing that lived up to my expectations was the cute old-school cafe set up. Firstly, our waiter hardly spoke a single word to us. I thought for one moment that he was mute... but no, he's just a man of very little words. I guess you could think he's efficient. Least amount of effort in talking and still serving us.... ha.Now the food -- it's mediocre. I have no idea how this place is getting any raves! The burgers are maybe HALF a step up from fast food quality food. We tried the apple pie thinking it HAS GOT to be better than the burgers.... it's APPLE PAN for goodness sakes. NOPE. Wrong again. The filling was okay, the crust on top was floppy and stale (not buttery, crisp, or crunchy), the bottom of the crust seemed almost soggy and mushy. This experience left me so underwhelmed that I wanted to eat something else because I was so disappointed! So I went and grabbed a bag of hot cheetos. Yeah... that's how bad it was.I like it I'm about to give between 4 & 5 stars even if it was the best burger ever but I really like it I wish if I was nearby so I could go there anytime I want...My second visit was good tooThe Apple Pan is an institution!  It is classic LA...unchanged after decades and serves up one of the best burgers I have tasted anywhere, ever.  All seats are bar style, around a U-shaped counter with the "kitchen" (grill) in the center.  You wait your turn to take a seat, and there is limited seating (about 30 or fewer seats in the entire place).Apple Pan is a 5 star experience - but know in advance it is very simple...a short menu that delivers the best of the very few things it offers.  It is ideal for an amazing lunch complete with awesome burger and decadent pie.  The menu is severely limited (two kinds of burgers, a couple sandwiches, awesome french fries, and great pies).  These items are their specialty and they deliver on them to perfection.  You owe it to yourself to try the Hickoryburger...it is AWESOME!  The burgers are served on fresh buns, with mayo, a unique hickory flavor, tons of pickles and sauce, and a perfectly fresh, crisp, thick stack of lettuce.  The fries are crispy and hot, and the service is great (as in, efficient and anticipating your every need).  Outstanding burgers...worthy of 5 Stars!  Highly recommend!You're pretty much paying for the historic value!The burger was mediocre, small and overpriced. The service from the owner had a, "Hurry up order and get out of my restaurant" attitude. (As he slams my friend's steakburger with authority on the counter)We left to Plan Check to satisfy our burger crave.I never knew such a simple burger could taste so good. A friend introduced me to this place when I was visiting. When I walked in it had an old school feeling. There's not a lot of seating and it's first come first serve so grab a seat where/when you can. Or you can be like me and stand behind someone until they feel uncomfortable and they leave. :)  I tried both the steak burger and hickory burger. I prefer the steak burger more because in my opinion it was more savory where the hickory as a slight sweetness to it. I do recommend getting their banana cream pie! That was legit! Probably one of the best banana cream pies I ever had. Will definitely try to swing by again if I'm in the area.Ah, the Apple Pan. Such a classic staple of the West Los Angeles area. I remember when I was younger, there would be crowds waiting outside the door at peak hours, hoping to make their way to the (extremely limited) counter seating. And the smell. It always smells so good when I drive by!Personally, I am a sucker for Apple Pan's hickory burger. The smoky flavor adds an extra edge to the burger that is great. Sure, the food's a little pricey compared to In n Out, and the space is a little cramped, but I love the old-fashioned feel the place has. Add a cream soda, a side of fries, and a slice of apple, and you have yourself a meal!I don't know if Apple Pan quite lives up to all of the national hype, but it's certainly a solid establishment that has been around for a respectable number of decades and makes burgers that are perfect for winding down after a long day.Great old vibe and great quality great burgerWonderful burgers.  Quaint, in the shadow of the mall across the street stands this little one story building.  Waiters are seasoned as much as the grill where the burgers are cooked, which is to say both have been there for long time.  Really fresh, great tasting food.  Highly recommended.CASH ONLY!Just making a point of that because who carries cash anymore?  Luckily there's an ATM across the street if you forget.  This is a diner with an old school feel, exemplified by the fact that they are still cash only.I've always wanted to try the Apple Pan because supposedly the Peach Pit was modeled after it (who doesn't love some 9-0?) but just never got around to it until last week, when we decided to grab a bite there after watching a movie at the Landmark.  Be forewarned, 9-0 fans, that it doesn't look anything like the Peach Pit. The Apple Pan is a lot smaller, and you can only sit at the counter (which wraps around the kitchen in a U shape).I do have to preface this by saying that I don't eat burgers, so I can't attest if this place has the "best burgers in LA" like Nat claimed on 9-0.  I opted for the Tuna Sandwich which was very good, but had about a pound of iceburg lettuce which made it difficult to eat.  While very good, there was nothing very special about it that would make me come back for it. I think that next time, I'll get the grilled cheese like I do at In N Out.Like In N Out, the menu is limited.. don't come here expecting a lot of options.We split a side of fries that were okay; I prefer mine a little more well done. They are somewhere in the middle of shoestring and steak fries.The apple pie with ice cream was delicious, but again, nothing special (apple pie with ice cream is hard to make wrong).  Service is fast, almost too fast (they basically threw our food at us) but this is a good place to stop for a quick bite if you are in the area and craving a basic burger.  However, I'm not exactly sure if it'd be worth the wait if there was one.To say that I'm disappointed with The Apple Pan would be a gross understatement. I like the cafe set up of this place, but the server was less than friendly and spoke barely 3 words to us. The food flew out of the kitchen surprisingly quickly, which was good, but the burger was completely unimpressive. Mine had more lettuce on it than meat, and the "special sauce" advertised on the menu was little more than ketchup. I had their apple pie for dessert. Considering that this pie is their namesake, I had high hopes, but it was similarly unimpressive. The crust was floppy and soft, and the flavor of the filling was just OK. I'm embarrassed that I paid $20 for the meal, and I wouldn't return.I gave this place 2 stars because I like simple old places that have been around for along time.  The menu is simple, very few things, I like that, if something works stick with that, not every needs a Cheescake factory sized menu.  Now lets get down to what counts the food! I ordered the steak burger and my girlfriend ordered the hickory burger, and we split a order of fries.  The steak burger was decent but flooded in relish and the bun just fell apart.  The flavor was average.  The hickory burger was tastier but still not that impressed.  The fries were average.For many years I had heard about this place and was excited to go, I even saw the host of some burger show say that this place was his insperation, but let me give you one fat boys opinion- its overated!!!  I have had many varieties of  burgers all over the US and for all the hype of this place I was dissapointed!  Seriously over $7 for a cheeseburger...  it was like a throwback diner but with 2018 prices!  I would have gave it 3 stars but I couldnt get over the price!  I have had a lot of regular diner burgers that were just decent hambugers and I was fine with them because the price was never too much, but over $7 for just the hamburger because its LA, ridiculous!Have driven by here forever and finally decided to stop.  Definitely felt like I was stepping back in time.  Not the friendliest of staff - very abrupt, but they are definitely fast.  Not a great place for someone who doesn't eat meat.  Tuna sandwich was good, but not worth the $8 they charge for it.   The French fries were amazing.....  My husband wasn't a fan of his burger - citing it not being worth the price, says Howard's makes a better burger and charges $2.00 less.  Didn't have any pie and don't think we'll be back.Honestly, I'm kinda disappointed. Saw this place on a Travel Channel Best Burger LA special, read tons of good reviews and was really excited to try this place.  Maybe it was all the hype, high expectations, but my burger was pretty average. The fries were bland and the apple pie was ehh.  I have to say, In N Out is a better, cheaper burger with better fries. It's basically a free for all when you're there. You order and the food comes pretty quick. The guy doesn't really talk to you much just to get your order.  It felt like Asian food service, they get you in and out fairly quickly.This is where you should go for a classic diner feel in the west side. Just like a throwback to the days of old this place serves soft drinks in a paper cup, burgers made just for you wrapped in paper and the BEST banana pie you can get. Limited seating but it's not usually a problem unless your in a lunch rush. Cheap, delicious and just right!If pure good food and a calm hometown diner atmosphere has you hungry. Apple Pan is where it's at, an old Hollywood star favourite, go there before a movie.. Or just to experience good old fashioned diners the way they used to be.Hickory Burger is great, fries are piping hot & crispy, but the REAL reason i come here is for the BANANA CREAM PIE!!!!!!!The servers do make you feel kinda rushed, but in return, the service is very fast and you get your food quick. All worth it for that amazing pie. yummmm.This place was a major disappointment for me. I had high expectations for The Apple Pan. This place is a 50's style diner filled with the widest variety of clientele this side of the Colorado river. I dined here on a Sunday around noon. There was no wait. My two roommates and I were seated immediately at the restaurant's bar-style counter. The guy behind the counter "waiting" on people came over and just said, "Yes."Not really sure what to do, we asked for three waters and then looked at the menu. The menu is about as extensive as a kindergarten teacher's lesson plan. A couple burgers; a couple sandwiches, and PIE. I ordered the Hickory Burger and fries. The burger was EXTREMELY underwhelming, but the fries were great. It was a plane old burger. I don't get what the hype is about? - the fries were something special, though. Throughout the whole meal, I had a window seat staring right into the area where they make the pie. OBVIOUSLY I had to have a piece. I had a piece of pecan with a scoop of ice cream. I had to. I had to. The pie was delicious. Hot, crunchy, and the perfect amount of pecans. We then got the bill. 60 bucks for three people. Not including the tip. It rounded out to $23 per person. I feel that's a little steep for a sub-par burger, fries, and a piece of pie. Of course this place is living in a time machine and only accepts cash. So, I hightailed it over to the conveniently placed Wells Fargo across the street and pulled money out of my savings account to cover the ridiculous bill. That was student loan money. Thanks, Apple Pan. The Apple Pan was simply a disappointment. I will probably never go back. The food was decent, the atmosphere was cool, and the service was funny. This place was just way too hyped and way too expensive. I can get the same meal at In - N - Out for half the price. PROS:-Atmosphere-Quick seating-Parking-Old-fashioned-PIE!CONS: -Burger was weak-EXPENSIVE-CASH ONLYTry this place one time - that's all it will be. Best, SeanI was first introduced to The Apple Pan almost 8 yrs ago by my former employee, he took us to have lunch there and since that day It has been one of my favorite places to enjoy a burguer. They staff may seems rude at first but once you are a regular you won't even notice, some times it get crowded like 45 mins wait, but trust me kids, it's worth the wait. I used to work less than half a mile from there and I made sure to visit Apple Pan at least once a week, I even became friends with Roberto one of the employees...Definitely you must visit this place if you want to taste one of the best Hickory Burgers in LA... if you still have room, have a slice of Apple or Pecan Pie, it's to die for!Enjoy!Banana Cream Pie.Fresh and delicious.Get it.My cousin introduced me to their banana cream pies. Last I checked, they make the pies on-site. And now it's a must for every LA trip. Often saddened if it's a Monday when they're closed.5/5 food - make SURE to order the banana cream pie, so good; fries good too5/5 service - prompt5/5 cleanliness - so clean, even the bathroomssmall parking lot out back, metered street parking, think there's a lot across the street (Pico)(yes, vegetarian friendly)CASH ONLY.I really just didn't like the burger--the relish killed it. No shakes (my fave part of a burger/fry sitch), and I thought it was bloody expensive. Parking is a bitch, and I KNEW that greasy-spoon smell infiltrated every fiber of my clothes during our 20-minute stay.Fries are kick-ass, though!Walked here on my lunch break to try #101 on Jonathan Gold's list of best restaurants. Here's the lowdown:Hickory Burger: I am not a burger fan but I'm really glad I ended up ordering this. I liked it quite a bit! The hickory sauce is smokey and delicious, and it pairs well with the mayo to create a little bit of a fry-sauce flavor. The cheese was sharp and gooey. Standard burger bun.Combination Sandwich: Seriously, I could have made a way better ham and cheese sandwich for a third of the price. Nothing was special here: not the ham, not the bread, nada. Waste of my money. Took a bite and threw the rest away.Banana Cream Pie: I'm a tough critic here since my mama's won awards for this pie. It was good but I could have used a little more crust and a more vanilla in the custard.But it definitely has a good homemade quality to it, and the whipped cream is light and doesn't overwhelm the flavor of the pie. This would be a great pie to stick in a pie shake.Cash only, but there's a Wells Fargo ATM next door.To be honest, I thought Apple Pan was somewhat overhyped and overpriced. The burgers were good, no doubt about that. I got the hickory burger with fries and both were ace. However, the hickory burger seemed to be not much more than an In n Out burger with hickory sauce - and In N Out is a lot cheaper than an Apple Pan hickory burger. The fries were really good though! I also got a slice of apple pie but it seems like I should've tried the banana cream pie instead!The place is an old school diner, with only 24 seats in a horseshoe shape around the open kitchen. They even have and use two old fashioned cash registers. You seat yourself, but don't cut in front of people who have been waiting longer than you - that's not cool! The service was friendly and speedy, so all in all, thumbs up for Apple Pan.This is not a good burger place. Hickory burger had too much sauce, which is literally ketchup. I recommend going to another place.The place Johnny Rocket's wishes it were.I don't know whether I'm just over it or what, but I've been coming here since the 70s (that's about half the time this restaurant has been around... *shudder*) and my experience today was a real letdown.First of all, I remember when the burgers passed the $5 mark and I thought, for this fast food?  What are they thinking?  They stayed around the $5-$6 area for at least ten years, I believe.  Maybe closer to twenty.But now they're $7.10 ($7.75 with tax!)... that's just crazy.  Special, carefully made, delicious versions of comfort food used to be a rarity, but it has grown up all around you!  You can get incredible burger experiences for $6-$10 that come with perfectly seasoned, fresh-cut fries and a more comfortable seat.  I'm not complaining about the seating; it's how it's always been and it's great for what it is, but you really need to know your place on the off-the-chain off-chain food chain.Your fries, last I checked, have been made from frozen precut since the early '90s.  Maybe they've gone back to potato (lord knows they can afford to) but I doubt it.And the burger, while still tasty thanks to the traditional "hamburger relish", pickle, and sweet bun combination, was too charred.  I guess it was just bad luck.  But I don't remember ever getting a charred patty in all the years I used to go.I'll be back sometime.  I still care about you.  But the magic was sorely lacking.Yum yum yum! Before you go keep in mind: Very few spots at the counter only seating and cash only. The burger and fries are fantastic and the soda pop comes with cute paper cones in a silver metal holder. I'm sure there's a name for it, but I just thought it was an adorably vintage way to drink my cream soda.  We were too full to try the pie, but I will absolutely be trying the namesake menu item the next time I'm in town!The bad: parking can be a bit of a pain if you come at the wrong time. They're closed on Mondays (somehow I've been foiled by this on many occasions..). Again, visiting at the wrong time... you'll find yourself waiting for a seat (delaying the deliciousness that you so desperately crave), hoping that everyone is honest and the first-come rule is followed by all. But like all good things, Apple Pan is worth the wait.The good: The burgers, sandwiches, fries, and pies! Oh wait, that's everything on the menu! Years and years ago, when I was just a naive freshman at ucla, I was waiting at the mall to get picked up. I was enjoying some McDonald's fries, when an older gentleman said my fries were trash and said that if I wanted really good food, then next time I'd go across the street to the Apple Pan (this was before the days of yelp, hmmm, I think I've really just dated myself). So I made the effort to go back to the Apple Pan. What a wonderful, life altering decision! The U-shaped counter, old-timey cash register, and old men hustling and bustling around add to the charm. The hickory burger is my favorite and I love the fat fries. No one I've taken here has been disappointed. Lastly, don't forget dessert! There's always room for homemade pie. Apple pie with ice cream?! Yes please! But the pie that changed my life is the boysenberry cream. Don't get me wrong, the banana cream, chocolate, strawberry, etc. are all good and I've ordered many pies to go (for parties and such...no, not just for my own greedy obsession)....but I'll never forget that heavenly boysenberry cream pie.Whoever said this place is "good for vegetarians" is whack. All they serve is burgers. That said, the coffee is great. But don't go expecting food, if you're veggie, cause it's not here.I am no longer an Apple Pan virgin as of today, Friday, 2:45pm and very excited about that.I always feel like I should rate the place for what it is-- and Apple Pan being a simple, old school burger diner with classic desserts (pie) is as good as it gets for this category.Quite different from the pricier, inventive gourmet burger gastropubs and restaurants (ie: umami, stout, etc), their Hickory Burger is flavorful, juicy, and delicious on its own without having all the fancy extras like avocado, bacon, bleu cheese...The fries are perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, not too skinny, not too fat and were so good I almost finished the entire plate of them.  Couldn't stop dipping them in my ketchup..and mustard, which i mix together in a 80/20 ratio.  I swear it's tasty!Granted it was an off time past the lunch rush and a few hours before dinner, service was exceptional.  The waiter did everything for me but wipe the ketchup off of my mouth. Seriously. I took one bite of my burger and barely began to reach for a napkin when I was presented with a handful of them by the waiter.  The ketchup for the fries was poured on a paper plate for me.  I had just taken the last sip of my iced coffee and it was already whisked away to be refilled.  When the ketchup was running out from me dipping my fries in it so much, again, it was poured.  I was going to ask for a lid to put on my iced coffee cup and surprise, surprise, the waiter read my mind and said would you like a lid? He then put the lid on for me...i mean...I was extremely pleased.  A man who anticipates what you need before you need it. So great ha!Don't forget to take a slice of banana cream pie to go.  It's the best I've ever had, chock full of banana coins layered on top of one another, a sweet (but not overly sweet) banana cream, and the whipped cream on top is, dare i say...DIVINE.  Love you, Apple Pan.I went to pan apple to buy a burger because I saw on the food network it was supposedly this "yummi" burger- boy was I in for a surprise! As I walked in to the place the old man at the counter wasnt in the mood for to much talking, which was a sign for a disaster. I ordered me a steak burger "well" and my girlfriend a hickory burger "medium" when I got home my burger was "medium rare" and my girlfriend's burger was "medium well"What the Heck!- the cooks look like they don't care, the frys were very bland and the food is way to OVERPRICED!  In N out is way better, save yourself the trip, pan apple SUCKS.I give this place 4 stars not because the food is necessarily the best, but because they have the best device I have ever seen in my life.  I have dined at Michelin Star restaurants and not even they can compare the the type of service you will get at The Applepan.  I had to go twice to make sure that it wasn't just an especially good day.  My server was able to anticipate everything.  He sees I'm about to run out of ketchup and he immediately fills it back up, sees I'm running low on ice and immediately comes by with a fresh glass full of it.  He even recognized that I was getting hot (it was 100 degrees that day) and got me a water without me having to ask.  Applepan is a great experience with good food that I highly suggest. One final note, get the hickory burger.I've heard much hype over apple pan in the last few years so I had to try it out. My experience was not a pleasant one. The food is way over priced. I looked at a menu online with some reasonably priced food items. But when I arrived my bill was twice the amount I expected. 42 dollars for 3 burgers with cheese, 2 fries, 2 drinks and a slice of apple pie. This was quite upsetting because I had calculated 25 dollars total from the online menu. To make matters worse the food is not that good. The burger is way too small especially since your paying 7 dollars. The fries were soggy and unpleasant and the apple pie tasted store bought. I will not be returning to apple pan.Still one of the best burger joints around, in my opinion. I usually get the steak burger with fries and finish it off with a slice of banana creme pie. I decided to change it up a bit this time, I got a double steak burger with hickory sauce and added onions. It was amazing. Try it! I changed up my pie selection, which I do from time to time, and got the boysenberry creme pie. It was outstanding!!! I usually go to Jorge's side, on the right when you walk in, because he always takes care of me. He's my tocayo (namesake) so we get along. LolThe Apple Pan deserves 5 stars for what it is--a lunch (and dinner and late-night) counter that serves amazing burgers and steaming pie.  The menu is very limited, but how can you have an issue with somewhere having a specialty and then executing it perfectly?!  The burgers served on fresh buns, with mayo, tons of pickles and sauce, and a thick stack of lettuce.  The fries are crispy and hot, and the service is great (as in, efficient and anticipating your every need).  An excellent choice for a quick burger on the West Side.The Hickory Burger at Apple Pan is one beast of a burger! Apple Pan is good for everything but particularly their pies and burgers. On the few occasions I've come here I've always gotten the hickory burger; we typically come for the pie I'm usually craving a whole meal and enjoy a big, juicy burger before hand. Chase that down with a banana cream pie and you're in for an amazing meal. All their pies are good and obviously their apple pies. But this place has a solid kitchen that creates tons of awesome dishes so make sure to get something else besides just their pie!The food is absolutely amazing!!  I've had the Steakburger and the Hickoryburger and of course the fries and it is all perfection; doesn't come at a surprise at all to here that this place was the inspiration for the Johnny Rocket's franchise!  The only downside I see is that they are small so finding a seat could be a gamble (not that getting it to-go isn't satisfactory though!) and that it is CASH ONLY (which could be construed as part of the charm since the cash registers are simply that CASH registers from back in the day!)...I would highly suggest you try them out if you happen to be in the area ;)It's been a while since I've been here, and nothing has changed, except for the prices. Apple Pan is famous in West LA for it's history, celebrity clientele, old school decor, and style. It's a simple menu-burgers, sandwiches, and fries- and they've been doing it since before any of us were born.    Had to get the hickory burger with fries and an IBC Root Beer. Always good, but you're paying for history not quantity. It's no bigger than a double double, but tastes very good, although a burger alone is $8 now a days.    It's one of those places you just have to try to say you did... The famous Apple Pan. Cash only, So be warned, I always see some kid leave because of this.     Overall your meal won't leave you going 'wow' but it is tasty and old fashioned, which is nice when you need some old school comfort food.    Bottom line, forget Johnny Rockets, try Apple Pan instead.OVERRATED My girlfriend and I decided to visit this place because it had been featured on national TV (as well as word of mouth) The guy behind the counter seems to be having a bad day and tosses you your food (as if you're some type of animal) However, not to worry about the service because the food is obviously delicious, right?......................  NOT!! My Hickory burger was mediocre and what seemed like canned "home made sauce" Fries were like the kind you buy at Ralphs in the frozen section. The burger was brought out within minutes of ordering (wait, am I at a fast food chain restaurant?) Overall - extremely overpriced and overrated.  You're better off going to in n outApple Pan has been one of my favorite burger places for a long time. It's in a convenient location (right by my house) and the quality is always great. I'm a big fan of their hickory burger because of it's great taste. Another one of my favorite things (ever) is their pies! I've had their banana cream pie, apple pie, boysenberry pie, and probably one other one that I can't remember. The flavors are out of this world, and incomparable. Although the food isn't quite as cheap as many other places, the quality of The Apple Pan is worth the price you pay for.Another thing is that their employees have been working there for as long as I can remember. I love the fact that it is such an old-school establishment. It's always fun seeing them with their regulars.One of my oldtime favs ;)  No frills burger and fries.  just plain good and consistent.  The pies are always great with a cup of coffee and ice cream!!Wah, I was really disappointed by this place. :(I heard really good things about this place so I was excited to try it out. I was surprised when I walked in and it was all counter seating. It was packed on a Saturday night but the wait wasn't too bad, it moves quickly.When I sat down and looked at the menu I was pretty shocked at the prices. A little over 7 bucks for a burger that wasn't any bigger than one from In-N-Out. We ordered the steak burger, hickory burger, and apple pie. The waiter sort of mixed up our orders cuz he was pretty quick and impatient while taking our orders, but it wasn't a huge deal so whatever. The hickory burger definitely tastes better in my opinion, the sauce is really yummy and better than any hickory flavored things I've had before. The pie was so-so, just your average apple pie. The crust wasn't as flaky as I liked, but the pie wasn't overly sweet.I may come here again to try a different pie and have the hickory burger, but it is pretty darn expensive for what you get. Plus we got cited for parking on the street that only allows permit parking which we didn't know about, boo. :(The Apple Pan is one of those LA staples that everyone needs to visit at least once. With its counter-only seating and servers sporting white diner hats, this restaurant is the very picture of nostalgia. Keep in mind that like many diners before it, the Apple Pan does not cater to the health-conscious or dietarily limited as the small menu mostly consists of burgers, tuna and chicken salad sandwiches, and pie.I wound up ordering a burger, and while it arrived quickly and tasted fine nothing about the meal blew me away. I wanted to try a piece of the apple pie--I figured it must be good if the word apple is in the very name of the restaurant--but when I saw the $6 price tag for a single slice I quickly changed my mind. Feel free to mock me for being cheap, but $6 seems pretty extravagant for a diner dessert.In summation, go to the Apple Pan for great grease-filled ambiance, okay food, and a strange pricing structure.This place deserves credit for keeping the old school atmosphere alive. But the quality of the food is just so underwhelming. The portions are small, the food is super greasy and the prices are outrageous. Basically they are the small business version of In N Out, but In N Out just does it so much better.I like my burgers. I love homemade burgers. But I have no desire to ever return.Definitely a top 5 burger in my book.If you would like some reference, burger joint & shake shack in new york and in n out are also in my top 5. I know you must be saying "In n out?" but let me state the case for apple panI do like a burger with various different options, but a place that can do a simple burger and do it well holds my heart. That is apple pan. They've been doing this for years on end with no change to their recipe. Nothing fancy about it, just a good ol' fashioned great tasting burger.I was able to try both the hickory and regular cheeseburgers, since my wonderful girlfriend discovered and brought me here. We just decided to split the two and see what we liked best. I would recommend the hickory burger. It has a nice tang to it.One thing I would say was so so, is the fries.The food was decent. But I left feeling extremely disappointed.Hickory Burger -- $7.10 + $.50 for cheese for a burger that is about the same size as an IN-N-OUT 1 patty burger, if not smaller, which is unfortunate considering the price. Toasted bun was slightly stale, but the burger was good. 3.5, maybe 4 star flavor if the bun had been fresh.French fries -- (slightly less than $3). They were fried from frozen; you can tell from the texture of the center. Barely worth eating. 2.5 star flavor.Apple pie a la mode -- $6 for a slice + $2 for ice cream.Good flavor, not amazing. You can buy a whole apple pie at Trader Joe's for this price for similar quality pie. 4 star flavor.Ambiance -- this place is a greasy spoon type of establishment. You sit at a counter which surrounds a viewable cooking area on three sides. Great type of set-up for a quick bite but not a place you want to linger. 3 stars.Overall value -- 1 stars. Food was nearly twice as expensive as it should have been. I got two burgers, two fries, and an apple pie slice a la mode (for two people) for $31 before tip. It felt like a rip-off.At IN-N-OUT I would have been just as happy with the burger, happier with the french fries, and happy with a milkshake per person. The same meal would have been about $15 and arguably would have been a better experience.For the record, I'm going to do you yelpers a favor and list the 5* burgers in the LA area:Slater's 50/50 -- Huntington beach, Santa Ana, Pasadena -- huge customizable burgers 50% beef/50% bacon patty. ~$10The York -- Highland Park -- juiciest burger, Chipotle Harissa is genius addition. ~$13Laurel Tavern -- Studio City -- get the juicy burger with barbecue sauce and blue cheese. Melts in your mouth. ~$13See! I don't mind paying for 5* quality...but when I'm paying for an establishment's outdated pedigree instead of flavor, I am disappointed. Word to the wise Apple Pan -- you should start accepting credit cards, especially with your prices.I will probably never come back to the Apple Pan, unless their prices go down or their portion sizes go up and they start making fresh French fries.The idiom 'If it ain't broke, don't fix it' has never rang so true as it does with Apple Pan.  There is nothing fancy about AP: not the decor, the food, nor the men working there.  This no-frills place is a time capsule from an era when burgers were prepared with simple (and fresh) ingredients and if you want to know what going out for a burger in the 50s must have been like, look no further.There's a reason this place hasn't had to change in over half a century and if you go there expecting some kind of burger epiphany based on its reputation, you're going to be disappointed.  These aren't gourmet burgers, but they're my personal favourite in LA.  The secret spice in the relish, the stack of crisp iceberg lettuce, juicy beef patties, and whatever else they put on the AP burger is all I need to get my fix.  Well, maybe a slice of their home-made pie for dessert.  The AP formula is simple: good food, done right, every time.  It's also proven -- why else would most Angelenos call AP their favourite burger spot in town?Small house, small burgers, frozen fries I know they bought from costco. Must I say more? Just go to Mcdonald's.. reallyParking is BAD!... Food is overpriced "Old Man" didn't seemed very talkative or nice. Service was incredibly fast limited seating  Hickory burger is good (Small) for $7.10. APPLE PIE was alright! And if you don't mind people standing behind you as you eat your food "I guess" it's a must try. Me personally I'll stick with my In-N-Out!I've been going to apple pan for over a decade and for good reason. This place only has counter seating and usually has a bit of a wait but there is always a quick turn around. My go to order for the past decade:Steak burger with cheese and lettuce only, which means no mayo or their special sauce. If you don't like relish, like me, don't get the sauce or get it on the side so that you can say you've tried it. They do not serve tomatoes on their burgers, so just use a good amount of ketchup to satisfy your tomato craving. Fries, a must. They bring them relatively immediately and they're golden, crunchy and delicious. If you want a heart attack, ask them for a special order of fries with cheese on top. They only use real cheddar cheese in everything they serve so it is delicious. Banana cream pie. Amazing custard, real fresh whipped cream and super thin flaky crust. Enough said. The chocolate cream pie is also an excellent choice for chocolate lovers. Just imagine a chocolate custard/pudding on a thin crust topped with whip cream. Whats not to love?! Ironically, I'm not the biggest fan of their namesake, the apple pie but everything else makes up for it!This seems like a pretty common sentiment: diner is cute, but the food is just okay, and not worth the prices they charge. Fries are from a frozen bag. I did not enjoy the banana cream pie (too mushy - but maybe I'm just not a banana cream pie person) or the apple pie (watery).Upside: When we went, Orlando Bloom walked in an plopped down next to us. So theres that.I give this place a 3.5. The burgers here are good but people might be disappointed if they expect some sort of gourmet burger. They are just matter of fact simple type of good with meat cheese, lettuce, and pickles. Get my drift? The only thing thats a little different is their special sauce "hickory sauce". It tastes like a tangy bbq sauce.  If your expecting some crazy burger, you will be disappointed.If you have room for dessert, You must try their pies! I suggest either the banana cream pie or the pecan pie. They're not too overly sweet which I prefer.What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I mean, a good burger is just that!  A good burger!Here is another example that less is more.  Apple Pan's menu is quite easy to comprehend. This isn't a gourmet burger joint with your choice of 20 toppings and sauces.  Your most challenging thing to do is find a seat but hey, good things come to those that wait.  Their burgers are simple: meat, cheese (if you choose) lettuce and sauce.  All can be altered but not much.  The meat is always of good quality and the toppings are always super fresh.  My favorite is the Hickory Burger with cheese, please!  I love the subtly smokiness that the meat has to it.  It is always juicy and I almost never put the burger down until it is finished completely.  Hey, when it comes to a good burger, this little piggy goes to the market!  I say thank you to Apple Pan for making my life less hectic.  I know I can come to you and get a simply delicious burger and some tasty pie.  A lot try to imitate but none of them can touch you.  May you continue to put the apples in the pan for many more years to come.  Signed,Another Satisfied Appetite (ASA)Who the hell is still a CASH ONLY joint?? It's the 21st century! Even 1950s themed restaurants have credit card machines. I was more pissed that they don't have any real signs that inform you of the cash only crap, just some tiny fine print on the menu. Aside from that, my egg salad sandwich was 75% lettuce, also had sweet pickles, which are the inbred bastard mistake of the pickle world. Yuuuuuuuck!Ok. What can I say?  Would it be too much to at least too much to crack a smile when serving the customers? Would it be too much to actually have a seating area rather than just a counter?The food is ok  but there are plenty of burger joints in town now that one can go to. The pie is good and the creme soda is decent. I will never go back.Came back again tonight for maybe the 4th time here.  I was not as impressed as I had been before.  I got a hickory burger, a steakburger, fries, a Coke and my buddy and I split a slice of pie a la mode.  Here is how everything stacked up.Hickory Burger-  Delicious! 5 stars!  This is the reason to come here.  The sauce, burger, Tillamook cheese etc just make this burger fantastic! Steak Burger-  This was good....not as good as the hickory but still good.  They use a relish on this that is a tad sweet and layered on thick.  It tasted like sweet relish out of a jar.  It almost overpowered the burger.  I would not get it again...stick with the hickory burger.Fries-  Always hot and crispy.  Delicious! Coke- Served in a can that you then pour into your paper cup.Apple Pie-  Meh...the reason for the loss of a star.  It was just plain meh.  It had a super thin crust, almost looked like it was a wheat crust....it was just plain and I would definitely not get it again.  With the name "Apple" in your establishments name, I would think the apple pie would be good.  It was not!  The Thrifty ice cream they use is great though!  Its the yellow tinted vanilla kind.Service is always good.  Every single time I have been here we always sit on the right hand side.  The same guy is always working.  Hes a Hispanic gentlemen and he is always on point.  Nothing but great service from him.  Last thing....I wish these burgers were a few dollars less.  Its about $8.00 a burger after you add cheese.  Its pretty expensive for burger and fries but mostly worth it in the end.  The Hickory Burger is where its at!  Its amazing and one of the best burgers out there!  Stick with that and you will be golden.The Apple Pan is an old school burger joint with great burgers and old school sodas. I honestly love this place since John Wooden used to eat here all the time! I'm a huge basketball fan so that is why I came here to try it out. ===Food===Steak burger: Apple Pan sauce, mayo, pickles, lettuce and cheese. Delicious! The meat is juicy from all the oil! The burger is one of the best that I've had. It's a must try!I haven't tried any of the desserts or other burgers, but I'll definitely be back to try it out! Good eats!A great historical place, but with all of the great burgers out there these days, it is not anything exceptional.I have been eating at this burger joint for over 15 years, and have just now thought of writing a review for it. After reading some of the reviews, I was shocked to see this place received anything lower than 4 stars!! The burgers here are the most delicious, distinct tasting burgers I have ever had. These can not be compared to in n' out y any means. The hickory burger is what you come here for. However, their tuna salad and egg salad sandwiches are also to die for!! You don't come to eat here if you are dieting, you go to the apple pan when you want to indulge!The meal to get: Cream soda, french fries to start, hickory burger with cheese, and then apple to finish with ice cream.You may have to wait around the counter for a spot, but that's all part of the fun!I've been here 2x I have to say it's not the best place , In N Out burger are much better .Just on the Banana Cream Pie i ordered for my girlfriends birthday.  Fresh, crisp crust, perfectly ripe bananas.  For $20 it is a bit much, but sooooo worth it if you're a banana cream pie fan.  Small restaurant with an open kitchen.  Just a good old fashioned throw back to the old times of Los Angeles.Hickory Burger. Request: EXTRA CRISPY FRIES. And I don't care if you "save room" for PIE.  you're GETTING IT ANYWAY.  I get a slice with coffee.  Do NOT RUN after you eat here. There is too much in your belly.  CA$H ONLY!!!Came here ~5 months ago. And I'm writing my review now... it's pretty indicative of how forget-worthy this place was. I think there's way too much hype about this place. I tried the Hickory Burger my friend got, which is supposed to be the popular burger at The Apple Pan. But honestly, it tasted like a burger from TGIFridays... just meat, bun, hickory bbq sauce. Nothing that screamed it was worth coming to this place for. I had the Turkey Burger, which was even more mediocre! Given, I liked how they served the drinks.. it was cool :) But seating is a little difficult and the parking lot is a little shady; I was afraid my car would get scratched. I guess it's worth a try just so you know what the people with underdeveloped palettes are raving about.I've been hounded by my coworker for over a year to come here.. and I finally did!I got the hickory burger with fries, a soda, and a slice of the boysenberry cream pie.  We went on a Wednesday - unless you love crowds and seat-stalking, I recommend you go on a day that is less crowded because this place is very popular.  To me, the hickory sauce was not very good - it tasted like some slightly tangy ketchup that my burger was drowning in.. :( It seemed like the burger underneath was pretty good, but I couldn't really taste it over the overpowering sauce that was all over the place.  Fries were just fries.  Not that good, but definitely edible.  What I really liked though, was the pie.  That boysenberry cream pie was really good - homemade tasting crust, just enough cream on the top (not too much!), and a very dense  and yummy filling.Next time I come here, I'll just get the regular steakburger so I can see what the patty actually tastes like.  I'll skip the fries.. and I'll definitely get more pie!  I want to try more of their pies..No parking, but the mall is across the street and street parking is available on weekdays without much trouble.  Cash only!Overpriced and not worth the hype -- $40 for 4 cheeseburgers, 2 fries no drinks. Too much hickory sauce which is basically just a ketchup based BBQ sauce. Good burger, but not worth the hype. Wanted to try their famous pies, but it was so busy with many waiting breathing down our backs for us to leave that we didn't get to dessert. It would have been nice if there was a bit more method to waiting for a sit than to stand behind those most intimidate-able.This place is a real disappointment.There is so much great food in LA.  I'll never come back here.The staff was great very friendly and nice. Food was simple nothing great rather go to in and out. It's so crowded it's annoying so if you get annoyed easily don't go. Got rushed out  cause too many people. Didn't even finish my soda.Good but nothing amazing. I think I got the original burger, which was meaty and tasty. I didn't enjoy their special sauce, which was too sweet, but everything else was fine. Apple pie was pretty good -- full of apples -- and banana cream pie was delicious. Prices were a bit high (a bit over $7 for a burger alone) for what you get. Seating is strange. I thought the place would have a typical layout but it actually has bar seating. Cash only but they are open late.In dedication to the passing of Huell Howser I write this review of the Apple Pan. I have been aware of the Apple Pan for a number of years and have been wanting to visit this LA landmark for quite sometime. After watching his visit to the Apple Pan I knew it was time to try it out.youtube.com/watch?v=9XKi…There's not much insight that I can provide that you haven't already read from the other reviewers experience so here's my gist.*The hickory burger is a great tasting burger with bbq sauce that has some real tang ~ 4 stars*Be ready to fight for a seat during the busy times because there are no numbers ~ 2 stars*Know what you want when you are seated because there might be people waiting behind you wondering WTH you are doing wasting everyone's time ~ 3 stars*YOU MUST TRY THE BANANA CREAM PIE ~ 5 starsIn the world of gourmet burgers and truffle oiled fries the Apple Pan still stands the test of time. If you're like me and are sometimes looking for a no nonsense type of burger mixed with great nostalgia then make your to the Apple Pan. You won't be disappointed and you might say things Huell used to say like "Oh my gosh!" or "Isn't that amazing?"RIP Huell Howser!The nostalgia is the best thing you can say about this place, however, their prices are far from the good old days. Its very expensive. We went for dinner here tonight, it was really hot inside, no air conditioning and the fans barely provided any breeze. I am almost certain that the waiter was an automaton retired from Disneyland. he had no facial expressions, barely spoke to us and screwed up our order several times. Since it is a basic menu, we weren't expecting too much. My partner's hickory burger was pretty good but it was tiny and the buger very thin, they also forgot to add the cheese (they didnt forget to charge for it though) The french fries were ok, nothing special and my sandwich, a swiss cheese on rye bread that was completely stale and dried out, and the sandwich was piled high with iceberg lettuce which means no flavor. We had two soda's and split a piece of the apple pie. The pie wasnt bad but the crust was a thin, whole wheat totilla, did not resemble a pie crust at all. So, with tip, it came to $35. for the two of us. Was it worth sweltering for mediocre food and bad service? No.I may need to come back here one night to actually try a full slice of pie.  I'm sometimes picky with what kinds I consume due to consistency... I don't really like creamy or fluffy airy things in my mouth.  I will eat apple, key lime, pumpkin, boysenberry... pie. I think I've tried others before but anyways, I'm going off topic!  This place is known for their pies!!!  I wouldn't doubt it.  The interior is this dimly lit wrap-around counter style diner.  We took our dessert to go and ate it back at the hotel.  Street parking available.good all american burger restaurant. service: i get that it's a very old establishment and the rude service is kind of part of the charm, but seriously, the guys that work here are really mean! oh well. burgers: classic all american burgers. i've had the hickory and steak burgers. they're good, not great. i prefer the steak burger over the hickory burger because i could do without that hickory bbq sauce. fries: dig the fries:pie: apple pie + ice cream  = delicious. i much prefer in-n-out burgers over apple pan burgers but i'd come back here because of the applie pie.Love this place! Good burgers and fries, great apple pie. Excellent service, very attentive and fast. Will cook food any way you like it. No fuss, casual 50s style setup. On my way home now with their apple pie and ice cream- can't wait!It's about the sauce for me. The other elements of the Hickory Burger are pretty standard, but the sauce on it gives it a unique taste that I would come back for. It's kinda of a cross between BBQ sauce and ketchup. If that doesn't appeal to you, you should probably just pass on this place. But I was a fan.The restaurant is like a typical diner. It's not very big, and it was pretty packed when I went during lunch time on a weekend. We weren't able to get seats right away so we took our food to go. If you see someone getting up, you swipe the seat. It's that type of deal.Don't expect something amazing, but if the "hickory" part of the burger appeals to you, definitely give it a try.*There's a Wells Fargo right across the street if you need cash.3.5My stars...(5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No? Go.  Tease:   Rated by some as the best burger in Los Angeles.Why I went:  Because it has a darn tasty burger!When:  5/7/13Food:  Burger and fries.  More specifically, the Hickory Burger and fries.  First the fries...very good.  Well cooked.  Nothing that is life changing, but very tasty.  The burger is indeed very delicious.  It's more in the style of In-N-Out/5 Guys than a gastropub style.  It easily compares.  People will swear by which they like better, etc.  I prefer 5 Guys...but no doubt that Apple Pan is beyond worthy!   Service:  Old fashioned.  Efficient.  A nice throwback to days long gone...Hints/Final thoughts:  The burger is no doubt worth checking out.  Be prepared to pay cash only!  Parking can be a hassle, and be prepared to wait for a seat!  This place is small, but thankfully, the turnover is fast.One of the best ham sandwiches I've ever had. I called in my order to go, they boxed it all up and walked it to my car!! Very cool.$ Beware: CASH ONLY!!! $If you're into 1950s nostalgia and food lacking taste, come on by! I've had worse food for sure, but at least really bad food is memorable.PIE: I had the pie here, and it was really good. It reminded me of something you'd find at a small town diner or you'd get from a talented home cook. ATMOSPHERE: It's a small space that will transport you to the 1950s. All of the seating is around a u-shaped counter, and the restaurant is so vintage that they still  ring you up on an old school register. PRICE: The prices surprised me because they were actually very high for what you got. If the prices were similar to other diners of the same quality like Cafe 50s, then I'd probably give this place a higher rating. OVERALL: You'll have a fun, kitschy experience at The Apple Pan, but it's an experience that you shouldn't partake in often because of the price.Went here for the apple pie since I saw a review of how amazing it was on TV. Ordered the pie to go. Was it good? Yes. Was it great? No. And especially not for the price. $19 for a whole pie is a bit steep in my opinion and the taste just wasn't that great. I'd go back to try the food though , but I was expecting more bang for the pie.I was just there this past Saturday after the Kings playoff game. Like some of the reviews said. The older guy who takes orders comes out as rude. We told him to not put ice cream on our pie, he end up doing it. We enjoyed it but my girlfriend is still coughing from her cold she has had for a while. I also noticed I have ask him for water quickly before he went on to next order.As for the burger. Lots of lettuce on the hickory burger. It's not bad nothing special. There hickory sauce I thought had a spicy kick to it. I felt it was a little to much sauce. With the cheese added, it helped balance it all out. The place seems packed all the time when we were there. I'm sure it's busier during the day. Would I go back, I would. My girlfriend on the other hand would not because how rude the service is. As for the fries. They are cooked well and are fresh. I wonder how the other stuff taste. Well, maybe I can convince her to try it one more time with me of the other sandwiches.So good. When my mom used to work near she would bring us burgers, fries and root beer (if we were lucky cream soda). I always had the hickory burger and that sauce is so good. The fries are yummy and the root beer awesome! Can't wait to come back!Great spot to grab a quick bite!While the burgers may not be the best they are still good, and this place is definitely worth checking out. It is one of the original diners in Los Angeles - the registers are even from the 40's. Things to know:-No tables, only one U-shaped counter-Small menu with traditional diner items-Cash only-Quick and friendly service-No reservationsI usually get the tuna sandwich, which is simple but tasty, and I always get the banana cream pie! While they are known for their apple pie, which is okay, I personally prefer the banana cream  (if I wanted apple pie I would go to Jones Hollywood - it is the best!). I will definitely be back!hickory burger was outstanding but what really won us over was the 5 star service. Bilingual staff was awesome and very attentive. Old school feel was also nice.Love love love this place. Hickory burger with cheese and fries extra well. Line is always longer on the right side so go left.I have no idea why this place is on Jonathan Gold's list. Maybe if you long for that diner feel, this is of interest. If not or if that is not #1, this may not be the place for you. First, parking is pretty bad around the area. Good luck. Once you get inside, you may have a long wait for a seat and god help you if you have more than a +1. The food was okay, but I believe a burger from Umami or even In-N-Out would be better. And the apple pie...disappointing. Service was slow and lifeless. Nothing awful, but the first word to my mind is pitiful. NO ONE should drive across town or more than 5 mins for this place.The Apple Pan is heralded as an LA Burger legend, so I was pretty disappointed when I came here and experienced an overall lackluster meal.I will give it to the Apple Pan, the 1950s-style diner atmosphere is on point. You can tell the place has a lot of history behind it, and there's something fun about sitting at a linoleum-topped counter watching your food being made in front of you by workers in white diner hats. Per the reviews, I ordered the hickory burger and banana cream pie. The burger was extremely messy what with the mayo and gobs of hickory sauce and completely fell apart after a few bites. How was the banana cream pie you ask? Well... they were out, so I didn't get to try it. Maybe next time. Although after that underwhelming performance, there likely won't be one.This place is average at best. I just don't get it. It's another LA institution that is completely overrated.My second time here and I just needed to write a second review. 5 STARS. Love this place. The burgers are amazing; not the #1 in LA, but definitely well-rounded. And the pies are freakin bomb-dropping good...pies are my weakness...The burgers, fries, pies, the classic old-style restaurant, and the overall ambience gives this a 5-star in my books.If you are looking for a quick and delicious place to eat, this is the place to go. Although the surrounding area isn't the nicest place to be, this place has the feel of an old-fashioned diner. This food is above average but the service was unbelievable. I sat down at the restaurant at 1:35 PM and left at 1:48 PM, having already ordered and eaten my burger, fries, and a nice hearty piece of banana Creme pie. Overall, this eatery is a very good place and the fact that they also cook the food in the middle of the place is also a trip to see. If you go to this place and there is a wait, then just stay because people will be in and out of there in a heartbeat.Apple Pan might be my favorite burger joint in LA. Don't go expecting a gourmet burger -- it's more along the lines of fast food, but it's a 70-year-old LA establishment and a fun eating experience.TRY THE: Hickory Burgerthis is a long waited hamburger joint I have wanted to go for a very long time.....Im torn the atmosphere, the history, the nostalgia and general ambiance and stellar! out of the park and Im glad I went.   Fries A+ just the way I like them.  We split the Hickory burger and the Steak burger.....The Hickory was like 'hickory' flavored katsup  it was good  (and a LOT of it)  the patty fantastic cooked to perfection  lettuce crisp bun great.  Im sorry just not a fan but I cant say anything bad about it.  the Steak burger was a katsup relish (like Bobs big boy) and again the put a large amount of it on it and again everything else on the burger was great....and again just not a fan  everything good but the sauces on both burgers  did not 'hit' it with me  I wish they did but they were not for me.  I feel like I just dont have what it takes to be in the 'club' or something....I wish the Apple pan great continued success.Ps   the apple pie  HOME RUN !!  FINAL:  go try it  great experience.Hands down one of the BEST burgers in Los Angeles. Most likely the OLDEST restaurant open as well.  My parents used to go on dates here when they were in their 20s and a couple of same people are still working there.  Very limited menu, but that is what they are famous for as well.  Everything is the exact same in there as when they first opened.  Diner style restaurant with only counter table seating.  Can get busy, but wait is usually not more than 15 minutes.  What to order: - Hickory Burger with Cheese (I ask for light lettuce, but that is just me personally)- Well Done Fries.  These fries are sooooo dam good. You really need to make sure they are well done though.  Enough fries to share with two if you want, but I like to clog my arteries as much as possible when I come here so I get my own order.If you come here, get a steak burger or hickory burger.  Don't go and get the tuna or ham. Cmon....  Thats like going to a place famous for their sushi and ordering teriyaki chicken.Delicious, I love the food, the vibe, the people, this is a great place to eat a burger, relax, and take a quick pause before heading back out into the LA fray.Really, people? How can anyone say ANYTHING bad about the food here! This place is an LA establishment. Don't go thinking you're going to get some snooty gastropub burger with a blend of 80 meats, some ridiculous "7th taste" ingredient and a "leather" strip of ketchup. It's a burger... and a damned good, well made one at that! Sometimes the best things in life are the most simple.The smiley faces they make with the ketchup for your fries never gets old too.So the food gets 5 stars, hands down. The downsides? The wait, and the parking. Then again, the wait is partly what makes the place! Who can't appreciate (at least a little) scoping out your spot behind the counter and just soaking it all in for a little bit...One of my favorite burgers.  I've been going to the Apple Pan for 40 years.  I order the steak burger rare with cheese and a slice of raw onion.  Extra relish on the side.  Yum!I'm not a fan of the apple pie.I don't know  whether the cooking oil tanker at the front door just before closing was delivering or taking away, but in either case, it sums up the Apple Pan experience.  You'd think there would be some juiciness to accompany the oil, but there isn't.  The fries are good.  Our server didn't seem inclined to waste words on us.  The one time he addressed me, I couldn't understand what he said, but since he was opening a Nestle packet of instant cocoa that I ordered, I replied "Yes".  It turned out he had offered me a scraping (not a dollop) of whipped cream - wow, it really elevated that drink!  Just know that the next morning, the styrofoam cup in my car looked to contain old gravy!Don't be intimidated. This place is staple. Worth the price  the steak burger puts hamburgers to shame. Simple menu that has not changed. Awesome pies. The hard working folks behind the counter have worked there for decades and do it with pride. Make apple pan a tradition, it's timeless food  Big thanks for all the consistent great food.If you're hankering for an 'ol school no-frills burger joint, then Apple Pan is it.  (Gourmet burgers or special toppings?  You'll have to go elsewhere).* Expect a wait* Expect smokiness on clothes (you sit on barstand that encircles middle-cooking station)* Expect an eat-in-then-leave joint.* Mmm-mmm milk shakesI want to like Apple Pan more than I actually like Apple Pan. I think it's the hickory burger, which kinda bummed me out (too sugary/smokey). I like their other burger, though, and I dig their fries. Also dig their set-up, though I wish there were more chairs. I get the retro-ness of it, but even some outdoor picnic tables would help! Hard to find seating on the weekend, so seems like a better mid-week option. Worth going a few times if you're nerby but not my fave burger in town.I strayed. I order something that I thought was going to taste good instead of the the burgers they're known for. I ended up paying a lot more for a sandwich I could have made myself at home and still had enough ingredients to make 3 more for another time in the week. The fries were ok. The seating is a cool concept but someone got into a scuffle for being cut in front of and stormed out. I mean it'd make sense if there was someone at the door that could help kind of regulate it. That's probably the only thing I liked at this place, how the seating was around the waiters and kitchen and everything flowed so smoothly. It allowed the waiters to be punctual with refills and hooking you up with napkins. That's the 3 stars right there.I came here on the day before Thanksgiving, and it was really packed! Initially I was confused because there wasn't a particular line inside...people were just hovering behind the bar-style seating (cooks in the middle) behind people. Then, my friend asked one of the hovering people how Apple Pan works, and they told us you just hover behind dining people and wait for them to leave, then you snatch and slide into the seats before anyone else can. Okay, I make this sound a little more dramatic than it should be because of course everyone is somewhat courteous and kind of know who came into the restaurant first so they don't fight barbarically over seats, but still, it was kind of strange how they couldn't just make people wait in line instead of having them hover around the diners. After around 20 minutes, my friends and I were able to successfully snatch three seats together. Score!Steak Burger - This was a very decent burger. The patty was juicy and the vegetables were fresh. It was good but I don't know if it's worth fighting seats over. Hmm..Fries - These were really good fries. You know how there's the type of fries that are greasy and limp? These fries were golden and crisp on the outside but nice and starchy/fluffy on the inside. Yum! Sadly, because it was the day before Thanksgiving, they ran out of pie before we could get any. I'm guessing it's because many people came here to buy whole pies instead of just slices, so that depleted their supply fast. It was really disappointing because it seemed like pie was one of their popular things since so many people came in for the pie just to get turned down by the somewhat gruff old man at the cash register.The hickory burger is good, mainly because the sauce is tasty and unique.  The fries are nothing special.  I would have loved to have a milkshake, but they aren't on the menu which is a bit disappointing.  The apple pie was good, but again nothing special.  Only reason it gets three stars is because the staff was friendly and fast.I came here with my family on a Saturday and i got the hickory burger. I really liked it especially with pickles! The food was good and it was filling but I didn't expect the hamburger nazi hahaOld school.Cash only. (There is a Wells Fargo next door, just FYI)Sit at the counter and watch hamburgers and fries roll out. Boo and I waited for a bit along the wall, and swooped in on seats when two opened up. We needed something quick, and our overall experience was relatively fast. We ordered our steakburgers, fries, and a soda. The fries were deliciously crispy from what I remember. The burger (at least mine) was drenched in their sauce which is relish heavy. Unfortunately, I'm not a huge fan of relish especially when it overpowers the hamburger patty. We finished, paid, and left. No point in dawdling. Seeing how burger joints ran back in the day was really cool, the food isn't amazing, but like other have said it's simple and to the point.Born and raised in LA, I've seen this place a thousand times, but never thought of going in.  It was only until I saw this place on a tv show stating that it had some of the best burgers in LA that I decided to give it a try. Well, being a burger fanatic, I guess I was expecting a lot better.  It wasn't bad, but it was on par with In-and-Out, but probably 2-3 times the price.  That being said, In-and-Out has some of the best burgers in SoCal, but they also only cost about $3 a pop.Anyway, the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars (which is really closer to 3.5 stars) is because the service was good, they had really good fries and their apple pie was also very good.  What I didn't like is that it cost me and my buddy about $20 each for this and if I were to go to In-and-Out, it would have cost me less than half the price.However, overall, it's a good place to go if you're looking for a small diner experience on the Westside.Kind of a weird but unique old-school burger place. Its been around since the 40s, and the family recipe for the food goes back to the 1880s. The hickory burger is def awesome, though the fries were overcooked and oily. The old man behind the counter looks like he's been standing there since 1947. They also serve their sodas in a paper cup nestled inside of a tin cup that might have been the fashion 60 years ago. All in all, its a pretty cool place to eat at with the old fashioned charm of 1940s diners. Its also a helluva burger and its not that expensive (around $7).DO NOT COME HERE! Worst service I have recieved in a long time!  The man working was a complete jerk and made me feel unwelcome! The burger was ok, but the waiter yelled at me when I asked him what the sauce was. My drink would have been delicious if the waiter had not slammed it down,  basically throwing it at me, spilling half of it on the counter. The apple pie was gross, could have been slightly better if one of the three employees I asked actually heated it up. Apple pan? The name does not fit this.. whatever you call it. If you don't have a gun to your head,  literally,  then avoid this place in a ten mile radius.Wanted to try this classic forever. Took my old-school dad who loved it. Went at 3pm on a Tuesday and it was still busy. I can't imagine the wait at an actual meal time.  Burgers were delicious, uncomplicated. Preferred the Hickory as the sauce adds juiciness. Fries also great.Ended with a giant slice of what else -- apple pie. Ala mode of course. Perfect finish.Service was actually crazy amazing. Our guy anticipated every need almost psychically -- water refills, extra napkins, ketchup. It was uncanny. Everyone gotta go at least once.We came here for dinner around 6 on a Saturday night and sat down shortly after arriving. The key to getting a spot, I think, is to pick a side and then be ready to move... quickly! We ordered the steakburgers, fries, and some cokes. I would compare this hamburger to a better In-N-Out burger. They even toast the bun the same way, and that sauce with the pickles is really good! Overall, I enjoyed the taste, atmosphere (very old school and laid back), and service of Apple Pan. I want to say that I'll be back really soon, but it's probably not a good idea to eat here all the time. Even though I want to. Badly.There is a reason why this place has been around for decades and that is because they have kept it to the basics.  Much like In & Out Burgers' sparse but awesome menu, the folks here have been making the same food for all these years. Like the saying goes, if it isn't broken, don't fix it?Come for the great burgers, fries & pies. Eat your food and leave because loads of people are eager to grab your seat.  Do your chit chatting outside.  I like the low key, no frills attitude.This place use to be good and is still very busy due its history and reputation. But I have to tell you that it has gone down through out the years. The taste is there and very good but the portions are small and can get very pricy if you want to be completely full. As another writer indicated they meat patty is not proportional to the rest of the items used in your burger.  Parking can be a hassle at times.   I give it 2.5 stars......I've been patronizing this restaurant for decades.  My very first apartment was right around the corner from here  The food quality has remained constant all this time, and I swear, the prices have barely changed at all.This is old school American comfort food and it is all good.  Nothing is not good here.  It really bugs that they do not do breakfast, but they just don't.  Weird.  I must admit that I don't like pie, but my spouse assures me their pie is great.  I know, lame.  i just don't like pie.  *hangs head*It was probably this place that made me understand that west LA could be a home of sorts - this is where I go when I find myself hungry at odd hours or when friends are too busy to coordinate a meal.Everything was good but nothing was mind-blowing. I liked the hickory smoked burger and the homemade sauce (although it was a bit drenched). I also recommend lettuce on the side. Fries were also good. Not too crispy or soggy.Banana cream pie was really good except for the whipped cream on top--I could actually taste the butter which freaked me out a lil' bit. Overall, SUPER relaxed ambiance. Everyone sits along a 3-sided bar and you get to watch the cooks make your food in the middle.Not sure what the big deal is. A friend told us it was a must. It was a meh. Burgers tiny and they fall part. Fries ordinary frozen things. I don't get the popularity.Love this simple, old school burger joint.  You can really feel (and see) the history in this place.  Basic menu does not overwhelm.  The hickory burger was yum. Sit at the counter in the round, actually a square, watching the cooks make the burgers in the middle. You may have to wait for a seat. Or better yet, do what we did and order to go--they were super quick--if you're in a hurry.Get the Hickory burger and the banna cream pie, nothing else. Both are extremely high quality, and are absolutely delicious. The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's pricey. The vast majority of the time, I'd prefer to go to In-And-Out, just because of the price.What a complete and utter disappointment. My husband and I went here around 5pm on a Sunday with high hopes. I had heard that The Apple Pan had the best burger in Los Angeles, which is a pretty bold statement! We were able to find parking in the small parking lot behind the restaurant, so we were pretty excited. We found 2 seats, and a very grumpy looking older gentleman threw 2 menus in front of us without a word.I only had $25 in cash, but I assumed that would be enough for a couple of burgers and fries at a diner. The decor didn't lead me to believe otherwise, but I was in for a shock when we looked at the menu! The prices seemed a bit high for a greasy spoon. Undeterred, I ran over to Wells Fargo next door to get more money.We each ordered a Hickory Burger and fries. The waiter forgot my husband's french fries, and barely muttered two words to us during our entire meal. My husband was almost done with his burger by the time he got his fries, and then was not offered any ketchup (or an apology). As far as I can tell, they usually ask you if you want ketchup and pour it for you. I asked for a plate (I was, of course, met with silence and a disdainful look), and my husband went to put ketchup on the plate. The waiter glared at him and grabbed the bottle from him (!!) without a word. When my husband told him that he needed ketchup, he reluctantly poured it on the plate for him.The whole meal was uncomfortable. The waiter was miserable to deal with. Sadly for us, the other waiter on duty seemed lovely- smiling, chatting with customers, bringing extra plates and napkins. The food was good, but it wasn't any better than In-and-Out or Five Guys. If we had been lucky enough to get a waiter that was even cordial, I may have enjoyed the meal. I see that this same waiter has been mentioned in other negative reviews, and he seems to have worked there for a long time. We definitely wouldn't recommend this place and won't be going back.i gave this an extra star for the authentic nostalgic element and fast service.  The burgers were actually good, but I really don't like sweet relish, which they serve (you can custom order though). The fries are fairly good.  The pie looked amazing but i was too full to try it.  I'd recommend going.  It isn't Golden State, but what near Westwood is?their banana cream pie is to DIE for! their coffee is good too... and their hickory burger.... basically everything here is super good! warning: cash only so don't forget your cash!!! and this place is definitely not good for groups... max probs 3 people?Hickory Burger, Fries and Ketchup, Dr Pepper, and Banana Cream Pie. You will not be disappointed.Definitely over-hyped. The place has a '50s feel, which is cool, but the food is plain ol' regular. If I'm going to dedicate a day's worth of calories on a meal, it better be spectacular. The hamburgers here were about par. I guess I get the excitement about a place that's been around for decades and has had its share of cameos, but it's not somewhere I plan on going back. Burgers are burgers, tuna is tuna and diner food is diner food. I realize I'm in the minority here, but I just can't get behind a place that serves non-exciting food in a non-exciting environment. I'd rather spend an extra $10 and be waited on in a decent booth.Cool old style place . Fast service. But I probably should have checked if they take ATM before I ate.Now I see everyone paying with cash at a old 1940's register. Lucky my Co worker had an emergency $100 bill stashed in his wallet. Or we would be washing dishes. CASH ONLYI'm not quite sure about if this banana pie should be cold, anyway, when I take away the pie is totally cold. I may try chocolate pie and apple pie next time, but be honestly, a piece of pie cost me 7 dollars, it's too pricy...I have been enjoying Hickory Burgers for a long time. Although this is my first review of this long time establishment.  Apple Pan is consistently good and I will keep coming back for more. Some of my friends really like their tuna sandwich. I like the way they make the fries medium-well and crispy. There prices are a bit steep but the food is unique and good quality.  Sometimes there can be a serious wait to be seated but on this occasion it was less than 5 minutes.If you want a true, honest food experience that brings you to another era, go to the apple pan. The Hickory Burger is amazing and the Tuna is BOMB. Try a tuna melt - it's not on the menu, but it's truly amazing. Ask for it with grilled onions and you won't be disappointed. The banana cream pie is perfection. Keep in mind, they serve their pie with Thrifty ice cream and they have real Heinz ketchup. If you are the kind that only  want home made ketchup and fancy gastropub burgers, this may not be the place for you. But the food is top notch, simple, delicious, fresh and the service is speedy and attentive. I have to say, I had gone a few years back and the hamburger patty size did seem smaller before. Now it is pretty thick - I'm not sure if they changed it up or it was my imagination. For the people who say the clerks are rude, try talking to them, they have always been nice, but no nonsense, they're genuine not fake for the sake of being super nice. That's my take on it.All I knew about the Apple Pan was that it was an LA institution. I assumed its menu must be chock-full of homey classics. Little did I know that the ONLY "homey classics" on the menu (practically speaking) were hamburgers and fries. I mean, there were overpriced ham and egg salad sandwiches, too. But you don't spend eight bucks on an egg sandwich. Well, at least I wouldn't!No, you come here for the burgers. I walked in and as a "solo" diner, there was no problem grabbing a seat at the formica-topped wrap-around counter (there are no tables here). My order was taken quickly, the food came out promptly, and the dude serving me grunted and left me alone (kind of welcome after the over-intrusiveness of more modern establishments' wait staff). The cash register was notable for being about 30 years older than I am, with a variety of fascinating levers to punch, but no digital display. And as for the food: The hickory burger was very flavorful. Instead of the conventional single leaf of romaine, there was a big chunk of iceberg slotted in between the meat and the top bun. It was almost a burger salad. (Old school alert!)The fries were a little greasy, but perfectly hot and crunchy. I didn't try the pie. It would have been overdoing it.I guess I'd go back to Apple Pan again if In N' Out were too far away (I think their burgers are just as good and $4 cheaper). The ambiance certainly wouldn't draw me.Hickory burger, fries, and of course... BANANA CREAM PIE!!!Good prices and quick service.Came here with a couple work colleagues for lunch. It has a very cool early 30s/40s dinner vibe about it and a very simple menu. The only seating is around the counter, which we thoroughly enjoyed. However, I believe the food prices were super inflated compared to the quality of food. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't a bad Burger, but a Burger, fries and soda was close to $20.Wow, totally fooled by Yelp on this one.  Our first time here will be our last.It is very clear that anything over 3 stars at this joint is based on old-school nostalgia and nothing else.   Do these people honestly think $7.50 for a piece of pie is "AS GOOD AS IT GETS???"   Did they have some secret, magical pie that made them hallucinate, because I need to see that menu instead of the one that I read.The burgers were ....burgers.  Expensive burgers.  Actually kinda "blah" burgers.Fries are extra.  Fries were basic, greasy fries.  Nothing new, exciting or flavorful than any of the other million burger joints around.The egg salad sandwich was horrible.  By my rating system, the pre-packaged egg-salads at any convenience store are a better bargain.  It was overloaded & broke the bread--which would be fine if the egg salad actually had flavor.  But sadly, it lacked any taste whatsoever.  Actually, the bread had taste and I'm not sure that was a good thing.Service:  cold.   Better go in expecting how it works, because we were not even greeted with a warm smile let alone a modest "hello."    Menu has very few options. One star for the cute way they serve the sodas.  I honestly have no idea how the food or service here gets more than 3 stars on a good day.The Apple Pan has really good burgers, there's no doubt about it. But the service is among the worst I've ever had--period. And don't even think about coming here with more than one person. Saying the place is packed is an understatement. The only seating lines the entire restaurant, bar style. There's always a line. One person gets up, one person sits down. I went with four people, it took 30 minutes to order burgers, and we ended up having to take our food to the mall across the street to find seating.And when it all comes down to it, In-N-Out is just as good. Honestly. And I'm all about getting great food with low headache. The Apple Pan is the opposite of that experience.ProsFast serviceConsHorrible burger - way too much lettuce & weird tasting sauce. Major lack of meat.Horrible fries - BLAND & greasyService - not a single hello or thank you from the counter clerk Overpriced & cash onlyNo music so you get to enjoy the sounds of others slurping & swallowing their food.This is an amazing little dive-in counter set up that is SUPER old (1940s??) but has so much character. A really great atmosphere, casual and small but very historic from what my LA friends have told me. Sadly I don't like apple pie but the banana cream pie was AMAZING. They also have really great burgers and sandwiches and hot chocolate. Highly recommended, the waiters are all very friendly as well.Love the nostalgic feel of it... Burgers were good, service was great. Its cash only :/The burgers are just average and there is nothing special about the burgers, they put a thick piece of lettuce on the burger making itdifficult to enjoy the meat, the hickory sauce is just average but they are always crowded so they must be doing something rightbut definitely not worth the $7.10 in my opinion. For $7.10 the meat should have been thicker and there should have been something extraordinary about their burgers considering they were on several television shows..My boyfriend wanted to try this place. We ordered Hickory burgers, fries and drinks... honest opinion, burgers are overpriced and not tasty... now I can say, been there and done that, but would never go back.This tasty little burger joint has a special place in my heart.  Not for hype, not for nostalgia, but for being one of the few places around Los Angeles that (since 1947) still serves up "simple, no-nonsense, what-you-see-is-what-you-get, and we're not afraid to tell you how it is" kind of experiences which (in this day-in-age), seem to be slowly fading away.You'll first notice this from the Apple Pan's menu, which aptly states that it's "...the result of the effort to do simple things exceedingly well."  With recipes that date back to much earlier than the restaurant's opening (try, 1881 for that apple pie), it'll become clear that the purpose remains true to serving up the same (two) excellent hamburgers as precursors for the same (four) excellent and enormous homemade pies.  Originating in 1905, both the incredibly juicy steak burger (and the hickory sauced "hickory burger") likely pack the same amount of flavor into every bite as they both did in 1947.  And still to this day, that apple pie (made with sour granny smith apples and topped with hot apple/cinnamon juice) truly commands an experience all on its own where only the addition of a slice of Tillamook cheddar cheese (or a mound of whipped cream) could make it even better.  And knowing that, you begin to ask yourself:  So what if it's $6.75 a burger for a patty that isn't Kobe Beef?  So what if you're frowned down upon for asking them to customize the hell out of your burger?  And so what if you claim you can get a similar thing at Carl's Junior for two-thirds the price and at one-third the wait time?The Apple Pan doesn't care, and in this instance, that's what really counts.  And to those of you's that do nothing but grumble and whine about how the efficient (and sometimes gruff) old guys handling the counter service which (on occasion) commands the toughness of an era that no LA scenester in their mid to late twenties would even begin to understand, allow me to break out the world's smallest violin.Overall, the Apple Pan's commitment to this no-nonsense business model is downright refreshing.  The fact that the food backs it up is definitely a testament to their longevity - and my continued patronage over the years.Note:  Cash only!  Counter Seating Only!After an exuberant evening at the theater, we decided to stop by The Apple Pan for a late night burger.For old school ambience and appeal, this is the place to go. Seating is at a round counter, surrounding the chef and server. For an over-priced burger, this is also the place to go. I had a hickory burger with an IBC root beer and we split an order of fries. The burger was deliciously smoky but it did not justify the price tag that came with it. The fries were overly fried and between two hungry gals, they were barely touched. It was nice of him to have poured our ketchup out for us, though.But I will have to give them credit for some amazing banana cream pie. Holy Big Baby Palin that was good. I also had a taste of other folks' apple and pecan a la mode and they were all very stomach-space-worthy.So... The Apple Pan. Over-rated!I'd rather have a double-double.*runs*.The Apple Pan has that 1960s small-town mid-America burger joint atmosphere at modern prices. The restaurant is famous for its burgers and pies, but it is more hype for nostalgia than anything. The simple menu, burgers, and counter service allow you to revisit a simpler time.Olivia Z. and I split a Steakburger with Cheese, Hickoryburger, Fries, and slice of Banana Cream Pie. Even without drinks, it was $23 before tip. Note that The Apple Pan is cash only. The Hickoryburger was indeed the yummier of the two thanks to a touch of hickory-flavored BBQ Sauce which surpassed the sour relish flavor prominent in the Steakburger. I did like the soft, almost crumbly, beef patties. The French Fries were served hot. Like burn-your-mouth hot. Fresh fries is always a win.Our favorite discovery at The Apple Pan was the last: Banana Cream Pie. The slice was stuffed with fresh banana slivers and just a dab of cream custard. If you like a simpler, less creamy, and more flavorful pie, then the Banana Cream Pie is an excellent choice.Small parking lot in the back or street parking. Note hours, rules, restrictions, etc. because it seems like there were a lot on the side streets. It's a couple blocks from Westside Pavilion, so, trekking from there is an option, too.Service is quick and curt. Be ready to order, be ready to eat, be ready to pay, be ready to leave. There's a line of people waiting for your seat at the counter.The burger is classically a-ok. The pie is memorably good. The Apple Pan is nostalgically 3 stars.Apple Pan is one of those place I am often perplexed at. I'm not into the whole "institutions" or "old landmark" kind of places. Even though it's been around for awhile, I just get the feeling that people loves the charms of the old place.The place actually looked quite nice and very charming as if the outside of the place looked like an old hickory shack. What's even better was that the inside of this place looked very unique as they only have an U-shape counter seats. There are no tables or booth seats for privacy. Just the counter seats like you have seen in the old Alan Ladd film noir days.I guess they do all their cookings at the brick-layers oven grill. It brings out the flavor I guess. The old mechanical cash register that doesn't need electricity gave the place the old vintage class.The menu is very limited at best with only two types of burgers. I skipped the Hickory burger and ordered the steak burger instead. Sounds fancy, but it's just a beef patty burger. I did ordered their two dollar fries. They don't have a combo or very extensive menu. This one page sheet menu pretty much stayed the same forever.Here's the punch in the gut. That steak burger which sounds fancy, but looked like a famous star from Carl's Junior minus the tomato and such ......cost $8.Yes, I have complained about the gourmet burger coming from a bar that cost $11 in Santa Monica, $12 French toast in West Hollywood, and an $8 omelet in Long Beach. Let's put it this way, if that $8 burger was a wowser, I would not be complaining and comparing it to Carl's.Alas, it's a decent chow, but not really that good. I'm sticking with In-N-Out Burgers as the better burger in town.I think I was also held in a stick up when I ordered their "Combination". No, that is a combo meal, but just a simple baked ham and Swiss cheese sandwich with a lettuce. Guess how much that was?.......$7.Yes, I can see this place is more geared towards the affluent crowds of people living nearby or people wants to relieve the Golden Age of Eisenhower and Nixon. But geesh, the prices were harsh.The place can be crowded with people waiting for a seat. It seats less than 32 people, so you are going to need to be there during non-rush hour. Big groups are discourage from coming here. If you think Daikokuya is bad, you haven't seen this place on a prime lunch or dinner hours.I'm just too scared to try the pies because I didn't want my wallet to be drained that quick, but apparently some people have no problem stimulating the economy by buying a piece of any of the five different slice of  pie that would have cost the same for a whole pie elsewhere.Like I said, it was really hard for me to understand about this place. Perplexed by the time I walked out and still left unsatisfied.It's 12:00 pm and you find yourself In the midst of clubbing, or for that matter, color coding your sock drawer, and suddenly you're gobsmacked by your inner munch demon's latest brainstorm?You're feeling an enormous, overwhelming wave of food lust thrusting itself upon you, and you know full well that there's a rocky shoreline a-coming, but you can't stop yourself.You stubbornly ignore the red flares blasting off inside your head, and the chorus of voices: WARNING!  IF YOU CONTINUE, YOU'LL NEVER EVAH GET BACK INTO THOSE SIZE 2'S, YOU FAT, FAT, FATTY!!!  You're  defenseless, ashamed, yet struck with an urgent urge for asucculent "Steakburger" with Tillamook cheddar or a "Hickory burger" dunked in barbecue sauce, some crispy fries and luscious banana cream pie, laden with fresh whipped cream. This is the place to frequent when suddenly you've been slapped upside the head with those midnight munchies.  I'm a native Los Angelean and as such, old school treasures such as the Pan are replete with memories galore. Over the years, I've found myself sitting beside New York socialites, druggies, Studio 1 disco dancers, punk rockers, screenwriters, Beverly Hill's matrons, hippies, twelve steppers, pseudo intellectuals, actors and r & b songstresses, and the stories I've heard... yikes.It's not crazy busy late at night/early morning, and I've found myself having amazing group conversations with the lot of them.   Go forth I tell you, and take notes.Yay, I hit 50 reviews.  ;-)The workers at The Apple Pan are not your friend.  The workers at The Apple Pan don't know what the internet or Yelp or the 21st century is.  The workers at The Apple Pan don't know what your plastic card is.  The workers at The Apple Pan do not know in which order you came in, where you are going to sit, what you're going to do without napkins, or why you got those neck tattoos.  The workers at The Apple Pan do not know the total of your bill at the time they hand it to you.  What they do know is how to make the best god damned greasy cheeseburger and the best god damned flakey banana cream pie in West LA.You don't need the hickory burger.  You need the original.  You love that whole pound of slightly wet, crispy, monster-fresh lettuce on your burger. Your girlfriend broke up with you because you are getting fat from The Apple Pan but you don't care.Edit: I took a star off just after I wrote this review.  I got so hungry for Apple Pan that I went and actually got it and it was great but it just wasn't 5 stars.Holy crap, 66 (67) reviews of this place. Whenever my friends and I have a "What's the best burger in LA" discussion, this is alway my favorite place. Still, half the people I mention it to, even native Los Angelenos, go "Huh?"It's over by the Westside Pavilion (yikes) and is dee-freaking-lishous. It's counter-service only, so it's not the kind of place you want to take a date to impress 'em, unless you're lucky enough to be going out with someone who would be impressed by this place.You sort of wait and hover around, and there's an unspoken "Wait your turn" attitude that is conveyed to other standers by nods and glances. In all the times I've been, I've never seen a fight over a chair break out. Which is saying something, because this place is tiny.Once you sit down, you're treated to the super-brief laminated menu and a gruff counterman asks what you'll have to drink. "Uh, Coke and a Root Beer?"WHAMMO! Two paper snowcone cups in fancy little red ... holder things are put down in front of you, along with cans of your beverage. You order, they bring your fries (get 'em) and sometimes they'll draw a little smiley face in ketchup on the spare plate they bring you. Sometimes not.The burgers come wrapped and hot off the grill (you can actually watch 'em being made) and they taste soooo good. You'll be in and out of here so fast with a belly full of grub that I bet the drive time to get there takes you longer than the meal did.Oh yes, they also have pie. However, it's a crime to pay for pie here. Take it around the corner to Canter's if you've got a pie jones going on once you've had your hot beef injection.Shawty got apple pie, whipped cream, hickory burgerWe shared some fries, nothing excited herAnd if you go (And if you go), you too will knowThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soGreg N got pie (banana cream), a single steak burgerWe got two end stools at the old 50's counterThis tourist show (this tourist show), they charge some doughThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soThree times Huell Howser came here for his PBS showHis love spurred me and my wifey to goTo park was hard, filled me with woeWith some of my bros, been here befo'Fun hangin' out, without a doubt, but no mem'ries about, the food they bestowSo I went back last week with my wifey at fo'Got stools fast 'cuz  business was slowSat down, waiter he said "Hello!"I told you already what we ordered befo'The fries, they came out fast, so prontoWaiter let the tomato ketchup flowOn a cardboard plate the Heinz he let goAnd while the fries had a golden glowThey had no crisp and no fluff blast, you know?Shawty got apple pie, whipped cream, hickory burgerWe shared some fries, nothing excited herAnd if you go (And if you go), you too will knowThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soGreg N got pie (banana cream), a single steak burgerWe got two end stools at the old 50's counterThis tourist show (this tourist show), they charge some doughThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soThe hickory sauce wifey's burger was drownedThe sour tang of the sauce made her frownCan't see why this burger's renownedCould get many better burgers in this here townThe apple pie was goopy and blan'Rather have the apple pie from JulianMy wifey could not become a fanNow, the steak burger was really greatThe relish flavor made me elateBanana cream pie I can't negateBest pie they do createBanana slices are lined real straightDessert pangs it did satiateSo while the hits don't compensateThe misses, they partially abateThe hickory burger and apple pie hateCan't say Apple Pan is greatBut you if you must go here on your next dateYou can join the Apple Pan debateShawty got apple pie, whipped cream, hickory burgerWe shared some fries, nothing excited herAnd if you go (And if you go), you too will knowThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soGreg N got pie (banana cream), a single steak burgerWe got two end stools at the old 50's counterThis tourist show (this tourist show), they charge some doughThis place is so-so-so-so-so-so-so-soIBC Root Beer. Hickory Burger w/ extra hickory sauce on the side. Fries. Apple Pie a la mode. This place is a classic.I should be too young to feel nostalgic about anything. Fortunately, I don't have to with Apple Pan because it will never change.Wish I would have yelped before I came, otherwise I would have been prepared for the Cash Only policy. Anyhoo was so not expecting the set up in this charming little diner.  Love walking into places that feels like you've been time warped into a whole other decade.The menu is simple, which I like.  Only about 12 total items to choose from.  We ordered and it did not take but less than 10 minutes for our food to come up.  The burgers: Orgasmic.  The pies: Orgasmic x100. Boysenberry Cream is what I got. I wanted to marry it.Parking wasn't too bad at the time we arrived, but I could imagine it being a pain at other times.  The other diners seemed to know the drill as they stood off to the side waiting for an available seat at the only counter available to eat at.Super cute, good food, amazing staff that seemed to really enjoy their jobs.Well done.I came just before the lunch rush, so I cannot speak to the challenges of the seating situation.Service: The service I got was excellent, my ketchup was refilled when needed and I was even handed napkins a couple times, so I felt like I was being attended to very closely. The napkin thing is a little odd now that I think about it, but it seemed right at the time...Food: The burger was just okay, I'm not sure what all the hype is about. I got the steak burger and I did not enjoy their sauce which is basically relish. With the pickles, its a bit repetitive. You can get a better burger at many other places in LA for a cheaper price. Conclusion: I won't come back for a burger, but I might come back for the tuna salad sandwich that some Yelpers are raving about.I'm gonna go to The Apple Pan! I'm gonna go to The Apple Pan!! I've had this place bookmarked for the longest time. The history behind this little place is just so interesting to me. The Apple Pan has been open since 1947! The menu is simple and ingredients are fresh! Once you walk in, you feel like you've been takin' back in time. From the countertop diner style table and the red vinyl stools to the old school cash register. The service is quick, efficient and friendly. You walk in...wait for a seat to open. No line, just act like it's a 4 way stop with others waiting for a seat...you'll get it once you've been there. Once you sit...you'll be handed a menu and you order. I suggest the hickory burger. I got the hickory burger with onions and fries. If you order a soda pop it's served in a cool paper cup holder thingy. I've never seen it before, it's interesting. My burger was pretty good....the sauce they slather on it tasted like the BBQ sauce on a western burger at Carl's Jr. The fries were fast, hot and fresh from the fryer. Our plate of ketchup was never empty. At the end...I paid about $10 for a decent burger and fries, a bit pricey in my opinion. The only reason why I can't give it more stars is the fact that I feel rushed when I eat, because I know there are people literally on my back waiting for a seat to eat. I give it 3 stars for the food, because it was okay and I'll add another star for actually keepin' it real, real old school.For the price point, a great little weird establishment. You hover around (if you're getting food to eat there) until the right number of seats opens up. That part is a little strange. (If you're getting food to go, it seems to take no more than five minutes - probably an awesome way to do it if you don't want to sit.) Super simple menu. Two burger options, fries, and a few basic sandwiches (tuna, cheese, egg salad), and pies. The burger was pretty good for the price (L. A. prices, that is) - well above the quality you'd get at a stand, but not actually gourmet. Still, noticeably high quality, and damn tasty. You get a big stack of crunchy iceberg in there too. No flavor, all texture, the way iceberg should be. The fries happen near-instantaneously, and are good because they're fresh.The pie (we shared pecan) was good. Maybe a little expensive, but you get a huge slice. They make it there (they claim). However, the crust was probably bought, unfortunately.Still, it's a cool little time machine, and pretty quick eats.A very tasty burger indeed, so I can see why this has a regular and consistent following.  BUT (and it's a BIG BUTT...giggle) there are only 2 types: a "Steakburger" and a "Hickoryburger".  You can't add anything to them.  No chili.  No bacon.  No avocado.  No fried egg.  No extras!  Thumbs down on that.  I don't like that...not one bit I tell ya!  Not taking into account the other features of the apple pan, but the burger itself is comparable to a Johnny Rocket's (but they have a lot more choices!), and not as good as an In-N-Out.  The burger is priced in the medium category: $6.75.   yelp.com/biz_photos/odzv…FRIES -- medium cut with cheese...excellent!  Again, no chili is offered.  Just think how good they would be then!OH PIE! --- The Banana Cream Pie is supreme.  I don't know how they make and keep the bananas so good and fresh -- they weren't mushy and brown whatsoever.  It's not custard, it's very thin cream on top, but each bite is truly wonderful.  I'd give the crust a 4.0 (good flavor, but nearly non-existant...very little on the bottom or edges), but inside is a 5.0+!  Just note, this is pricey -- $5.75 per slice, and $18.50 for a whole pie.SERVICE --- very nice but minimal chatting since its always so busy, and the entire team is fast and works hard.  To quote the legendary Donna Summer, "she works hard for her money", er, except it was guys working hard for YOUR money.COUNTER SERVICE ONLY (NO TABLES) --- I was lucky to walk in at the right time, and find an available seat right away.  But as it gets busier, the wait can be 15 minutes or more, and there is no order to the madness of couples of groups waiting.  No line, no hostess, not good for groups, no bueno.  It's very neighborhoody and has a great small town feel, which is one of the things that makes this unique in LA.PARKING --- With 8-10 spaces in the back for free, good luck getting one of those or the 5 metered spots close by.  The neighborhood street has restricted hours, so be careful.  After hours, I parked at the Wells Fargo across the street and ignored all the warning signs.CASH ONLY...TRUST? --- For a company that's been around as long as the Apple Pan has (what, 75+ years?) -- there is no valid reason not to accept credit cards by now (they are more than an established business).  We all know why it is great to have a "cash business", and everyone needs to pay their share.  I'm not accusing, but I am judging -- I'm now waaaaaaayyyy skeptical as to the legitimacy of their register sales, especially for 2 additional reasons,: 1) I wasn't offered a receipt for my purchase, 2) I sat next to register (only seat open), and one man who ordered several items "to go" was told the price, and then questioned why the register only said $7.70.  He was told, "the register doesn't always match the total."  THUMBS DOWN.CONCLUSION -- Good burger, amazing pie.  Because parking stinks, and if at a busy time (even more difficult to find a seat) -- I'd go elsewhere, or call ahead your order and have a buddy double-park while you run in to grab the order.Oh how i dislike this the apple pan. Why this place is popular is beyond me. The relish they slather over the burgers is just gross to me. I came here years ago after hearing all the hype. I remember being pretty let down by the price to burgerie goodness ratio. So this last week at work i decide I'd have to go back to be sure i didn't like it. Four of us from work go and there's no seats when we arrive. When ordering I asked if i could get a double cheese burger and the little man behind the counter very condescendingly replied, "No, did you read the menu?" So I end up ordering a cheese burger and fries. Watching this guy was so annoying. I know he's trying to be quick and get people in and out, but he's such a dick about it. It's not hard to be fast and nice, I've seen it done at countless businesses. Once my burger is slammed down in front of me I anxiously bite into it. Worse than meh. Way too much lettuce, which i removed most of, and that god awful relish! Even after i scraped most of it off my burger, it was tainted with sweet pickle taste. $7 for this crappy burger! Even the habit is better than this garbage burger joint. The bites of banana cream pie i had were good but in no way worth $5.50 a slice. If the apple pan lowered it's prices to what they were in the 1950s it might be worth it. At least now i know I don't like this place and I'll never have to come back.***Attention***Calling all hamburger purists, calling all hamburger purists! Apple Pan has been around since the dinosaur age we call the Baby-Boomer era. Prepare to be set back in time -- they still use the original mechanical cash-registers and serve your Coke in a paper cone -- but don't worry, texting on your new iPhone will still work in here (I think there's some sort of loophole in the time-space-continuum). This is a burger counter where you must rub elbows and box out to rebound an open bar stool as if you were Andrew Bynum. Do not expect a waiter to seat you, and do not budge if diners give you dirty stares; have no shame. If you aren't greeted by an open stool when you arrive, get familiar with the menu. Better yet, I will help you out here: You have two choices, Steak Burger or Hickory Burger. I suggest trying the Steak Burger on your first try, it's a solid choice; Hickory Burger for the thrill-seekers. Get the fries, your server will pour you ketchup; it's a beautiful thing, like clock-work. The small, but efficient kitchen pumps out burgers like a well oiled piece of assembly line machinery. Ding ding, burger's up.Your server's stern, but welcoming demeanor will make you feel at home, he doesn't read from a script or wear a name tag. The same old, and very tall dinosaur of a waiter has been since I was a wee-little-chap. Consider yourself lucky if you are graced in his presence; the man glides smoother than Michael Jackson.If you're too full for desert, too bad. Get the banana cream pie, it's the best I've ever had. Homemade, pillowy mounds of whipped cream, HELLO?! are you listening? The apple pie is amazing, too -- Recall the name of this establishment? Let that be a testament to their holy grail of apple pies. Get one to go, you won't be sorry.Leave your Visa and Mastercard at home, cash only; just like the late 40s.PS: They have IBC Rootbeer served out of glass bottles. Go for it, you don't get this everywhere.I hate this place. It has the strangest layout and no seating order. The wait was about 25 minutes of watching the diners munching on their food prison style. Let me explain: the place is a tiny u-shaped interior with lines of people standing 3 ft. in back of the diners. After arguing with other customers that we were waiting before them we finally got a place. An open seat was like tempting sharks with fresh blood. Then you sit down and become the person about 20 people stare at while you eat. It is damn uncomfortable. I don't get claustrophobic, but I've never liked people staring, looking over my shoulder and making comments about what I'm doing within earshot. The burger, fries and pies were good. There are a few more pies I want to try. So, next time I'll get take out and eat at the park.Claustrophobic + long wait + good pie = take out.I would give 1.5 stars if I could.  The extra half star would be for speed and service.  As for food, I ordered the steak burger and fries.  Both were very disappointing.  The burger is similar to that of an animal style In N' Out cheeseburger (single patty) with a lot more lettuce, mayonnaise, and a tangier sauce.  Unfortunately, it's not as good as In N' Out and costs a lot more.  The fries, while plentiful, were just plain bad.  It's hard to make a french fry that doesn't taste good but I left most of mine on the plate...1947. FDR was two years dead. The Cold War was getting colder, and the Red Scare was getting hotter. And my people were freed from the internment camps to face racial discrimination. Good times back at the dawn of the baby boomer eon. Well, at least there was the opening of the Apple Pan still on West Pico. I can just imagine the Andrews Sisters singing a twist on their big hit..."Don't sit around the Apple Pan with anyone else but me, anyone else but me, anyone else but me...no, no, no!" Flash forward 63 years later, and here I am with Jamie W. for the first time to enjoy a true SoCal classic. Step inside - and it doesn't look like it's been redecorated since 1947. In fact, the waiter who served us honestly looked like he's been there since the beginning. But that's impossible, right? Anyhow, I think the menu truly hasn't changed, and Diet Coke is probably the most recent addition to their menu (see photo). It's all counter - one big U-shaped one - and no tables. You just have to wait next to the wall hoping you get called in order since there are no numbers to pull. We lucked into two seats near the restroom - just in case anything disagreed with us. I ordered the $6.75 Steakburger served with a mix of mayo and their own relish, pickles and a truckload of iceberg lettuce. Jamie went for the same-price Hickory Burger served with their special barbecue sauce. Wrapped in white butcher paper, they stand the burgers up on the counter on their hind buns for no reason except they don't offer plates (see photos). Pretty good and satisfying as a snack near midnight on a Saturday. Long-timers will probably be disheartened to find out that the prices jumped up from $5 within the past couple of years. We shared a $2.25 plate of piping hot French Fries, and the waiter squeezes the ketchup on a paper plate for you (see photo). Totally hit the spot. Diet Cokes are not served in cans but over ice in vintage paper cups in tin paper cupholders (see photo). Of course, we couldn't leave without sharing a $5.50 slice of their homemade pie. They were out of apple at that hour, so we dove into the Boysenberry covered with jagged scoops of Vanilla Ice Cream (see photo). Deliciously decadent snack. Honestly, that's it in terms of the experience. No one was waiting for the seat by the time we finished, so we didn't feel rushed by the waitstaff to move our arses. I feel like I can check off a true LA diner classic now. By the way, you should read David Sedaris' humorous account of his visit here with his partner Hugh and a friend in his story "A Can of Worms" from "Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim". FOOD - 4 stars...good, satisfying burgers with great fries and pie AMBIANCE - 4 stars...simply and authentically classic SERVICE - 3.5 stars...ornery but efficient, no love lost here TOTAL - 4 stars...worth a visit to feel that real-life post-WWII vibe without having to serve a tour of duty on Iwo JimaOk. I'm a dork and I've watched a documentary on hamburgers! LOL! Its actually really cool because a lot of the fast food culture came from LA! The Apple Pan was one of the restaurants I've been meaning to try ever since watching this program on the history of hamburgers, drive-ins, and fast food.So what did the documentary say? The Apple Pan prides itself in using top notch ingredients. For example, they use only a small percentage of an iceberg lettuce (the middle part) in thier hamburgers and all their burgers are made to order. This same buildling has been profitable since they opened in the 20s and even to this day, the family owned business has refused to sell! What a story!After knowing all this history, I went VERY eager to taste this legend of a burger! :) Ordered the ORIGINAL Steakburger ($6.20) w/cheese (+$0.50) with an order of Fries ($2.00) and a Diet Coke ($1.50)Truthfully? I was a bit disappointed. The ketchup/onion sauce was WAY too much and killed the taste of the burger. I might be biased because I don't like too much sauce in general, but the entire time I was eating, I was thinking "In-N-Out" is soooooo much better! LOL! Plus the servers weren't friendly and the whole ordering/seating process was just so freaking confusing.However, the restaurant had a old time feel with the U shaped counter, paper cups, paper wrapped hamburgers, old school cash register, the workers with thier cute little hats. Definitely worth trying at least once :)I may come back again.. and ask them to hold the sauce!! AND supposedly thier apple pies are GOOOOOD :)Maybe it was the quiet of the patrons at the classic U shaped counter and the silence in the open kitchen that made me dare I say, slightly uncomfortable. Even though I had never been there before the place seemed familiar. I got the sense that they have been doing the same things the same way since day one. The subtle touches like the wood paneled walls, old school cash register (The App Pan is CASH ONLY)  and wait staff really date the place in a charming way. I loved the nostalgia behind it but that was pretty much it. The Hickory Burger was one note.  It was edible and I ate all but even the thick cut Tillamook cheese that I love so much couldn't save this burger. The sauce was not doing it for me and the burger could have really used some raw onions or grilled onions to jazz it up. The famous Banana Cream Pie was good but not mind-blowing as I expected it to be. My favorite part of the meal was my Cream Soda that was served in a paper cone cup that was then set inside a stainless soda cup stand.Parking is a pain in the pan. Glad I gave it a try but I wouldn't go back.Apple Pan tells it like it is, serves it like it is, and doesn't take crap from anyone. A Los Angeles gem. I've seen it on their faces. Some people walk into Apple Pan expecting waiting service (or a host at the very least), an overbearingly polite staff, and an extensive menu off which they could proceed to change things around and completely ruin the burgermaster's creation. They basically expect an ass-kissing burger joint circa 2010, the losers. Not gonna happen. Apple Pan is delightfully frozen in the same year it opened: 1947. The circular counter and bar stools, the small but fierce menu, the old school register, and soda served in paper cone cups, classics. The service is fast, gruff, but somehow still sentimentally sweet--our guy kindly gave us an extra piece of pie he stated was unsellable. What a sweetheart. Hop onto the barstool, your legs dangling like a little girl's. Ignore all the predatory customers standing behind you waiting to hound down a stool just like you did just now. Order a hickory smoked burger, fries, and a coke. Remain calm as your eyes roll to the back of  your head in pleasure and you marvel at a decade of plain and simple burgers gone by. The smokey flavor melts into the meat just right. The fries are crisp. The Coke is...well, just Coke. What did you expect? Claim for yourself a piece of fresh banana cream or apple pie a la mode and smack your lips in raw pleasure. You're home.RACIST/STEREOTYPICAL WAITER!!!So I sit down amongst a gaggle of Korean tourists.Waiter: So are you people Chinese or Japanese?Korean Girl: We're Korean...Waiter: Ohhhhh...so you Chinese/Japanese people only difference in eyes.Korean Gril: umm...huh?Me: Dude, thats not nice.Waiter then walks away.I was like daayyyamm...you've got to be shitting me. This place is known for the burger and pies, but I didnt know about how rude and insensitive this particular waiter was. And besides that, he was adamant about trying to rush people through their meal.Waiter: Do you mind paying while you eat?Sure, I like people who try to be efficient, but there are certain limitations you need to draw the line. I mean, I haven't had my first bite on my burger and that guy is already asking what dessert I was getting and if I can pay before I finished my burger.I came here one other time before, and it's usually pretty packed and it's basically seating yourself on the honor system where you basically keep track on who came first and who gets seated next.But the wait is worth it (if there are no racist waiters on hand). Got the Hickory burger and fries. Nice and juicy, with the lettuce thick and fresh. The fries on the other hand, is just plain, but you get something to munch on while they cook your meat. yelp.com/biz_photos/odzv…For dessert, I ordered a nice slice of warm apple pie with vanilla ice cream. And the dessert came before I finished my burger which was a little annoying as I sat there and watched my ice cream melt because I was still eating my burger. yelp.com/biz_photos/odzv…Good burger, great pies, but they definitely need to work on customer service. Next time they ask me about dessert, I'll wait until I finish my meal before I order it. Or next time you ask me if I'm different because I have elongated eyes, I'll punch you in the mouth.Tip: Remember it's CASH ONLY in here. Also you can park in their limited lot or street parking for a fee or park across across the street at the mall.Apple Pan is one of those places I am often perplexed at. This place is geared towards an older generation wanting to relive the golden age of soda shops and Truman but damn, the prices are high, the place is crowded, parking sucks and the burgers are lousy compared to ANY other burger stand in L.A.The menu at The Apple Pan is simple. It's basically steak burgers or hickory burgers, the latter being slathered with a hickory BBQ sauce. Either is available with cheddar as well, and they've got fries available as a side. Steak burgers are piled high with lettuce, tomato, relish and onion. My last visit I opted for a steak burger with cheese, my daughter went with a hickory burger with cheese. Here's the kick to the nuts. That steak burger ($8.00) which sounds fancy, looks and taste like a flavorless Carl's Jr burger from their Dollar Menu. Like I said, it's really hard for me to understand legions of fans that loyally return to this place. I'm just not into these so called "landmark" places. Just because it's old don't mean it's good. I have given Apple Pan 3 legitimate chances in the last 20 years but after 3 strikes - you're out! My mind is perplexed and my stomach is unsatisfied.DISAPPOINTINGLY AVERAGE SINCE 1947Let's see...fight for a seat, have people hovering over your shoulder waiting for you to leave, and pay $8 bucks all for a burger that Carl's Jr could do a better job with?  No thanks.  I want a burger, not nostalgia.  I'll stick with In-N-Out or one of my kobe burger joints.  Later suckas!Dear Diary,I am The Apple Pan Burger, and I am one of the greatest tricksters to ever flourish in the urban wasteland.  Like any good grifter, half of my job was picking a good mark - and Los Angeles was perfect. Where else could I get by just on hype alone? Certainly not a city such as Minnesota, no sir.  I am legendary for no good reason, other than the fact that I've been around for decades.  Yet I'm able to keep conning people into eating me over and over again. Because let's face it: my meat is pedestrian, and my fries....well, they're....fried. The trick lies in my image - I'm an LA "landmark", so tourists and locals alike automatically assume that I'm what defines the LA burger.  I laugh at the people constantly walking into my con, as it's sickeningly obvious that their hunger has melded with the hype, creating a near-foolproof blinder.  When I see that look in their eyes, I know I've got them, because they'll be full after they eat me. Once I get my ass tossed onto the grill, I know it's a done deal as my scent of charred meat wafts up around the restaurant.  That's just the icing on the cake.See, they've already trapped themselves in the hype/hunger bubble - hence as long as they're full afterwards, they'll be satisfied. They'll THINK they just had a great meal, because deep down they don't want to invalidate the hype that brought them into the restaurant in the first place.  At least that's my theory. Makes sense in a city where everyone is so self-absorbed that hype and self-deluded pomp have become part of their Freudian Id.   How else to explain it?  The burgers at places like the Counter are certainly better, but people repeatedly keep coming back to me.   Maybe it's also the Tillamook cheese I smatter myself with.  You could put cheese on a turd and people will love it.  Put TILLAMOOK cheese on a turd, and they'll die for it  based on the name alone. If you're gonna grift, do it right.  Just like how you can slap a Marc Jacobs label on a garment made in a third world country, and people will buy it. In a city that helped bring Paris Hilton to celebrity power, I'll remain king for another 50 decades.  My only rival is Pink's Hot Dogs.  Might be a better grifter than me, even.    I just hope the people here don't figure out that there are dozens of better burger joints in LA.  I am the Apple Pan Burger - a switched up Keyser Soze - and I own you all.I love The Apple Pan for a gazillion reasons... in the interest of keeping this review somewhat short and sweet I'll give you my two (ok, maybe ten) cents on why this is my favorite burger in THE WORLD. My Mom always went to The Apple Pan as a child...She would wait pressed up against the wall of the tiny burger shanty with my Grandparents trying to eagle-eye where the next available stool would be... sometimes it would be next to movie stars, recording artists or just the family from the down the street. But everyone was there for the best burger, fries and apple pie you could get your hands on in L.A. Not much changed throughout my childhood (except of course the Los Angeles landscape on Pico Blvd). I spent countless days at that Apple Pan counter. Literally. I threw up for the first time in public at age 5 here, I lost a tooth here once. I went here for my first meal after I got my braces off. I went on my first boy/girl alone date here. I've been here with friends, ex's, family, strangers, Motley Crue, you name it.  And through all that nothing has changed... not one bit since 1947. The wallpaper, stools, bathrooms, counter, EVERYTHING is the same. Furthermore, the food hasn't changed either thank GOD. It's still the best damn hickory burger you'll ever sink your teeth into, served with a coke in a little funnel cup and piping hot fries on a paper plate accompanied by the Mt. Vesuvius of ketchup.I can understand how this kind of nostalgia would be lost on someone without this kind of history with The Apple Pan, but it is by far and away the furthest thing you'll find as a "tourist trap" in L.A.. It is a real piece of Los Angeles history that has had the best of the best grace its dingy little counters to down a late night burger and slice o' pie a la mode.       The wait is soooooo worth it... and if you don't think so, there is an In 'n Out down the street waiting to take your order 'Protein Style'. The world's best cheeseburger served with a heaping side of vintage charisma breaks the expectation standards... and you can be sure someday my little one will be saying the same thing!!So Apple Pan round two -- this time, I got the full experience because the place was busy! We got there in the middle of lunch on a weekend. This time we had to stand in line and wait until people got up, unlike the first time when it was virtually empty.I had no idea what the protocol was, but from the first visit, I knew there definitely was some protocol going on, so we just followed what everyone else was doing. There were tourists, families, people dining alone...... but when we got seated, I didn't even need a menu this time. I knew exactly what I was going to order and I was gonna do it fast! I had no clue that the act of waiting behind the diners was "hovering" until one guy stood up and jokingly said to me "stop hovering".The 3 guys sitting next to me were hogging the menus and I thought "okay, I'll just go with my original choice" although I thought maybe a peek at the menu might make me change my mind, but too late, the guy was already in front of us.I got the hickory burger with cheese, fries, iced tea. I loved the hickory burger..... too much lettuce this time (note to self, omit lettuce next time) but I wolfed it down in no time and then even agreed to share apple pie a la mode. So our server was even more efficient than the dude from my first visit. I mean seriously, he knew we needed stuff before we even knew it. He came to refill my iced tea before I finished the last sip, and he did this like 3 times. The apple pie was kinda runny and of course the ice cream made it even more liquidy, and before you even realize that the fork wasn't gonna cut it, he was there with spoons. I mean seriously?!?!?!I really need that guy to come home with me! I need that kind of efficiency at home!A terrible experience on a recent Saturday night. Rude workers, soggy pie, napkin-throwing customers and cash-only price gouging do not make a restaurant charming. I don't care how many decades The Apple Pan has flourished in otherwise bland West LA.  It's time to pull the plug on this "landmark" -- and I love landmarks!  Yes, I know you've been there since 1940-something, but you still have to TRY. Just a little bit.  Just pretend that you still care about the people who actually walk through the door. It's embarrassing. Ugh.Let the shouting and battling and Yelping begin:  Best burgers in LA.  There.  Yeah.  I said it.  Wanna fight?Sure, you can get a half-a-billion different toppings at the the Counter, sure there are only two kinds of burgers - the steakburger and the hickory burger, and sure, there's often a wait.  But MY SWEET LORD, that is some gooooooood meat:  Soft, flavorful, fresh, nectar-of-the-gods if such a thing could be made from the perfectly ground flesh of cows.The counter:  Old, horseshoe-shaped, real.  The guys behind the counter:  Old, horseshoe-shaped, real.  The service:  Lightning fast (that is, once you sit down).  The fries:  CRISP!  SALTY!  AMERICAN!  The condiments:  lots and lots of ketchup, poured liberally by the horseshoe-shaped counter men.  The drinks:  Come in a paper cone!  Yay, Apple Pan!  The antithesis of new, the best of the old, proof that joy can be found in a place that looks a little like an Edward Hopper painting, except everyone looks pretty dang happy.Except the deadpan horseshoe-shaped counter men.I'd only been here once before tonight, but every other week or so I'd muse out loud that 'we should totally go to Apple Pan.' Like others have said, it's a nostalgic old place with a cool old-fashioned cash register and sodas served in paper cone cups. The crunchy granola in me wondered how sustainable this place was, as they use hardly anything reusable...paper plates for everything. I got the classic steakburger wtih cheese, which was great, with a really traditional taste. Those who have a problem with the flavor here might reconsider their idea of a 'good burger.' In this day in age, when we put stuff like foie gras and truffles on our burgers, it's great to go back to a classic. That being said, my burger was a little over-relished. The hickory burger was also very tasty for barbecue sauce-lovers. The fries were great, super fresh and hot, and the meal was perfectly topped off with a big slice of banana cream pie and a cup of coffee, for which they bring you a little individual cream cup. My one star is mainly for the price. Although this place probably brings people down memory lane, the prices sure don't reflect it. We probably shelled out about $14 a person when all was said and done. But if it's a choice between a $6 slice of pie and this place not being able to stay open, I'd shell out the cash any day.Just... no.  Top 20 most underwhelming experiences of my life.  'The Apple Pan Hickory Burger made one author's list of "99 Things to Eat in LA Before You Die"', whoever this author is should be shot.  Between the eyes.  What a fucking loser.The place is UNventilated and you sit around the grill watching creepy dudes slam lettuce onto a board with no gloves, add burger meat, add gobs of ketchup, and then slap it all together between some buns with some paper.  The fries come in a cardboard circle tray, like the kind that McDonald gives you to hold your soda cups.  It's so gross.  And they just LOVE ketchup at this place because they must go through a whole bottle on 5 burgers alone.  My hickory burger had so much ketchup on it I couldn't taste anything else, (and I normally like ketchup).  For the fries too, the counter guys comes around and personally spray a generous helping of ketchup onto one of those gray cardboard circles for each patron with a fry.  No words for it.Their website had a menu and the burgers were all $5, pies $3something.  I thought that was reasonable and decided to try it.  When I walked in, the burgers were $7.25 with cheese, and plus tax and tip that comes to $9.  Almost ten bucks to sit at a greasy counter, eat a below average burger oozing with ketchup everywhere, and then come out reeking of smoked meat and cheap food.  My hair and my silk dress smells like I just fell into a dirty grill.  AND, the pies are now almost $6 per SLICE.  On their online menu they were around $3 per slice.  Since 2009, the price of their pies doubled.  So with tax and tip, it'll be $8 to eat ONE SLICE of pie.  I couldn't even see it but judging from the quality of the burger, I will pass.Apple Pan's appearance and menu gave me the impression that they are an old-fashioned, down home, Southern tradition kind of joint and the servers there, and the cook, and every single person who works there, is Mexican and spoke to each other in Spanish the whole time.  There was no old Southern grandmother pictured on the website.  There's nothing wrong with Mexican workers.  But if I go to an Ethiopian restaurant, or a French bakery, I don't want to see only Mexican cooks and servers.  It somehow just detracts from the authentic experience.  I didn't go to a taco joint, so what the fuck!  The burger wasn't half as good as In & Out's and for over twice the price.  The service wasn't great.  The guy was very curt and was not friendly.  Their prices nearly doubled in the last two years and they didn't bother to update the online menu.  Worst part of all, aside from the half a liter of ketchup I drank with the burger, is that you come out reeking of grilled burgers and ketchup long after you left.The Apple Pan is a classic. If you're looking for a nice, long-ish, sit down meal, this is not the place you go.  If you have a small party (aka 1-2 people, anything bigger be prepared to be split up) and want to eat a great burger in a short amount of time -- well come on in!Things to Know Before You Go:-- Know what you want before you sit.  -- Bring cash - they don't take cards. -- Don't dilly dally. Be decisive and order everything at once.-- Forego special orders, substitutions, alterations. (exceptions below)-- Don't try to talk or be buddy-buddy with the servers.-- Don't argue the bill - they may be old, but they are pretty spot on with their math skills.Food Schtuff:-- the "sauce" is very liquid smokey. Hickory burger just intensifies it.-- you can add grilled onions & they wont get mad-- you can order cheese fries (its not on the menu, but it's okay as long as they aren't super busy)The menu is small because what they DO make, they make well.To take a walk back in time, when quality and quantity was king, this is the place.This is also a BOLD statement, but I'll go out on the limb here..their fare as simple as it is, The Apple Pan does make a tasty burger. The quality is there and the only thing that has changed is the price of the food, unless you have a real silver dollar in your pocket, then the price is about the same, if not less. But oh, what a meal, the place and outside area is kept clean and the service is pretty darn good, too! Parking is a little tough, but well worth the wait or the walk.When a girlfriend of mine was feeling in a slump, what do I suggest?Pie at The Apple Pan!!!  But not just ANY old pie, we're talking:Banana cream pie ($5.75) - a hunka hunka pie - this heavy slice was loaded with layers and layers of fresh bananas!  A light and flaky pie crust, a light layer of banana pudding on the bottom, followed by half the pie's depth of sliced bananas, topped with more banana pudding and then a layer of fresh whipped cream.  Chocolate cream pie ($5.75) - slightly less tall, but no less hunky!  Chocolate pudding in the same flaky pie crust, topped with a thick layer of fresh whipped cream.Oh boy, were they goooooooood!!!The fact that it was about 82 degrees OUTSIDE, 89 degrees INSIDE, and the place was still PACKED at 4pm on a Friday should tell you something about this place!Note:  a few parking spaces can be found in the back parking lot, and it's cash only!!I've been here numerous times, so my review spans almost a decade. If you ever watched back to the future, yeah, it's kind of like that. The place makes you feel like you arrived during the 60s in Hollywood during its heyday. However, somewhere along the line, similar to Beverly Hills, the poshness and glamour dissipated to a nostalgic sliver of its former greatness. The burgers lost their flare, the fries began to taste overly fried and frozen, and even the apple pie couldn't be saved by the scoop of vanilla ice cream.What happened to you Apple Pan? You used to be my girlfriend. Now you're just a friend.This is one of LA most controversial burger spots, and all the excuses for the nay-sayers are illegitimate, to put it lightly.Adored by all the folks I grew up with on the Westside, the Apple Pan is a historical landmark of epic tastiness. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? HELL YEAH! I highly suggest the "Hickory Cheesey," the Hickory Burger with a thick slice of Tilamook cheddar, and their near-perfect fries. The burger's barbecue sauce in combination with the chunk of hand-leafed iceberg lettuce "set off" this burger. It is my favorite burger in LA (along with the Double-Double, and the burger at Father's Office)The place hasn't changed much in the past 50 years, as you may notice from the original counter top and swivel stools. The waiters range from the smugly rude little fella on the left counter, to the always smiling Gordon on the right side. Gordon is the gray-haired monster of a man who is always working late nights, and is always happy to refill your ketchup plate without you needing to ask. I suggest sitting in his section; the other waiters can be a bit abrasive during rush hours.The fact is: you can get a very good burger at In-n-Out, but it doesn't have the same feel, the same taste, OR the ambiance. Even during my periods of unemployment, or as a struggling college student, I would happily pay 10 bucks for a burger and IBC root beer, here. The taste and the satisfaction after crammin' down a Hickory Cheesey at midnight is unmatched. And the hordes of people who line the walls during peak lunch and dinner can attest to that fact.If you haven't tried the place, save up your pennies, and hit the A-Pan at 11 o'clock at night, with a mellow beer buzz. You will almost certainly return for another experience... and another... and another.Old fashion hamburger joint. They only take cash so go prepare. The apple pie is very good. Feel like you went back in time.I'm weak for paper wrapped burgers. After all these years, I finally went to Apple Pan - spontaneously at that. I've heard such mixed reviews from friends and yelpers that after a while, I thought I would dismiss it.It's a dive burger "restaurant", eatery, whatever you want to call it. Seating is limited and is one long counter in the form of a U shape. Your server will be the grandpa who is a grumpy old man.  Be warned, he is moody.  He is happy then cranky and definitely looks at you as if you are an imbecile when the couple next to you asks if there is any desserts on the menu without dairy in it. THAT was a hoot.  I swear, I thought he was going to cuss out the couple, but he didnt. He will chuck your burger to you and slams down the utensils. This delightful character certainly makes eating a burger become an experience. The standard burger comes with relish, which I didn't know. So, unless you like your burgers with relish (I don't), ask for it without. Not sure why people dog this place so much, other than the pleasant poorly lit, dive ambiance. The burger is a perfect Enji burger. Not too big, not too small. Big piece of iceberg lettuce for the crunch and tomatoes. The bun was grilled toasty too. Love that. The fries were a bit overcooked, but still good. You have to order them seperately.The apple pie is very simple and tastes fresh with not too many other ingredients invading it. Yet, this coupled with the burger and fries combo beforehand was not a great dessert choice. Perhaps, if this is eaten on its own, I would have enjoyed it better. But why would I go to apple pan, just to eat the apple pie and leave without having the burger? Hmmmmmmmmm???? Now, why would I do that? Hmmmmmmmm???I'm glad that I finally tried it, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon and wait for a seat. Location: On a corner Parking: street or they have their own little parking lotEat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**When I first entered The Apple Pan, it was obvious the place was full of history and quite small. Luckily, I came at a time right before the peak of lunch time, so I was immediately seated. The seating is interesting. You've got a "U-shaped" diner-style counter and in the middle is the server who takes your order. Hickoryburger ($5.00):The burgers were definitely tasty but I felt the hickory sauce was a bit overpowering and I couldn't really taste the rest of the burger. $5 seemed a little steep for a regular tasting burger. It wasn't anything special to say the least. Apple Pie ($3.25):Now this is what I call an applie pie! This baby was so flaky and the crust was perfect, not too hard and not too soft. The texture was amazing as well. And the apple itself... rich in flavor and warm just right out of the oven! By far, one of the of the best slices of pie I've had in a long time! Don't add the ice cream on top, it'll ruin the natural taste. CONCLUSION:I would just go back for the apple pie and not so much for the burgers. I felt like In-n-Out burgers tasted better and for 1/5 of the price! But I say go for the apple pie and just try the burgers for the heck of it while you're there!It's places like this that make me very weary of LA landmarks. So far, I've found a near 90% correlation between being a place being called a LA fixture to total crapitude. EG:  Canters - Sucks         Clifton's - Sucks         Encounter - Sucks         Lawry's - Sucks         Tommys - Sucks Severely         Pinks - Super SucksAs to the Apple Pan, their hamburgers come with this signature hickory sauce and tastes like liquid smoke ass. To be fair, I doubt that they actually use liquid smoke, but the sauce is just as foul for being the real deal. Beware the landmarks, the locals know not of what they speak.This is a tough one to write.  I'm one of those nostaligia-clouded locals whose fondness for this joint perplexes all you clear-eyed transplants who think you know better.  And, to an extent, you do.I used to hit The Pan with my pops back when my palate was as underdeveloped as the LA burger scene.  I had a hickory and fries here on my first date with my first love.But the times they done changed.  And The Apple Pan doesn't quite hold up.  The burgers are good but nowhere approaching great.  Classic diner style.  Low-Medium quality beef, still addictive after all these years tangy BBQ sauce / ketchup mix, warm lettuce, and buns that just don't cut it in the era of brioche.  At this price point that is.  I think the pies are more overrated than the burgers.  They're as pricy as any high-quality locally sourced fruit-filled delicious hipster foodie pie you could find.  But they taste like cheap diner pies.  Which they are.  Except they're expensive.  Kind of a microcosm of The Apple Pan in general.  A place where for $20 you can enjoy a time-capsuled burger, fries, and slice of pie as you travel to the L.A. food scene of the 50s.... or, shit, maybe to your early childhood in the 80s.  $20 is an amazing deal for time travel.  It's just a bit much for slightly above average fast food.Wha--??!I just don't get it.... All this love for the Apple Pan...for what?REASONS I LOATHE THIS PLACE:1. No parking2. Dirty exterior and interior3. No place to sit4. Surly and rude customer service5. Takes forever to place and then receive order6. Prices are OUTLANDISH for what you get7. Repeat, the taste is nothing to write home about8. The pie ain't even that great compared to Marie Callendar's or House of Pies in Los FelizWith so many places to get a good burger in L.A., why come here?!To each his or her own, but I say, BLECCCH!I don't even know why I am writing a review on probably the most famous burger joint in L.A. but I wanted to put this on my eats for cheap list so here it goes.This place is the BOMB!  If you haven't gone and you have lived here for longer then a week, I'm shocked.  Never the less, I suggest you step away from the computer or if you have a Helio...please put it down.  Drive straight to Pico and Westwood Blvd.  Get a burger (grilled cheese if you want), fries, a coke and don't forget some apple pie with ice-cream.  If its the weekend, don't sleep on the boysenberry pie.There, I'm done!Oh yeah...the last time I was there, the waiter (if thats what you call them) came by, RIGHT AS I SAT DOWN and said..."you want fries, right?"  I said, "Sure" then he put them in front of me.  OK, I'm sure they were extra but that's the kind of shit I'm talking about!3.5 starsMy burger journey finally ends here. I am all burgered out but I am glad I end it here.Ambiance: Simple and old school. There is usually a  wait and it is a weird process. You just stand behind people. There isn't even a line to determine who came in first. I guess you are going by the honor system here. Hungry people = honest or ruthless to sit down and eat. Hmm...Food: The burgers are good! It is a good old-fashioned no frills type of burger. I have to say In-N-Out but better x3. That's what it tastes like. The fries are whatever though.Price: $7 per burger. $2.25 for fries. Basically In-N-Out prices x2. Cash only!So, is it worth the slight wait and price? Yea, why not. With all the hype, it is worth one try.One of the best traditional burgers I've ever had. Nothing fancy here - That hickory burger was just simply delicious. Also, usually, burgers fall apart when I pick them up and take that first bite, but this burger was built to hold.JONASAPPROVED!Is there any reason why one should venture to the west side?  Um, hrm, vurm, shrum... nope.  No reason at all.  If however you find yourself already there for a cockring convention or the "Oh, You Tease!" hairstyling contest or whatever the hell it is people do over there, you should probably go to the Apple Pan and take a few minutes to forget that you're stuck in the epicenter of everything that's wrong with Los Angeles.  The burgers are so good that they'll make you forget how much the area sucks.  The service is so good that it will make you forget that the old guys behind the counter have a perpetual look of  "everyone in the world is a stupid fuck" on their faces.  The patrons are so cool that you'll think, "Maybe the west side isn't so bad after all" and then you'll feel like a fool for trashing it for so long.  Then again, maybe you're just a dick and you can't help yourself.  And maybe the west side really does suck, but there IS a reason to go there.  It's called the Apple Pan.Hey angry man working at Apple Pan! Wipe that stern look off your face or you'll develop wrinkles between your brows real soon. My experience at The Apple Pan in itself was a completely disaster. The man behind the counter handed us our menus and wouldn't budge until we had decided what we wanted to order. A few minutes alone with me, myself, and the menu would be nice sir but instead I got a "you're wasting my time if you don't order soon" look from him the whole time I was contemplating over the menu. Oh..and did I mention that the restaurant was nearly empty when we went in. Angry man himself lost 2 stars in my review. Having my food plopped in front of my face (by angry man) easiillllyy subtracts another star from this joint. I was hoping Apple Pan could redeem itself with my final order of Banana Pie a la mode (since all the other reviewers raved about it) but the Banana Pie put an even bigger damp on my dining experience at Apple Pan. I couldn't help but think that the vanilla ice cream tasted cheap and that the tough pie crust tasted as if it was baked in an ancient (unwashed) baking pan. I have never had to force feed myself pie till I ate one at Apple Pan. One more star down.Only one star remains. All things aside...the hickoryburger wasn't half bad. I love ketchup and the fact that my burger was smothered in some sort of ketchup concoction gave Apple Pan 1 star in my book. The fries were also golden and crispy.Angry man you will never see my happy face make an appearance at Apple Pan again! *CASH ONLYI am sorry but I seriously don't understand why people are giving this place four or five stars. The food was definitely not even a three stars for me. The service was super fast and I guess the servers were kinda friendly.My first impression of the place was actually really good. When we first walked in, we were greeted with a huge whiff of freshly grilled hamburger patties. It was a cute, little diner with very limited seating. Luckily only two people were there before us. There was no sign up sheet or anything. People just waited out of respect and courtesy. Although there were two ladies that tried to jack the seats before it was their turn. They were super rude and made it seem like they were there before us by standing really close to us and at one point, pushed my friend without saying sorry after!! That kinda ruined the mood for me but whatevs, people started leaving and seats opened up for us.We sat down and quickly made our decision of getting the Steak Burger and Hickory Burger with an order of fries. The fries came out immediately but unfortunately, they were not that great, and slightly burnt. The server asked if we wanted ketchup and dumped a third of the bottle onto a plate for us. I'm sorry but that was just wasteful!! Our hamburgers quickly came after. I was so excited to take the first bite of my Steak Burger...I was definitely in for a surprise, but not a good one. Their "special" sauce overpowered the whole burger and the only thing I tasted was that disgustingness. The only good thing about that burger was the fresh lettuce. I took a bite of the Hickory Burger and it tasted sooo much better!! I think they used a special BBQ sauce for this burger and they definitely didn't put a ladle full of sauce on this burger like they did on the Steak Burger.So disappointed by the food, I was still willing to give this diner another try by ordering a slice of their apple pie with ice cream ($7.50!!!) because after all, this place was called The Apple Pan. Well folks, my disappointment continued. The apple pie wasn't anything good or special....nor was the crust.Final words.....NEVER coming back to this diner.Adorable Apple Pan, how do I love thee... let me count the ways:Hickory Burger with your inimitable sauce, thick hunk of crispy lettuce, crunchy & juicy dill pickles, perfectly cooked beef all juicy & tender, tasty bun, and an always sweet slice of onion.  You simply can not be beat !Twice cooked, Well Done Fries, so hot and crispy right out of the fryer, piled high to overflowing.  You are surely my favorite fries in town !Pecan Pie, so chock full of delicious pecans in your lovely, rich & thick sauce.  With fluffy mounds of real freshly whipped cream, you are such a sinful treat in my book !Waiters who keep me in the corner of their eye so they always seem to be there to bring whatever I need before I even quite realize I need it, you are so outstanding that all other wait staff everywhere should study from you !Cooks who prepare & assemble my food, you've got it all down to such a science, such a perfected routine, you never miss a beat !Boysenberry Pie with real fresh whipped cream, you are so delicious a temptation, I can never resist you beckoning me !Real Cream for my coffee, you are a delightful reminder of bygone times, you give me a happy ending to every meal !Ham Sandwich, you are so generously piled high with your wonderful smokey flavor and tender slices, and you partner so well with your thick sliced Swiss Cheese, your crispy cool lettuce and your fresh Rye Bread, I just have to bring you home with me !Jumbo Black Olives and Sweet Pickle slices, you are so perfect to accompany the lovely sandwiches on days when I'm not having my Hickory Burger !Tuna Sandwich and Egg Salad Sandwich, somehow you both seem better even than I can do at home, and I can do pretty well !Banana Cream Pie, you offer me such an abundance of yummy bananas along with your smooth, velvety custard filling, and you captivate me with your rich freshly whipped cream !Of course, dear Apple Pie, you show off enough goodness & warmth, even without a saucy topping, to get the whole place named after you.  I love how your waiters are quick to offer me both whipped cream & ice cream to join the party !  Some folks like you to wear your Cheddar Cheese hat to the party....  What a party, indeed !I really must mention how much I admire and appreciate your enduring tenacity in holding on to your ideals and traditions, hanging in there regardless of all the change going on around you.... You are truly one in a million and I am so lucky to know you !!I like it. It's got that what-a-cruel-world-let's- toss-ourselves-in-the-abyss type ambience. [A counter, stools, and chefs flippin' burgers. The end]Now I've seen a lot of bullshit... angel dust, switchblades, sexually perverse photography involving tennis rackets...[but these guys are serious about their burgers and pie]This isn't just a spoke in my menstrual cycle. [These burgers are fantastic!][Take a date!] It will be very. The [burgers] will give her shower-nozzle masturbation material for weeks.[Apple Pan] is God, let's go get a Slushie.I first ate here in the late 1950's when I was a child.  It still serves the same menu and the same quality of grease-grilled hamburgers that are really, really good.This is yet another "institution" in Los Angeles' Westside.  A three sided-rectangle of booth seating, only, in a very small space.  I can't tell you how many times I have waited to get a seat, standing in one corner or another, to sit down when someone gets up.  BTW - there's kind of an honor system, not monitored by the waiters.... its first come and first served.  I've seen my share of "who's first" squabbles over the seating.Besides burgers, they serve a great White Meat Albacore tuna sandwich (took a picture and uploaded it.... take a look), which I get half the time.  The fries here compete with the best I've ever had.The pies....oh, those pies.  If only I was underweight.... The apple pie here is tremendous.  My suggestion is, if you're going to do a slice, go all the way with ice cream and their hot apple sauce.  Wow.  Seasonally, they have fruit pies change from time to time.Eat hardy!Fast (and I mean fast) servers and great burgers!I love the burgers and the well done fries, but  the most fun is watching the servers do their job at lightening speed.  The same servers that have been there since I first went about 7 years ago.  If you even 'think' that you might need a napkin, they are right there handing it to you.  Best Burgers in LA....We usually get the Hickory Burger with cheese and their french fries.oh so yummy its soooo delicious. If you live or near the pico blvd, in west hollywood, definitely a try and a MUST!!The only drawback is waiting for a seat at the counter (it's only counter)  You just have to hope everyone will go in turn. No chairs outside or anything, just the inside counter and you would have to wait if you decide to dine in. not unless you take out to go.Still...definitely worth the counter and parking is a hasstle.Pros: Bomb a** burgers and friesCons: Parkingi don't think you even want to know what i went through in my first FAILED attempt to eat here. SO LETS SKIP to my first SUCCESSFUL attempt!i'd consider this one of them hole-in-the-wall type of restaurants that's like a TIME MACHINE blast to the past!! i even heard one of the customers come in with his son and say "yup look at that wall paper, nothings changed"the waiters are a little blunt and in-your-face.. but i think it's that vibe which makes it seem like that stereotypical "Ed" running the dinner from back in the day if you know what i mean!..yup seating is just one u shaped counter.. but they ask customers to shift seats a bit if you need seating!i came late after dinner so this review is for DESSERT ONLY. which many other customers seemed to be doing as well.. but BANANA CREAM PIE WAS DELICIOUS AND ONE OF MY TOP 2 FAVORITES.. (susina's still being the best of course)..  apple pie was okay .. LET THEM KNOW whether you want the sauce on the pie or not.. or else it'll come out drenched and if you wanted it dry you gotta ask them for another slice! (which they will nicely do free of charge)don't expect presentation!!.. yeah the whipped topping was kind of drooping off my pie.. BUT THAT DID NOT EFFECT THE TASTE.. nice thin crunchy crust.. gooey banana filling.. just the way i like itwebsite menu is a little OUT OF DATE.. a slice will put you back around 5 bucks instead of around 3 nowApple Pan, without a doubt, serves one of the best hamburgers in So-Cal. Possibly California.However, if you are expecting a casual, slow, sit-down experience, this is not your place. It's usually quite crowded, and there is always a short wait to sit down.Apple Pan first opened it's doors way back in 1947, and operating continuously ever since. The menu choices are simple. So simple, you should only need 30 seconds or less to decide what you want once you're seated at the counter. The time you spent waiting to sit down will suddenly compensated by fast service that will leave first-timers spinning. Let me quote briefly from the book 'LA Bizzaro' (if you don't have a copy, get one pronto):"..A no-nonsense waiter slams a menu and a blank ticket down on the counter in front of you, and glares blankly in anticipation of your order crumbling under the pressure to make a snap decision, a quick  look at the menu (a quick look is all you need anyway) prompts an exchange between waiter and customer- The apple Pan rite of passage- which usually goes something like this:"WHAWOULDYLIKE?""Um...I think I'll have a Hickory Burg...""CHEESE?""No thank...""FRIES?""Yes Plea...""COKE?""Ye..."BAM!- the paper cup filled with ice and coke hits the Formica.BAM! an order of perfect fries ""KETCHUP?""Yes, plea..."BAM! a small brown paper place filled with ketchup. Seconds later, a perfect burger wrapped in wax paper.."The goal of Apple Pan is to get you in, feed you, and get you out. Nothing else. And if you linger long after your meal, you'll be told to order something else, or vacate your seat for another paying customer.This is the Apple Pan dining experience. It may sound rough, rude and rushed. But the burgers are so good, that it doesn't matter.I'd heard a lot about the Apple Pan, so I came with high expectations, which more often than not is a recipe for disappointment.  The Apple Pan was no exception. First of all, the Apple Pan is NOT a place to go to relax and chat with friends.  I came here with a couple friends whom I hadn't seen in a while, and I hoped that we'd be able to catch up a bit over dinner.  But as soon as we walked in, we became preoccupied with trying to figure out the unorganized waiting system.  When we finally did jump on a seat, the mass of people standing at the walls hovering over our plates made us feel pressured to eat our food as quickly as possible.  I found myself feeling guilty every time I opened my mouth to say something instead of opening it to take another chomp out of my burger.  A fight broke out next to us over a couple free seats.  I realize some people like this kind of atmosphere, but I found the whole thing too chaotic to enjoy.I ordered a hickory burger, fries, and apple pie a la mode.  I thought the burger was pretty good, but it definitely wasn't the best burger I've had.  For all the fanfare that LA burger joints receive, I still haven't found one that beats either burger from Swenson's in Akron, Ohio or The Winking Lizard in Cleveland.  The fries were downright below average, but the pie was good -- I'd rate it around the same level as the burger.  Unfortunately, the old-fashioned diner atmosphere didn't include old-fashioned diner prices, with a slice of pie and ice cream costing about $7.50 and smallish burger and fries for about $8.50.Bottom line: decent food, but not worth the price or the tension to go again.I wasn't even hungry. I had come back from a late lunch and from drinking loads of fruity fluids from jamba juice and coffee bean which I attempted to burn off by running 2 miles before dinner but I was still feeling pretty full. However, we had decided to go to Apple Pan last night and I didn't want to rain check it since I was looking forward to burger night for a while now. BF was hella starving and he hadn't been to Apple Pan in a long time (I, never) so we trekked out there (like 5 min, haha). I forgot everything I read in the yelp reviews, which may have given me a more objective pov.We walk in around 8 30pm and see that all the seats at the rectangular counter are occupied. three groups of people were in front of us, but busy on the phone. Two seats clear up and we ask the people in front of us if they want to sit, but they tell us to go ahead (really!?..alright if you insist).A old man (between 60-90 years old...big range, i know, but it's hard to tell after a certain age) with an incredible dry sense of humor hands us the menu. We were thinking he's probably the owner or someone the owner thought to hire to give it that old skool feel. I order the steak burger and my BF orders the Hickory burger. We get an order of fries with diet coke, root beer to go along with it.The old man brings us our drinks. They come in paper cone cups, nestled in a metallic holder. I was like whoa. That's pretty cute. Hhehe. I don't know why but it made me feel like Hello Kitty. It's pretty fascinating to watch the cooks behind the brick wall tearing up the lettuce heads and cooking the buns. Our order of fries are slammed in front of us. The mountain of buttery french fries were just yelping to be devoured. I reach for a bottle of ketchup to pound out the sauce but the old man comes back, suavely takes a bottle of ketchup and pours it out onto a ketchup paper plate, mumbling a joke about how slow I am. Haha. this guys is freaking hilarious. Reminds me of "grumpy old men" even though i never saw that movie. Our burgers come. we take our pictures as we always do before devouring our meals and i check out my steakburger (i ordered it without the cheese). Two buttery buns bookending half a head of iceberg lettuce, a juicy patty with some sort of relish ketchup combo sauce. I take a bite. WHoa. It's like the first time I had an In-N-Out burger when I was only used to eating big mac's. My burger was like a greasier /juicier version of an In-N-Out burger with cuter and more buttery buns. the relish sauce gave it a nice kick. I had a bite of my BF's Hickory burger. I'd have to say it really kicked my steak burger's a$$. Next time I'm totally getting that. The fries were 90% gone when we left. It was buttery and crispy and soft and big. Nice. While eating, I thought I'd regret it afterwards because the complete meal was this buttery piece of heaven but surprisingly, I didn't feel like crap afterwards like I usually do when I eat something hella greasy like pink's hot dogs or porto's potato balls.The size of the burgers were also appropriate. Not too gargantuan. It was the perfect pre-america-gone-supersized portion.We tipped the old man generously for providing us with light amusement throughout dinner. I was a bit surprised to come back here to read all these reviews saying that the service is bad and the staff is grumpy. I think they're playing the grumpy character but if you can hear through the grumbles and listen to the jokes, it's actually cute funny. QUALITY FOREVER!!!!3.5 starsLong story short: Still not my favorite in LA, but things were much better this time so I take back some of the things I said before.... SOMELong story long:If you read my original review, I did not like this burger.  I was not impressed.  And from someone who claims to be a connoisseur of burgers, it means a lot.  At least it means a lot to me.One night I was hanging out at Scoops Westside near closing time and a tradition of sorts for the owner is going to Apple Pan.  Initially reluctant, I agreed to go after being effectively persuaded.  Oh the mysterious power of a pretty girl, hahaha.  I'm just saying...I will forgo the description of decor and all that jazz because well, it's all the same.This time I got the original steakhouse burger.  We shared a couple orders of fries and I got a cream soda.  Mind you I actually wasn't THAT hungry, and was still feeling reluctant this entire time, but when I took the first bite, my initial sentiments changed a little for the better.  My friend asked how it was and I had to admit that it was better than the first time.  I finished the burger satisfied and glad that I opted to join my friends.This still isn't my favorite burger in LA, but it definitely made a better effort this time to impress me.Oh man did I want to like this place way more than I did. What a bummer! If I was ever to come back to this place it would be solely for the banana cream pie and nothing else.We must have arrived in perfect time because at 1:30 pm we scored a parking spot in the back, a seat at the counter and not a second wait. 15 minutes later the place was overflowing. Phew!The guy waiting on us was so weird. He was crazy efficient but not at all friendly, not a smile, not a bit of polite conversation, nothing. He would sort of drop stuff on our table and walk away. I know you're busy but you can still be nice!I had the steak burger; CP had the hickory burger. Neither of us were very happy with it. Mine was okay. I liked the pickles and lettuce but that secret sauce, whatever it is, yeah, that doesn't work for me. It's very weird and I didn't like it. And, I know this is nitpicking, but I also didn't like that the burgers don't come with plates, or a tray or an anything so that I don't feel like I'm dripping my burger grease all over the counter. It made me feel like a slob.The redeeming factor of this enormously sub par (2 star) experience? Um YUM banana cream pie. It was loaded with bananas, the crust was scrumptious and I couldn't have made it better myself. It's potentially worth a trip but not definitely.For almost $30 this just was not worth it. I don't know how this was so built up in my head but I have to say, it was a sad, sad lunch.The Apple Pan is like a smooth talking traveling salesman.  On the surface, everything is great; they have the diner nostalgia aesthetic down in a way that makes a place like Cafe 50's look like a tawdry draggle-tail by comparison.  The service is fast and responsive, which should be a given in a place so small.  But on top of that, the service is also charming, and meshes well with the overall feel of the place.But underneath this charmingly greasy veneer lies a less charming, but still greasy, underbelly.  $6.35 for a hamburger?  Plus $0.50 for cheese?  The food is good, but it's not THAT good.  Their turnover is high, but I guess not high enough.  Same thing with the pie.  Expect to pay at least $5 for a slice, plus another two dollars for ice cream or whipped cream.  Come on, Apple Pan.  $7 for a slice of pie?  That's teetering on the edge of Apple Panhandling.  ha!Jokes aside, this place will empty your wallet faster than Harold Hill.  But, unlike Harold Hill, I guess it won't make you feel empty inside.  The place always seems to be packed, so I guess enough people think it's worth the price.  I'm just not one of them.That banana cream pie was pretty ill though.  Maybe one day it will pull me back.People of Yelp:Please try every once in a while to understand what a place is for what it is.  The Apple Pan is not a place where your waiter will check up on you to see how you are doing every 5 minutes and kiss your ass.  And that's part of the charm.  Yeah, the seating isn't the most convenient, but again-- it's part of the unique throwback experience offered by The Apple Pan. This is by far the best burger in LA with fast and reliable service.  And to all those people who complain about it being cash only: Get off your fat ass and walk to the Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo which are all located less than a block away.This is one of those classic LA institutions that has been around forever. And in LA, which pretty much shuns history, that's really hard to do. Still seven years in LA and I still haven't been to Apple Pan yet? Is this really one of the best burgers in LA or like my opinion of In'N'Out, just overrated?Well, I came there late around 10:30pm on a Thursday night. Still busy although not too much where I couldn't get seated right away. It's all 50's style diner counter. No tables. All old-school right down to the cash register. Which means like the Pantry downtown, it's all cash-only. Forget plastic.After sitting around for about five minutes, this crusty, old waiter came to me with a facial look of 'what'dya want'? Well, considering I didn't yet receive a menu, it's kind of hard to order. Yea, don't waste too much time here and indeed after I received my menu, I got my order and was out in about 15 minutes. This would be telling later.I went with the staples. Burger, Fries. Didn't order a drink because all the sodas are out of a can. Pass. Stuck with H20. Got my fries first and it's a pretty big order of fries. Somewhat thick and definitely hot out of the fryer, it was exactly what I was looking for that night. They tasted like they were frozen, not fresh-cut but at least they were hot! Waiter then proceed to take out a second plate and started to pour ketchup on it. Guess they figure you want to dip them but I didn't. I kindly told him to stop and he took the plate away.Burger came a couple of minutes later. It's a lot like In'N'Out. Fresh made, a bit thicker than an In'N'Out or Habit burger and pretty tasty. Bun was standard issue. No seeds and fluffy. Decided to pass on the pie since it was a bit on the pricey side and it was late. Overall, good experience.Until about a few hours later.Yep. Food poisoning. Was in the bathroom off and on for about an hour and a light, definitely no ground anything) for the next two days. I was going to give Apple Pan three, maybe even four stars. But how can I now?Even without the incident, Apple Pan would not have been on my best burger list. It was good, but at almost seven bucks not including the fries, it was definitely overpriced and you're paying for the overall experience of being at a legendary restaurant. Maybe next time if I want to go somewhere with history, I'll head to Musso and Frank. As long as it doesn't make me sick.Cash Only... Really?What is this? The 18th century?!  It's 2012.  To me, Cash is the guy Jessica Alba married."But Eric, there's an ATM right across the street!"Give me a break.  I'm supposed to walk across the street to get money and THEN come eat?! Ridiculous.   Why don't I just respond to my mom's text message by snail mail.  I'll give my text/letter (that says "lol") to John Smith of the Pony Express to deliver.  As long as John's oxen don't die fording the river on the Oregon trail, my mom will know I laughed at her joke by next Monday.My point: Cash Only for a completely average burger?   GTFO.  (Go To Father's Office)There's nothing like LA foodies to overhype a mediocre hamburger. 483 quick tips recommended the hickory burger and apparently, 483 of those reviews were written "high". Seriously, Why is this place getting 4 stars. There's apparently an extra star for it's unique burger bar ambience and drinks served in paper cups...oooooo aaahhhh. I think my taste buds have been spoiled by Father's office and Rush Street. Even franchised favorites like In-N-Out and Five Guys trump this dive. I'de give it two stars, but the my paper cupped Soda was well worth the wait...APPLE PAN IS GREAT!!!The first time I went there it was full! I hated it. Then we took the food to go  and loved the hamburguers (tip: do not take your fries to go. i did and they sucked, when I ate there again the fries were delicious).I went there today with my boyfriend and it wasnt full. We got a seat after 5 minutes there and I ordered a hickory burguer. Delicious, I love that one. I tried the steak burguer that my bf got but I didnt like it. He asked for the banana pie cream - or something similar - and it was delicious, but pricey $5,50.The guy behind the counter was nice but always in a hurry so it looks like, at first, that he is mad but its just because he has to serve so many people at the same time!I will definitely go back again.The big problem I have with the Apple Pan is their seating free for all.  The horseshoe of seats is so limited that prospective customers end up milling about along the walls waiting for a seat to free up.  Instead of doing what civilized restaurants do - having a list for people to write their name or a hostess call out who's next - the Apple Pan is like Black Friday all the time.  It's every man for himself, so feel free to cut in front of people, get into heated arguments, or resort to fisticuffs to get your seat at a counter to eat an overrated hamburger.That's right.  For years I thought this place was overrated.  I'd see it on many top 10 burger lists in LA, and I'd shake my head in disbelief.  The steakburger is a decent burger, but I question ranking it that high in a city known for having great burgers.  When you factor in the Lord of the Flies-like seating ordeal, it tends to be not worth the hassle.However, I recently found out I've been doing it wrong.  The reason you want to go to the Apple Pan and suffer through that horseshoe of death is because they have the best tuna sandwich in the city.  I swear it's like the tuna grew up in a sea of crack, having a lifetime to osmose the drug into their veins, so when it is spread on a sandwich, your taste buds are in a drug-induced stupor of happiness.  The sandwich is that good!  It does things you didn't know a tuna sandwich could do.  It still loses a point for the seating violence though.The Apple Pan is the closest thing LA has to an institution like NYC's Katz's Deli. I first went back in 1999 when I moved out to Cali. I have always ordered the same thing: The Hickory Burger with Tillamook Cheddar. It is a very filling burger. Every now and then I will order a slice of banana cream pie if I'm really hungry.Their burgers eat very similarly to In N Out burgers. This place is O-L-D. The place still uses cash registers from the Great Depression. By the way, this place is CASH ONLY. However, it does have charm in an old school diner way. Parking can be difficult to find.I'm a lover of Los Angeles' iconic eateries, this being one of them. So why only 3 stars? For one thing, it's to give them room to grow in my heart and earn more stars for subsequent visits. Secondly, I was taken aback tonight by the sudden price difference between the actual price for things and the menu they have posted online. I came by with some friends earlier tonight. Each of us were craving a slice of pecan pie. The website had this at $3.50. We get there and it's $5.75 a slice, plus an extra $2 if you want ice cream or whipped cream with it. The hamburgers were also in the neighborhood of $8, as opposed to $5 online. I know times is tough, but when they only accept cash and we were expecting a much lower tab amount, it was kind of difficult to walk away entirely satisfied. Still, the pie was quite good and while the coffee tasted a little burned, it was piping HOT and there was no charge for the refill. Looking forward to future visits.So clearly this is an LA tradition. Had been here many times in the pre-Yelp era. Left LA, and I wanted some of this goodness. Well, I can safely say that Apple Pan's burgers & fries are as delicious as they ever were.It's no fancy burger -- and this is LA, home to many, many fancy burgers -- but it still deserves it place in the burger echelon. Theirs clearly belongs to the INOB, Astro Burger, etc. end of things as opposed to an Umami burger or something of the sort. I can definitely dig the old-timey feel of the place -- from having a can soda served in a wax paper cup, to the old school cash register. I also appreciate that when we last went, they were super quick about getting our food out in spite of it being sorta busy. We had just rolled out of Pauley Pavilion and as much as we love the new digs over there, arena food is still arena food. So we were definitely down for a burger and fries.But you know what's kinda lame? I don't remember it costing so much when I used to frequent this place years and years ago. A hickory burger, fries, and a drink ran us almost $20, and we didn't even get to partake in any apple pie. I mean, the burgers are good -- but not that good for the price they're charging.Still, it's such a classic spot that you have to hit it up. Just wish it wasn't so expensive!Ah....  where to begin.  Let me preface my review with the fact that I just came from my first time at the Apple Pan and was not impressed.  My stomach and wallet get a little sensitive/on edge after a less than satisfactory dining experience and they tend to do the talking when I YELP.  So if the frustration of a pissed off stomach and a gutted wallet come off as the rantings of a crazy man please bear with me.  My stomach and wallet just want to speak their peace.I had read articles/reviews listing the Apple Pan as one of the most popular/best hamburger joints in LA,  that it was an institution of sorts.  I had also garnered the impression that most people after eating there become Apple Pan disciples or come away feeling like it was really over-hyped.  I decidedly fall under the second category.  The Apple Pan is WAY fucking over-hyped and WAY fucking overpriced.  I would say excuse my language, but feel that some F-bombs help capture the depth of my dissatisfaction.  I went with two friends who were also curious to experience this LA institution.  As I drove to the Apple Pan, I expected it would be a kind of trendy, semi-upscale diner.  Because I heard their burgers where a bit on the pricey side I think I expected something along the lines of a burger joint like "The Counter" or even a "Johny Rocket's" type vibe,  where they justify the high price of the burger because of the decor, the service,  maybe the wide range of burger toppings, or by touting the high quality of their ingredients (i.e. hormone free, free range, all grass fed, freshly ground beef) etc.  Plus it's in Westwood.However upon arriving I was thrown off by the fact that it was a very simple diner.  It looked like a "cheap eats" kind of place from afar, a hole in the wall.  I got excited to eat, but it was all an illusion that evaporated away like the money in my wallet after this meal.  (3 burgers, 2 fries, 3 soft drinks [cans of coke, NO REFILLS mind you], and 3 pieces of pie = $55!)  Cash only.  Good thing there was a Wells Fargo across the street or I would have been stuck working off my bill.The place sits maybe 30  people at a time at a counter.  There are no booths or tables, which is no big deal, but the sitting system is all wacked out and strictly on the honor code.  A lot of the other reviews are pretty spot on about the crappy seating system.  Not to mention that once you ACTUALLY get seats you have people hovering behind you as you eat.The service was spotty, I didn't get the friendly service some people mention in other reviews, dare I say  bordering on being hamburger-Nazi-esque.  They looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for tomato and onions on my burger!  Almost expected them to say "NO BURGER FOR YOU!"  They don't believe in onions or tomatoes at the Apple Pan, and I was promptly denied.   Fine, whatever.   They have two burgers: the steak burger with a relish/ketchup sauce, or the hickory burger, with BBQ sauce.  WOW,  The options are mind blowing (sarcasm much?)  The fries were pretty decent, they reminded me of Wendy's Fries.  The pie was really good.   I would go back for the pie, but would order it to go.However, what TRULY bugged me the most was the feeling taken for granted.  The pretentious and smug trendy-ness of it all .  That it was a privilege to eat there.  I felt like you do when standing in line for a club and they make you stand in a long line to make it look like the place is where it's at.  But when you do get in, there is no one inside and its not that good, but the bouncers and bartenders treat YOU like you should be kissing THEIR ASS cuz they let you in. As far as the Apple Pan being an old school burger joint...  it might have been that 30 or 40 years ago, but today it's just a place that serves decent food (at a high price), above average pie, and the illusion to people in Westwood that they are eating at  a hole in the wall restaurant they discovered off the beaten.  What bullshit.  Never mind that the Apple Pan is right across the street from one of the ritzier areas in LA.   If you're gonna spend 20 dollars on a hamburger meal, at least go to a place like The Counter where you pay for little luxuries.  Don't pay 20 dollars to dine at a faux old school diner!!!  Do you know why?!?!  Because there are plenty of REAL old school diner's in LA that make hamburgers that are equally tasty and will only cost you 6 bucks a meal.   Troy's Burger's and The Bucket in Eagle Rock are great.  Jim's Burger in Hawthorne is also good and there are countless others.  Hell go to Fatburger,  Tommy's, TomBoy's or even In&Out!!  LA is a burger town people!.  You can do better than the Apple Pan if you're looking for an old school burger joint.Stopped by here on a whim for lunch. My bf ordered the hickory burger, while I had the ham sandwich on rye. Although we expected the burger to be too rich, the hickory sauce was surprisingly light and pickle-y, and complemented the rest of the burger pretty well. Ham sandwich was average, and nothing to really write home about. Kind of wish it came toasted, instead of cold. - 4 starsFor dessert, we of course had to try their apple pie. Was NOT disappointed. My main qualms with most apple pies are tasteless/thick crusts and over-sweetened apple filling, and this was not a problem here. Pie came out hot and fresh, with a thin, crumbly crust, and perfectly cooked apples. Mmm.What really merits my esteem for them, however, is the service:1. Ordered the iced tea, and NEVER had to ask for a refill. Was always full and ready for me to drink by the time I looked over.2. As we were eating, the waiter would come by and pick up our used napkins, and hand us clean ones (even though there were napkin dispensers right next to us). 3. After dessert, the waiter gave me a to-go box for my sandwich, unprompted. And after I packed it in, he even put it in a paper bag for me.4. TIP: This place is cash only. Didn't know that, and only had big bills on me. Despite a sign saying that they don't take anything over $20 bills, waiter took my money without any hassle.- 5 starsOVERALL (4.5 stars):A very quaint, retro, diner-ish joint. Although their burgers are pretty good, their pies (if not anything else, do get pie!) are even better, and their service is the best. A bit pricey, though, but worth it for that occasional cozy experience.Not bad, not fantastic.  But it is archaic, and classical hole-in-the-wallish.  Although, the prices for the burger are anything but.I know I see a grip of reviews about this place being overrated... well... compared to what?  This is NOT a gourmet burger place.  Apple Pan doesn't even belong in the same freakin' ball park as DG Burger nor Standing Room, Father's Office, what-have-you.  I put Apple Pan in the league that features The Habit, Five Guys, Hawkins House of Burgers, Fat Burger, etc.  It is of that classification: phyla, family, genus, species of hamburgers. (With hamburg steak at the primordial level of a jelly fish; steak tartare, a Porifera/sponge.The beef patties are old-school thin, cooked thoroughfare, not medium-rare.  If I had to draw comparisons... it's like a bigger In-n-Out burger.  The sponge-dough bun, the lettuce, the beef patty; they're very similar, just more of it.  Twice as big, but costs 3-times as much.  The separating factor is the hickory sauce.  That's what makes the Apple Pan burger, an Apple Pan burger.  So if you love In-n-out, and you love robust hickory/BBQ-type sauce, this is the burger for you.I guess if you're also a germophobe, and can't stomach a burger that isn't cooked well-done, then this is also probably for you.The fries... like any independent burger joint fries.  Just like Jim's Burgers, Alpha-Omega, or other greasy spoon burger place.Business is packed as hell though, and there's only counter-seating.  No A/C. Plenty of ceiling fans.  Yeah, this shack has survived from back in the day.My preference... take the order to go.  Parking across the street at Westside Pavilion mall is 3-hours free, and easier to find a park spot.  Rather than wait for a seat, I'll take the nicely temperature moderated foodcourt in the mall.  Plenty of seats, and sky lighting.Bon Qui Qui is not happy that one of these reviewers called this place a tourist trap.  SECORITY!  SECORITY!Come on, now.  These burgers are so delicious.  You can watch the cook make your food as you sit there at the counter with your root beer and well-done fries and the ketchup the counterman poured out for you on a chinette plate.  The cook piles the lettuce up into a little bed on which to rest the meat.  That burger is wrapped up and put in front of your face in like, two minutes.  The apple pie has hot glaze on it.  And those old dudes are so cool and sweet.  When I come here, I feel like the chick in Hopper's Nighthawks painting.  Like Philip Marlowe's gonna walk in and order a cup of coffee.  Like James Ellroy's sitting on the other side of the U-shaped counter making fun of the ketchup stain on my shirt.  As well he should.Ever since I was 5 and after every AYSO game, my mom and dad would bring me here even though we lived up on Mulholland Dr and the games were played in Beverly Hills, yeah a bit off route but whatever. I dont come here as much anymore, but everytime I do come I think to myself "If I had to eat 2,000 calories in a single meal, this is where I would come" Their hamburgers are grilled to perfection, and their root beer floates are TOO DIE FOR!!!! then again you might die from a cardiac arrest or something if you come and get as many items off the menu as 3 or 4 for yourself..The building is like a stubborn little kid who wants to sit/be placed around all the big kids, and this deserves to be with the big kids.That burger was just what I needed for a quick meal. This is my favorite fast food joint! Wait, what? What do you mean this isn't In N Out? Why the hell would I pay three times the price for something I can get from a drive through?Yes, the fries are deliciously scalding and the service surprisingly speedy but the $7 Hickory Burger with cheese wasn't much better than a $2 cheeseburger from In N Out. The pecan pie was pretty tasty but not $6/slice +$2/a la mode tasty. That damn pie better have just come out of your grandmother's oven for that price.Yes, finally I made my trip here. It is a small tiny space, filled with ppl seating at the counter. It was 2pm in the afternoon, not the busiest time of the day, but still full of ppl. Had the burger, it is really Delicious. Price is okay, $6.70 I think. The combination of the bun, the pickles, the lettuce, the meat, made it right to taste. I don't say the meat itself is great, if you eat itself, it is just okay. but the combination of everything made it great. Cream pie: pie crust is very crunchy, well balanced with the inner banana texture. The banana filling smells so fragrant, making me think they use some unnatural ingredient. Obviously it tastes good, but I'm worried it might not do good to me.Don't expect warm service, it is an old old diner place serving good food. I only care about the taste, if I just wanna eat, I'm not on a date.Not a big deal... the EXACT same hamburger is available at In-N-Out Burger for half the price.what you're REALLY paying for is old school 50's decor, which granted is extremely cute but not essential to my dining experience.  parking anywhere in westwood is a nightmare, give yourself plenty of time and come with quarters.  also like a lot of places refusing to come into the 21st century, these guys do not accept credit cards...thereby effectively cutting their revenues by half.*LATEST UPDATE*: ok, so i recently read on some top 10 list on the internet that this place is rated one of the top 10 burger joints in the U.S.A.  i STILL....ADAMANTLY.....DISAGREE.... these burgers are a joke. nothin but shits and giggles man...as a former journalist, i can tell you that "top 10 lists" are done mostly by the interns who never actually travel across the country to try the burgers themselves.  top 10 lists are totally regurgitated material from other top 10 lists that get passed down over the years.  if you trace back far enough someone probably did have a good experience at the Apple Pan, but i don't give a lot of these lists much thought anymore.the only top 10 burger list i value was on Oprah. remember when her friend went around the country and did short segments on the best burger joints...now those are some serious burgers.  SO! the best burger i've had in L.A.?  Izzy's Deli makes a Patty Melt that smacks the sarcasm out of my mouth.no lie... sucka foo..Walking in, you instantly feel transported back to the 50s. There are no tables, it's just bar seating. Waiting for a vacant spot can be taxing, especially with all the jerks who just walk in and snatch it before the other people who have been waiting!!The menu is simple- burgers, sandwiches, fries, sodas. And pie! Fries come out piping hot and greasy, mmmm. I ordered the hickory burger with cheese... because let's face it, what burger ISN'T good with tillamook cheddar?? I have no idea what their "special sauce" is, but it's delicious. The meat is good too!! The burger also had some of the crispiest, freshest lettuce I've ever had in a burger. My sister had their swiss sandwich and it was huge. I was BURSTING full after, but we just had to share a slice of apple pie, with ice cream of course. The pie was super cinnamon-packed and came out warm! Love love.The place was SUPER PACKED nonstop, and the poor guys behind the counter were running around trying to serve everyone, but I can see how Apple Pan is an LA institution.Picked up Apple Pan for dinner recently and the wait to grab a seat was long, as usual. I got the steakburger and J got the tuna sandwich. I've never had the tuna before and it was really good! I still wanted a burger, so I totally inhaled mine. I love their sweet pickles (on the side). I didn't get their pies this time, but I know it's still amazing!Parking is still a beeeeeeeeeyotch. Park at Westside Pavilion and walk over... =)Dining at the apple pan is more the experience, not absolutely amazing food.  Don't get me wrong, they have decent burgers and fries, but the great part about this place is it takes you back in time.  There is something very quaint and nostalgic about sitting on those diner stools and drinking from the conical paper cups.The burgers are nothing spectacular.  And for some reason, their pickles/relish is super super sweet.  I always order without.  I would recommend the tuna melt.  It is not on the menu, but they will gladly make one for you and it is better that any of the burgers I've tried there.Yes, it's a little on the expensive side and the seating is very limited but it's worth it, at least once, for that priceless morsel of LA history you'll get along with your meal.If time lapse photography had been popular a hundred years ago, I would set my lens with The Apple Pan in dead center. It's as though the entire city has changed around this last relic, leaving it exactly as it was so long ago, when red plaid wall paper was considered cutting-edge design and sliced bread was Time magazine's Man of the Year. This place is old. But it's kept up well! And with the current hipster burger craze sweeping the nation, there is hardly ever an empty seat to be found. Had I not come with a local, I would've been instantly turned off by the mass of people disorganizedly (word?) milling about/stalking other diners gluttonously devouring burgers and fries. We waited about 20 minutes for a couple of seats and ordered Hickory burgers, which is basically the regular one with a proprietary BBQ sauce. It's mighty tasty. The fries were good too, but I'm a meat lady. The best part was when my iced tea was getting low, and the guy manning the counter, without even looking at me or the glass, ballet'd over with the iced tea jug and freshened me up without a word. That, my friends, is service. You can keep the smile.A damn good burger piled high with lettuce, tomato and red relish. The whole model here is get in, get a seat, stuff your face and get the hell out because there's a line of people waiting for your counter seat. I can see how some may find the service rude, but I found it friendly and it added character to the joint.The two things that suck are figuring out who's next in line for a seat and they have no shakes or malts.I think the thing that makes it 5-stars for me it's uniqueness. When you walk in, all you see is burgers on the grill and people stuffing their face with them.Ah, Apple Pan. We meet again. It's not like you haven't beat me with your pie and hickory burger (with the patty pulled out) every single time before, but I'm enthusiastic. I'll keep trying.What's not to like about this place? Even I, the king of the complainers, can think of not a thing to dislike. Even better than the food are the old guys cooking it. The one with glasses would be my boyfriend if my boyfriend wasn't against me having an extra boyfriend. Until then, I must admire him from the far end of the counter.Five stars.First time coming here was a little embarrassing. At least I could not have been the only one. 11AM on a Sunday, last night's makeup won't come off after 2 washes with powerful face cleanser, headache from hell, dehydration a threat, in serious need of grease and.... apple pie??? YES YES YES!!!First off, this place is adorable. Everything is stuck in the 50's and I love it! Super old looking cash register, juke box, the sodas come in cone cups! The cooks look like they have worked their whole lives there and are very happy about it. Everyone seems happy! I splurged.. hickory burger, iced tea and apple pie. All of it was amazing. Now that I have been there a few times, I can't believe how lucky we were to get 4 seats at the bar the first time. The place gets packed so either come early be patient. Any way, it's in my top 7 of burgers in LA and should be on your bucket list if you live on the west side.Apple Pan is an old Los Angeles favorite.  This establishment opened in 1947 and not much has changed since then.  The menu now is virtually identical to the 1947 menu, except with the addition of diet coke, I do believe. I don't think much has changed with the design either. The seating arrangement is all counter with red leather rotating bar stools, forming a U-shape and surrounding the central cooking and food preparation area. I try to go during off hours so I can get parking in the back and not have to wait, standing against the wall for seating.  First come, first serve, but I get anxious thinking someone who came after me will try to steal my seat and I'll have to lay the smack down. I always order the same: Hickory Burger and fries for the main course. I love the root beer, but trying to be calorie conscious (and save room for dessert), I typically order a diet coke. I like how the drinks are served - poured in paper cone-shaped cups, secured by tin cup holders. Old school chic.  I'm a big fan of this no-fuss burger with rich hickory flavor.  It can be pretty messy though, so I advise not going to this joint on a first date. The fries are good, medium sized with a nice crisp, not soggy at all. I've had the apple pie a la mode, which is good and worth ordering your first time - it is Apple Pan after all, but I absolutely love the banana cream pie here!! Thick slice of pie loaded with layers of bananas, creme, and banana pudding, topped with lots of fresh whipped cream. The crust is the best. So light and flaky! Definitely one of my favorite desserts. My plan is to go back in the morning sometime soon and order a slice of banana cream pie with coffee..breakfast of champions.What a bunch of whiny sissies on this site griping about one of the greatest burger experiences in the world. GET A LIFE.Or go back to McDOnald's. Or your snooty, WAY overpriced "hip", "trendy" joints with food about 1/4 the quality of The Apple Pan.As for the service, sounds like YOU are the problem. All this foul language and whining. "I couldn't even get a tomato!"  Waaaaah!The burgers are the best on the planet, bar none. High quality sirloin, terrific buns, fresh lettuce, wonderful sauces and seasonings. Incredible fries. And it's an institution. 1947.If you don't like it then PLEASE don't come back and ruin the experiences of tens of thousands of loyal diners who love The Apple Pan and its employees, and have been regulars for 10, 20, 30, even 50 years.Why? BECAUSE WE LOVE IT!I was expect a lot when I came here, and I ended up getting frustrated because for one thing they don't have a wait list. If you see a chair open you better run to that spot and sit your butt on it or else it is long gone. This place was very packed when I wet here late at night around 9P.M. on a Tuesday. This place is small and the seating is like in a U shape. While the kitchen is in the middle and you are able to see them cooking and frying the food. I ordered their burger the first one on the list which I can't really remember. I ordered it with their special sauce and to me that sauce tasted like cheap salsa. I didn't at all like it. I think I would enjoy it much better if my burger didn't have their special sauce in it. I did like how the food was quickly out of the kitchen and into our hands. It was amazing. The service is quick and efficient. But that is when you sit down. I rather have them put a piece of paper and write how many people are in your party and wait their while someone calls your name. I also ordered their fries, and to be honest with you they taste like something you could get anywhere and it was plain and a little bit on the softer side. Which isn't my style. It was a good place to try once, but I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.The beautiful thing about yelp check ins is that it makes me aware of places that I go to that apparently I've never written yelp reviews for....like this one.I'm surprised that I haven't written one for this place, considering how cool this joint is. Came here again last night and was, again, impressed. This is a super small, old school burger joint that just has those counter seats that make a U-shape around the cooking area, with two old fashioned cash registers at each corner. You feel like you're transported back in time almost when you come in here. People who come here are nice and although there is no 'line' really, when seats open up people will go up to couples who were there before them to let them know, instead of just taking the seats. There are two servers, one for each side, taking care of everyone. They're really fast, efficient, and nice people, though not so much for words. That's ok, though, neither am I. They have a really simple menu here, and what they offer they execute well. They're best known for their hickory burgers, as well as their banana cream pie. I can never fit both, either one or the other, so it's always a debate with me which to get. Last night, my bf and I both got the hickory burger, his with cheese mine without, and an order of fries to share. Food was fast to arrive. And. So. Damn. Good. It's not often I leave a burger alone when I get it, I always douse more ketchup and mustard on the thing, but this, this I can eat by itself, as is. The hickory sauce is that yummy. Occasionally I'll dab on some mustard, but honestly, it doesn't need anything. The lettuce here is also SO fresh and crisp, I love it.Half of the charm for me of this place is the old school feel, that is hard to find in these parts. I love a mom and pop joint. The other half is the food, the yummy, simple, good old fashioned stuff. You can't go wrong with the food here.I have been here twice and both times were nothing to write home about!I have heard people rave about their burgers and apple pie for so long and I honestly wonder how people can love this place!The burger was not exactly the best quality of meat, kind of slimy and tasteless and the fries were not good either.But the biggest disappointment is the apple pie. If you have ever eaten real apple pie, I am talking about the kind that is made with HOMEMADE crust and HOMEMADE filling you will not be impressed with this so called  best apple pie.What a disappointment and I will never be coming back!Apple Pan... I am speechless to find so many high reviews for such a mediocre burger joint.  I had high hopes walking in on a Wednesday night finding myself waiting like a hawk for seats and hovering and scoping out customers to see who was almost done with their meal.  As far as seating my friends and  I were lucky enough to get four seats together because surprisingly the place was packed and this place is pretty small.  Immediately after sitting down I knew that I had to try the hickory burger because of all the reviews.  I ordered a orange soda, fries, and the hickory burger.  I was getting excited to sink my teeth into a nice juicy burger but when it was tossed onto the counter by our rushed waiter I was becoming less enthused.  I bit into a soggy tangy mess of a burger.  The sauce was pretty much a BBQ and ketchup disaster that masked any flavor of my hamburger patty.  The fries were nothing spectacular, just thick cut fried potatoes that needed to be salted.  The only upside to this place that has earned its two stars is the banana cream pie.  As far as coming back... I am sure that it will not be happening anytime soon.  Bottom line skip all the hype of apple pan and hit up In-N-Out instead.This may be the most over-rated and over-hyped burger joint in Los Angeles.  The only reason to go there is the ambiance -- such as it is.  If you enjoy paying premium money to sit on a stool at a counter, then by all means go there.  But don't go for the food if you have a remotely sophisticated palate.  The burgers consist of thin, frozen pre-made patties.  The only redeeming factor is the generous portion of fresh lettuce that comes with the burger.  The fries are the same commercially purchased frozen stuff that can be found anywhere. In the 1990s I worked in Century City and we would eat at the Apple Pan once every month or two.  The experience was underwhelming then for the above reasons.  12 years later, it remains underwhelming for the same reasons.  Such mediocrity might be tolerable if the prices were 50% less.  But given what you pay and what you get, I see no reason to patronize the joint.  Unless you like sitting on a hard stool while eating overpriced mediocre burgers.The one thing I probably miss most about my hometown, Los Angeles is the Apple Pan.  My sister and brother went here when they were kids in the 60's.  I came here as a toddler in the 60's, and then on consistently until I finally left town.  Sometimes I visit and make a pilgrimage to this place.  The same guys are always still working the counter, a little older, a little shakier, still fast and intense, though. The burgers aren't quite as good as I remember, but the taste combination of the hickory sauce, lettuce and dill pickles is unique and fills a hole in my heart.  I just love this burger.  Not to be missed is the tuna sandwich or the thin sliced ham sandwich on rye, if they still sell it.  I love the little bag of pickles and olives that come with each sandwich. Fries?  Best fries ever.  Very crispy - made fresh - cut fresh -- beautiful fries.  A poem of fried deliciousness.Pie.  Must. Have. Pie.  Banana Cream -- used to be that I was the only one that ordered it back in the day; glad others have discovered what a truly homemade banana cream pie tastes like.  The apple pie is scrumptious, too, and when you buy a whole one, they give you a cup of the apple juice that comes off the fresh apples so that you can pour hot pie juice over your warm pie. Oh.  Yeah. I miss you, Apple Pan.  I miss your screen door. I miss the plaid wallpaper.  I miss the nice guys at the counter who remind me that I am no longer a teenager in the 70's picking up a burger for her dad. I miss the Picwood Theater that used to be across the street where I saw Mary Poppins with my big sister and ate Flicks.  LA used to be so unbelievably cool.  My sister remembers the pony rides that used to be on Pico near the Vons.  (But that is truly before my time.)  Yes, the  Apple Pan is beautiful - for so many many reasons.  (wipes tear away.)The Apple Pan is a casual burger joint with unceremonious counter service and an almost guaranteed wait.  The time it takes to eat comes out to around twenty percent of the time it takes to commute from the valley and wait.  Even so, I've been making the trip since high school, and I don't intend to stop.The space has a definite charm, housed in a little white cabin marked with a prominent old-fashioned sign.  The interior consists of counters and stools surrounding an open kitchen staffed by men in short-sleeved white uniforms and little white hats.  There is no designated waiting area, but you wait inside around the stools, standing against the walls.  As there is no orderly line, customers sit down according to the honor system.  Coming with a party larger than two can get a little bit tricky, as seats tend to fill up as they open.  The wait is shorter than it looks, though, so don't walk in and turn back around.Once you get a seat, you can't linger forever, but the service is speedy, and the food is simple and easy to make disappear.  My standing order over the last several years has been the hickoryburger, and I have never been tempted to stray.  It's a juicy beef burger topped with mayonnaise, hickory sauce, pickles, lettuce, and for a little extra, melted Tillamook cheese.  The proportions are right, the beef is quality, and the hickory sauce is delicious, tangy and a little bit sweet.  The burger is on the small side - the Apple Pan is the product of a prior decade, when half-pounders were not the norm.  Still - if you do things right, by which I mean supplementing with fries and pie - you will leave stuffed.The fries are some of the best around.  I'm almost never completely satisfied with fries - they're so caloric, and I often find myself wanting more crisp, more flavor, more oomph.  I wouldn't change a thing about the Apple Pan's.  They have that ideal combination of crispy outside and near creamy inside, with the correct amount of salt.When you're done with burger and fries, indulge yourself with a thick slice of pie.  It takes the meal out of the cheap range, but not for nothing.  The banana cream pie alone is worth the visit, with an almost pudding-like texture and plenty of ripe banana.  A thin sweet crust and a tall topping of whipped cream finish the irresistible dessert.  I'm less partial to the apple pie, either plain or a la mode.  The flavor is strangely reminiscent of sweet potato, which isn't necessarily bad, but I don't love it.  The pie is also a little too soupy, with too much sweet goop and not enough apple to the filling.The Apple Pan has been around for a long time and I imagine it will continue to attract droves of hungry customers for a long time yet.  The hickoryburger with fries and a slice of banana cream pie make a pretty unbeatable meal, and I'm sure to have it many more times in the decades to come.There are two things that I love about The Apple Pan:1. Interesting vibe. Totally old school with a vintage feel. When you walk in, it feels like you've walked into a little piece of Los Angeles history. 2. The pie. Oh good lord. Banana creme pie was ridiculous. Layers and layers of bananas like I've never experienced. A dream.I also had their burger and fries, both of which I would say pass on. Not great, and really overpriced for what you're getting.The little old men working the counter won't be friendly, but that's part of the experience I think? Just know it's not you and they are that way to even the friendliest of folks. Advice: find somewhere else for your dinner; come here for the dessert.For once I wont write a traditional review but will argue David S's review. He gave this list, I will comment (like this)REASONS (David) LOATHEs THIS PLACE:1. No parking,(So what, never bothered the billions before you)2. Dirty exterior and interior (its not dirt, its worn... been there awhile ya know?)3. No place to sit (Funny, I've used those SEATS for years)4. Surly and rude customer service (great friendly staff!)5. Takes forever to place and then receive order (not McDonald's buddy)6. Prices are OUTLANDISH for what you get (Yeah, go to Mc Donald's for a bargain)7. Repeat, the taste is nothing to write home about (most beg to differ)8. The pie ain't even that great compared to Marie Callendar's or House of Pies in Los Feliz (pie is top notch)This place is tradition. I go about twice a year for the last 20 or so years. It would be missed if not there. Love it allI have no problem agreeing with Jonathan Gold that the hickory burger should be one of the 99 things you eat before you die. Yes, it is that good! I think my bf was getting a little annoyed with me b/c I could not stop talking about it all night and I haven't stopped thinking about it since I ate it last night. This burger is perfect, none of that fancy schmancy gourmet stuff. Just burger, lettuce (lots of fresh, crisp lettuce), got mine with cheese, pickle, and the most wonderful smoky ketchup. It's a bit messy but I wouldn't have it any other way. My bf had the steakburger and we both agreed the hickory was better. We also tried a slice of the apple pie. $7.50 w/ice cream, that's a little steep in my book but it was good, I wouldn't say it's the best I had though.It's a tiny little diner that was full the entire time we were there. They take cash only and they have a very limited menu which I appreciate b/c  I am the most indecisive person and can take a loooong time to order. Warning however, you will leave there smelling a little greasy and smoky, hmmm, maybe that's why I couldn't stop thinking about it!If you're fine sitting with a bunch of strangers at a counter while enjoying an average, greasy burger -- this place is for you.  It's reminiscent of the restaurant in 'Happy Days' minus the fun.I can't knock this place entirely, though.  Their egg salad sandwich and fries were fantastic. Try Umami, 25 Degrees at the Roosevelt Hotel or The Counter if you value flavor at all.After passing by The Apple Pan countless amounts of time, I finally set aside a night to check it out with a friend. And I was not disappointed! Once you step inside, it's like a bit of a blast from the past. It's wooden diner style, seat-yourself-style. There's no one greeting or managing you once you walk in, so it's a bit of a free for all with many waiting patrons lining the wall like vultures waiting for the next open seat.Once you brave your wait and sit down, the guy working the counter will be in your face with a drink order. He won't smile, he'll be right to the point, all while wiping down your counters every second. You won't have much time to decide what you want as he'll probably be pushy. So it's probably best to decide what you want to eat *before* you visti, if possible. I ordered a regular steakburger with cheese, as did my friend. Fries are big enough to share, so it's worth just getting one order for two people.Fries came right up, and the ketchup was lovingly pumped into another paper dish even if you want it or not. Did I mention the service was in your face and pushy? But soon enough our orders came up, wrapped in paper. Classic diner burger. Tasty, but not necessarily anything "special" about it. Having been used to many more gourmet burgers, flavor in the meat might be a little lacking, but for what it was, it fit perfectly. A classic straight up diner burger in a diner setting.After we wolfed down some burgers, it was time for pie. PIE! Chocolate cream a la mode, please. The pie itself was very good, but I personally don't think it was the best ice cream. Either way, stomachs were pleased, and we were in and out of there (pun not intended).Overall, a bit expensive for what you get (but I guess it is the west side), and pushy service if you aren't into that, but great for ambiance and general quality of the food. People either love it or hate it, so you may find yourself in one of those camps once you decide to visit. And it's definitely worth a visit as it's an eatery landmark in the area.The beauty in Apple Pan's burgers lies in their simplicity.  Juicy burger, simple bun, and great, fresh produce. You can tell they have been doing burgers this way for decades and don't plan on changing, which I appreciate.  Not only are the burgers delicious, but the overall experience of eating here is so neat! It's like stepping into a diner 50 years ago. It's very old-fashioned without being kitschy. While I'm not crazy about the hickory burger since I found the bbq sauce to be overpowering, I think the steak burger is spot-on.My usual is the hickory burger, fries and root beer.  I love the retro vibe and the community feel.  You never know what interesting characters will be sitting around the u-shaped table and who will be waiting behind you impatiently for a seat.  So awesome. A couple notes: CASH ONLY.  Parking in lot or on street.If you've ever seen a picture of the famous painting "Nighthawks" by Ed Hopper, you are either one of two sets of critics.  Either you find the painting thematically exquisite and exploratory of the charm and class of post-World War II America, or you think to yourself "Man, I would so want the ability to jump inside of that cool scene right now."The Apple Pan is very much like a living work of Ed Hopper.No tables, no waitresses in roller skates and poodle skirts, no coin-operated mini jukeboxes about.  Just stools and a U-shaped counter, one old-time server working the orders, the cooks busy flipping patties at the grill, and two 1940s-era registers at either corners of the red top counter.Old school.  To the T.Now the burger was okay, but In N Out, for example, has it beat.  Nice cheddar, but too much ketchup, too much lettuce (a whole head?).  The hickory was interesting, but it didn't make me clamber for another. The fries were a shade better than In N Out, I'll give them that. So with these items to consider, my rating stands.  And even more so because of the price.  Too high, if you ask me. $7 bucks for the burger alone? Just not worth it.  And looking at the menu, a slice of their classic pies costs over $5.  For a slice??  I didn't try the pie, but those pies had better be orgasm inducing for that kind of coin (I'm not a cheapskate, I just know what you should get for what you pay.  A $30 meal better taste and deliver like a $30 meal). The Apple Pan just didn't deliver for the price. The food, in short, was just okay if not overrated.  But to sit at that counter, take in all the patrons in attendance, and the servers doing their 1940s diner thing, soaking up nostalgia is worth at least one visit in your lifetime.Adding onto 167 fellow yelpers' praises for this delicacy, I hereby declare my sincere love for the banana cream pie at this adorable historical establishment. Holy pie. Yes, that slice of banana cream pie is going to make you become a faithful follower of The Apple Pan. Generous slices of bananas intertwined with sweet custard and eventually topped with light and fluffy whipped cream--this pie so incredibly unforgettable. I was on a date with this handsome artsy character when I first had the pie, and needless to say I was definitely more attracted to the dessert, completely ignoring his witty banters. Oh, that pie. That sweet delicious pie captured my heart. I love it because of its honest appearance of an old-fashioned banana cream pie. I love it because of their use of sliced bananas instead of miniature chunks of banana mixed in a custard overload at other pie joints. I love it because it makes me giggle every time I see it being handed over on a vintage plate. And as I am writing this review strictly about the banana cream pie, sighs of contentment can be heard. I love you, banana cream pie. Always have, always will.Like most of the Apple Pan's customers, I have been going to the Apple Pan since I was a kid.Try not to arrive during a lunch or dinner rush, order the Hickory Burger with cheese or the Steak Burger if you don't like sauce, the crunchy-perfect french fries and a piece of apple pie. I don't recommend the sandwiches, but get one if you don't eat red meat.really good food, you won't be dissapointedI don't really remember their burger other than the smoky BBQ sauce dribbling down the sides of my mouth and me licking it up as if I'm licking Heaven's water. I think the burger itself was good?But what I do remember is their apple pie. So warm topped off with melting ice cream...Everyone sits at the counter, has an Americana feel to it. I can't think of the apropos adjective, but Americana should suffice. Warm, friendly, a definite lunch spot. I've been here only on the weekends, but I'm sure on weekdays, the counter rarely cools down.LOVE IT!Roads? Where we're going... we don't need... roads.(Apple Pan is a delicious time machine)I had to try it after reading a couple of professional reviewers suggestion that this was the place for an amazing burger and the original feeling of the "old school" atmosphere, complete with huge amounts of counter seating.  If I ever find those reviewers...I wasn't too surprised at the attitude of the people working there (gruff but not without "old school" charm)  but as I wasn't expecting the crappy attitude from the other patrons.  I was shocked that in the free-for-all seating arrangement that they had people would rudely circle the patrons seated to get the jump on the next open seat.  I would probably be as gruff if I had to deal with serving those people.I thought the burger was less then monumental it was a standard steak burger with almost no feeling to it and enough lettuce to make a separate salad. The pie I tried (pecan) was good but it wasn't worth the price and the whole time I could feel the people waiting swarm as I got closer to the end of my meal.  The ONE star may surprise some people as it seems that this place has it's fans as well.  But I am not in the habit to wait in long lines, to feel rushed in a meal, to have a burger that is 80% lettuce.It did make me a little sentimental to my travels and my next stop in the Mid-West to eat at "Steak N Shake".I came 15 minutes before Apple Pan opened on a Sunday morning, and before I knew it, the group blew up to 20 a minute before the doors were unlocked. Just madness, but I knew it'd be worth it, and it was.If it's going to be your first time, I definitely advise that you save room for dessert. You can't go wrong with the steak burger (the apple relish/chutney is devine), fries (they're standard fare, but very hot and fresh) and a soda (comes out in a classy cone and holder). For dessert, banana cream is definitely the way to go. If you're feeling more classic, then apple pie with ice cream is absolutely delicious and satiating. You will walk out of Apple Pan stuffed beyond belief, but happy as a beaver who just chewed on some old growth. The classy joint continues to rock, and your best bet is to come in the morning on a given day if you want to avoid the crowd.From the ambience to the food itself, there's nothing gourmet about The Apple Pan.  And that's exactly why I love it.Their burgers are messy and juicy.  If you want cheese, you get good old Tillamook cheddar.  As for the fries, they're thick and crisp.  Sodas are served in a paper cone.  Awesome.Word of advice to the newbies: The Apple Pan is a small burger joint with a U shaped counter and stools.  There are no reservations and there is no list that you write your name on.  You seat yourself and it's first come, first serve.  The waiting area is standing room only and you stand about 2 feet behind the customers who are eating.  Because of all this, make sure that you pay attention to who is in the restaurant (and the number of people in their party) when you get there.  You don't want to be starting any fights by cutting in front of someone else who has been waiting.4 stars for The Apple Pan.In Marcel Proust's "Remembrance of Things Past, the taste of a madeleine cookie brings froth the rush of memories long forgotten. The Apple Pan is that way for me as I use to ride my bike here some 40 years ago.The only things to change are the old guys that use to serve me have be replaced by other old guys who have that no nonsense manner that comes with serving us (the great unwashed).The building (house) hasn't changed a bit. It's like that home in Atlantic City that refused to sell to the casinos and they built around it. The Apple Pan remains quaint and old fashioned surrounded by the modern world.You enter through a screen door and pass swinging doors to take your place along the wall to wait for a seat to open up at the counter. Decisions must be made, if a single seat opens do you take it? Who was here when you got here and how many are in their party? You eventually find a seat (I find staring at an diner and wishing they eat quickly, works effectively).The hickory burger is my goto. It is not really barbecue sauce as something more akin to the chili sauce you have been buying in the market for the twenty years. Crisp lettuce, crunchy pickles, soft bun and a fairly thin piece of meat makes for a hamburger from yesteryear that brings a rush of memory. French Fries are perfectly done crisp on the outside soft in the middle, when i was younger I never wanted to share any, nowadays I let the wife and kids have a few. No need for your fancy duck fat fries or belgium dipping sauces, all i need is that slab of ketchup that the old guy pours on the paper plate.The Pie is a wonder, others love the banana cream (sorry but I hate bananas in general. I am an apple guy. Ask for it heated up with a scoop of vanilla.I will take that pie over a madeleine any day.Finding an establishment with a screen door on the west side tells you that you're in for something different. The Apple Pan is what people should think of when they think of a classic burger and not the average tossed-through-a-drive-thru burger you find more than often. This fast food nation has done a lot to kill the classic sit down diner. Thankfully places like the apple pan help in keeping that tradition alive.  Forget the idea that the workers are cranky. If you're going to walk in thinking that you'll misread the actions. Besides when it comes to service they are on their top game. From topping off your soda cone cup to 'pounding the ketchup' into your paper plate when you're running low it's all in the days work for these. I usually toss in a 30% tip because of the quality of service here. The place can get busy. When it does you'll have to wait at the door for the next bench to get cleared up. So the seating is limited but if you stick it out or come during the non-peak periods you'll have a better time not having to get those stares from the waiting crowd as you sit there and enjoy your burger.  After finishing your steak burger you can enjoy some dessert from the fresh baked pies. The idea of pie with a burger may have been phased out of anyone else's mind after the 50's but it's a good mix. Thankfully Apple Pan pulls it off well while Pie-N-Burger somehow fails to do so right. Out of the two I will always pick Apple Pan as the winner of the Burger/Pie establishment without question. So the best advice is to try to avoid the crowds but trying the apple pan at least once. It'll change your idea on how a hamburger should be made and eaten.  It's open late but with that comes those seeking a late night bite. Street parking isn't too bad with meters.With over 240 reviews, what more can I really tell you?  Seems to me that every city, from Minneapolis to Minsk, has their legendary grub joints -- years of nostalgia and lore and grill grease make them part of their city's culinary canon.  Your buddy tells you, "If you're ever in Rochester, make sure you get the 'Garbage Plate' at Nick Tahou's"...  "Eat a Gray's Papaya dog for me..." That sort of thing.  I think Apple Pan is a quasi-canon joint (in terms of nostalgia)  -- but they don't make anything unique enough or superlative to warrant the hype.We went here for lunch the other day after taking our cat to the vet. It was as I'd always imagined -- feels like you're in 1955, tartan wallpaper and a horseshoe-shaped counter and stools.  (It's not like Johnny Rockets kitschy -- it's more like the way Chris Cooper's haircut is kitschy in American Beauty.) If you order a soda, it comes in one of those paper cups from the dentist -- it's aight, I mean, it doesn't make the soda taste better or anything. Lucky for us, there was no line and no wait.  I could definitely see how a long wait could make this not worth it.  The hickory burger is better than the sirloin burger unless you want to eat a half cup of relish.  Is it the greatest burger I ever had? No.  Is it better than most places?  Yes. The fries were nothing to write home about. Is it better than In N Out?  I don't think so.. Does the atmosphere make it a unique experience?  Definitely. If you're a germ-phobic, I should note that the people preparing the food (while in plain view) do not wear gloves -- the food is prepared with bare hands.  That's not a huge deal for me but for some it's a deal-breaker. I left what I thought was a pretty generous tip (40%) -- my waiter saw it but never acknowledged it.  I'm not a super sensitive guy but that kind of thing bothers me -- your waiter sees that you've left a nice tip and doesn't react in any way.  Could have at least winked.  A wink would have done me proud.  S'all I'm sayin'.If I may quote Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest: "Bonita Apple Pan, you gotta pickle and bun".  Okay, that was a stretch... An elderly man in a cardigan, well into his 90s, sat next to us -- he ordered a hickory burger and a cup of coffee; then finished it off with a slice of apple pie.  I think that says it best. A burger and coffee, now that's old school.We swung by here about 20 mins before they closed. I use to work in a kitchen, and I know how annoying that could be. I'm pretty sure they all spat in our foods, but whatever. It was a Tuesday night and we were the only patrons left. This was my first time here and I never heard of this place before. The menu was limited and I noticed it was on the pricey side, especially for what you get. Upon recommendation from friends, I ordered the Hickory Burger. When the burgers came out the first thing I thought was, "this is what I get for a $6 burger? It was tiny! I mean don't get me wrong; it was still good but not great. Since it was the end of the night, we got shafted with the left over fries. They were crunchy and overcooked.At the end of our meal, I hadn't realized that this place only took cash. Thanks to Cathy for covering me! All and all, not a very memorable visit. Maybe we shouldn't have came so late? Maybe we shouldn't have came at all?Hickory Burger... Fries... Coke... Pie.... HAPPY!Betters than In n' Out, Umami, or The Counter and won't break the bank -- about $12 for burger, fries, drink.  Newbies are always a little overwhelmed by the 1st come, 1st served seating.  You may have to beat someone down to snag a seat but I promise you it's worth it.Be Warned: CASH ONLYAfter dining at The Apple Pan, a debate on whether or not the establishment deserves the crowds that hover around its horseshoe of diner seats still rages in my head. Certain items on the menu seem better than others so if you come, come informed. Food: The apple pan serves burgers, sandwiches, fries, and pies. I think the best item on the menu is the hickory burger which features a juicy, freshly cooked ground beef patty and a bbq flavored sauce that resembles ketchup. The steak burger supposedly tastes like a standard burger while the ham sandwiches are nothing to get giddy over either. I personally liked the fries. They're prepared the way fries should be: crispy on the outside with minimal oil and fluffy on the inside. As for the pies, I think they're overrated for the most part, although the cream they use tastes incredibly fresh. Service: Everything is very personal; the older fellows take your order fairly casually and ring you up using an ancient cash register. The service definitely ranks higher than that at most diners. Extra points for serving food on small plates that are either washed and reused or made from recyclable materials. Atmosphere: Seating is limited and there are no convenient places to wait either in or out of the diner. Personally, I felt weird eating while other people watched me, salivating from the sidelines. It was uncomfortable being a ravenous eating-machine on display for that half an hour. Parking: There's a lot in the back and lots of meters on Pico and the side streets. Also, a Guitar Center just opened up nearby which has it's own structure... hint hint. Synopsis: The hickory burger is the only thing on the menu worth coming for, but that sauce was good enough for four stars.The Good:  This place has been around forever.  It's a must go to place because it is always in the top burger lists.  The service is amazing.  From the time I sat down to having fries in my mouth was like 10 seconds.  They can open the ketchup bottle and refill your plate before I could even get my open.  Have you seen Heinz ketchup??  It takes 5 minutes just to start the flow.  I got the hickory burger which has a wedge of lettuce, meat(on the thin side), thick cut cheddar, tomatoes, and a freaking huge slop of the hickory sauce.  It was like a thick sauce that had a hint of bbq, it was on the sweet side.The Bad:  It's LA so yes craptastic parking, they have a lot and I kid you not it only holds like 8 cars.  The place is tiny as well, I think I read something like 26 chairs.  The messiest burger I have ever eaten.  Too much sauce equals sauce everywhere and it makes the lettuce and meat slide all over the place.  I had to eat it fast just so I wouldn't be holding a handful of lettuce.  $6.75 for a burger that is about the size of an In-N-Out burger.....pricey and $2.25 for a small plate of fries....pricey, so I had no cash for the pies :(The Ben:  Verdict....hype.  It's a good burger but for I don't know why it would be on the LA's top burger list every year or in every magazine.You could understand why I was skeptical coming here, right? I have heard the story many times. "This place has the best burgers in LA".  And yes, it's been in LA fixture forever and everyone loves it, etc. The problem is, I have never returned to any of these places again!Then there is Apple Pan. We pull in and I see this somewhat dumpy building across from a massive mall. Yeesh! I was thinking maybe it'd be in a cool neighborhood or something but I guess it's changing times, right? We walk in and it's a U counter with about 10 seats on each side. I was warned there could be a wait but three guys got up as we walked in. Perfect!We ordered the cheeseburgers with fries and drink. The guy working behind the counter was amazing. Not only was he probably one of the nicest servers I've ever had but he seemed to have 10 heads and 18 arms. I don't think I've ever seen someone do so many things at once! The burger, well, was awesome! For once, I could say there is a place in LA that I'd drive out-of-my-way to go to! It was very juicy and wasn't topped with the thousand island that so many places in LA do (why???). Simple lettuce, pickles and I think a little relish. It didn't matter... it was money and if I were hungrier I'd probably get another. And I will get another, believe me!I loved the old school interior and atmosphere, the food, and the people. I heard parking could be difficult but that worked out for us as well so there is absolutely no reason not to check this place out. When you look at the rating and the number of reviews that's all you need to see!I had been wanting to try this place ever since I saw it on a documentary about hamburgers. The Apple Pan was one of the restaurants featured because it has been open for so long but not much has changed since its early days. The inside has never been remodeled, the food is still prepared the same way, and they still accept only cash. The servers and chefs are all older, drinks are still served in old-fashioned cone shaped paper cups, even the cash register looks like it's seen better days. I thought to myself that there has to be a reason why people keep coming back for the burgers and pie. I'm still wondering why customers continue to come here...I ordered the steak burger, fries and a Dr. Pepper. My friend ordered a hickory burger, fries and a cream soda. We also shared a slice of apple pie. I LOVE hamburgers, but I think I could have made a better burger at home. I was definitely not impressed with either. The fries were regular fast-food french fries. Nothing special. The cream soda was good, but I'm sure I could pick up a pack at the grocery store and enjoy it at home. The apple pie was terrible. Even McDonald's would have been better (and cheaper). Maybe we should have shared the banana cream pie instead?The food at the Apple Pan is unimpressive, but I will say that the service was fast. The server always kept our glasses full of beverages and the food was prepared quickly. If nothing else, the kitchen is efficient, but I can't see myself coming back to give it another try.Best experience, Burger and Pie I have ever had in my life.  Some of the yelpers complained because this place can be tough to get seats together if you are in a large group.  Don't let that be the reason you miss out on the best food you will ever have.I crave this place like no other place in the world.  Step inside and you will step back in time to an old burger shop.  The counter surrounds the grill with usually two chefs working their magic on the best burgers in the world.  You may have have to stand near the door and pay attention to the order you arrived.  The place is so popular, you usually wait for a bar stool to open up to get your place at the counter.I always get the hickory burger with cheese (they use Tillamook Cheese and all the best ingredients).  The hickory sauce is a secret, one of a kind, out of this world sauce and the burger is better than I could even dream.  Get a side of Hickory sauce to dip your fries into (you will never want ketchup again).  They don't have fountain drinks, so you'll get a can of soda.WARNING: Do not leave this place without finishing off the best meal of your life with the best apple pie with ice cream (make sure you get the sauce on the pie).Don't be fooled by any negative reviews.  As long as you know that you may have to wait for a seat and that you will sit on a stool at a counter, you will be very happy you came back in time to enjoy the best food on the planet in the same atmosphere that your grandparents would have enjoyed a burger in the prime of their life.  Don't miss out on this awesome experience and incredible Burger and Pie, it doesn't get any more American than this incredible place.I used to go to The Apple Pan a lot in college.  Almost too much.  Not entirely willingly either.  Mostly because my super-picky roommate would barely eat anything else.  So needless to say, I kinda burnt out on the place.  My attitude was "why wait for a spot when I could just go to In-N-Out?".  After graduation, I took a long, 3-year hiatus from patronizing the Apple Pan, while I searched high and low for other burgers in LA.  Well, ladies and gentlemen... I'm back!This is not by any means a gourmet burger, and I can't compare it to my golden standard of Rustic Canyon.  It is, however, easily the best greasy counter-style burger in this fair city.  If you are a fan of the aforementioned In-N-Out, then this is the burger for you.  Nice fresh ground meat, great Tillamook cheddar cheese, crisp iceburg lettuce, smokey hickory sauce, and a perfect oldschool hamburger bun to top it off.  When you are looking for that classic americana burger experience, here it is.Aside from the required Hickory Burger, make sure you save room for apple pie a la mode.  It is some of the greatest pie around.Hot tip for the n00bs:  a burger, fries, drink, pie gets pretty expensive; however, the fries and the pie are usually too much for 1 person.  Go with a friend (or take a date... classy!).  Split fries, split pie (they will even do a split plate for you for pie), but each get your own Hickory Burger.  Enjoy!First visit to the ever famous Apple Pan, and after reading many many reviews here on Yelp we had both the Hickory burger and the steakburger and split them between us.I guess we lucked out and made it over there during a lull in business because we sat down as 2 people got up...about 5 minutes later there was a line going out the door. The place has an interesting horseshoe shaped counter with the kitchen in the middle, and waiters working the inside ever so skillfully. Our server was very professional and had the most perfect timing for just about everything...when the femalien dribbled her burger juices down her chin he was there to whip out a napkin and place it into her hand at the most perfect moment. Ketchup is served out of glass heinz bottles into small paper plates by your server as well...which is nifty.back to the food...hickory burger was quite good...but I do have to say that the steakburger was the best of the two. I had a couple bites of chikkenwing's sandwich and I do have to say, I wanted to abandon my hickory burger in favor of hers. She felt the same way after sampling one bite of mine she refused another and was ready to have the rest of hers back. The fries were crisp and pretty much a crispy version of in and out fries (is that good or bad...here comes the real debate). Tried the banana cream pie and it was very good, superior to most I would have to say, however I will agree with some people and say that it is overpriced.So overall, I would say try both burgers and have form your own opinion because everyone is going to disagree on this one...but they are both truly very good....and the banana cream pie is overpriced.Good place to go to...once in a while.The hickory burger was pretty good, messy...tons of sauce and lettuce, but not the best burger I've ever had (plus, I kept finding rock hard pieces of fat in the meat-i HATE that). The fries weren't too great, I did love the old-fashioned cone soda cups though. The apple pie a la mode was huge and delicious but nothing I would necessarily go back for...Nice old time atmosphere and fun for a late night dinner...but not remarkable for burgersI really don't get why people like this place so much.  I like the old-school diner charm and all, but that's about all there is to like.  The burgers are sub-standard and dressed with lettuce and not much else (a burger without tomatoes??  come on!).  The fries are nothing to write home about and the pie is nothing special.Oh, and everything is ridiculously overpriced.  If it was an old-school diner with old-school prices, that would be one thing.I give this place 1 star for the decor and 1 star for the old man behind the counter.  Atmosphere is about all they got.This is only my second trip to Apple Pan. When it comes to satisfying a quick bite before a movie at the Landmark, it satisfies well enough. I ordered the steakburger while my partner in crime went with the hickory. We each ordered fries and some of the apple pie with ice cream. My steakburger was good, but not great. I love lettuce and this had tons. I know some people call it "filler" but I just think it adds some much needed crunch and a little juice to the action. My actual patty was a bit overdone. The sauce on top has a sweet relish kick which at first bite I did not love, but by my second or third I was ready to like.One order of fries is more than large enough for two people to suffice, so ignore the urges of your inner hungry hippo and settle on just the one. My fries were soggy though, which is a big no-no for me. I need them crisp, it's half the fun. My compadre had some that fit the bill quite nice as did my neighbor to the other side. It appears I just missed the boat on that front.The apple pie was good and the ice cream a delight. I would have preferred a little more ooey gooey, but it was warm and sweet. My stomach was still more than willing to make some extra room to accommodate this over-indulgent final course.We did have to stand against the wall for quite some time before two stools opened for us to climb atop. The wait is a bit more difficult to endure then your average haunt, as food prep is just a few feet to the side and your nostrils are flooded with the burger aroma the entire time. If you are already hungry the scent and wait can drive you mad.Overall I would say this place is not a knock out, but its fun and a quick bite. The burgers are good, the pie is good, the fries are less than fine.Took forever to get a seat. (expected)Burger not even  half as good as In and Out.Apple pie recipe from the 1800's? Yeah, apparently they didn't have sugar or cinnamon or any real knowledge what 'flavor' means. Although, the pumpkin pie looked pretty dang good. Coffee - great. There is something so aesthetically pleasing about watching the actual cream bubble when you put it in your coffee.Overall, it cost like $17 for a meal I would have rather gone to In and out for. I'm all about Retro places and supporting small business, but they definitely need to change their recipes.I'm writing this review as the first installment of my "OG Tastes of LA" series.  There aren't a ton of places in LA that transcend time quite like The Apple Pan.  Subsequent installments will include Philippe the Original downtown, Pie & Burger in Pasadena and Johnny's Pastrami on Sepulveda near Washington.  Actually, that might just be the list.Anyway, on to the review of what I would say is the #1 burger on my all-time list.  I recognize that such is a bold statement, especially in a town that's home to so many good burgers, but a big part of my review is wrapped up in the nostalgia of the place.  Hell, there are waiters who have been there since the early 1960s!The bottom line is this: Go to The Apple Pan, order a burger (my fave is the Hickory Burger, sans cheese, though the Tillamook cheddar is lights out), fries, and a soda.  If you have room for pie, have at it.  You're a bigger person than me!While you're enjoying your meal, be sure to reflect on the fact that the place has been in its current locale since the late-1940s, while Westwood has grown up around it.  That's really a rarity, especially given the outrageous cost of real estate in my hometown.  Just don't reflect for too long, as you will likely get dog-eyed by other hungry patrons waiting for your seat!I've decided that there are certain people who shouldn't frequent an establishment such as The Apple Pan. This includes those who ask for a "Hickory Burger with hickory sauce on the side, raw onions, no lettuce, blah blah blah." Fuck that. You go to the The Apple Pan for a no-frills burger without any fancy-schmancy alterations. And you pay CASH and don't bitch like a toddler when you find out.That said, I really enjoyed my burger. Had a little too much lettuce and a bit sloppy, but that didn't stop it from being awesome. Fries were crisp and not too greasy. The friendly old man was a pro at taking orders, getting said orders out in a timely fashion, and having you pay your bill quickly. This place never changes, and I like it that way.Really overhyped. Perhaps it's because my mother makes an apple pie that is so good that it can cause amnesia in clinical trials... but I just wasn't impressed like everyone else seemed to me. It was good... not great. My nephew said it really well, "If someone told me they got this at Ruby Tuesdays, I wouldn't have flinched". Service wasn't a homerun either... the one server stood next to us and chatted with some friends of his (it seemed) for ten minutes, never working or serving anyone, though there were many people waiting to place orders, get their checks, etc.Doubt I'll go back... just didn't impress me enough to make a trip for it.Apple Pan Review Haikus*The simple comfortnestled amongst condos, mallsThe simple menu*The cheese is stacked highGordon serves you the best stuffand your stomach sighs.*Tower of icebergsteak burger and perfect friesthey pour your ketchup*flakey crusted piesingredients are tastedreal cream on my pie* Does it have to rockCan it just be old fashionedYes quality forever(the end)when I lived in LA this made me feel like there was something normal and untainted left in the world.  Did you know that many of the employees have worked there for over 20 years ?  That comforts me somehow, even when they are surly.  You see, if you're nice and you follow the rules, they are nice to you.  I miss Gordon and I heard he asked a friend about the Chubby Bunny.  I don't know why, but that makes me feel like a champ.If I could rate this place a "0" star I would. First off as other reviewers stated, the place is small so a group of 4 is the most that should go. Menu is extremely limited & pricey. Only 2 types of burgers, the regular one, forgot the name, & the hickory. The regular burger had relish which made it taste terrible. It was sweet relish to boot, no where on the menu it stated it had that. I ordered the hickory & only difference I could tell between the burgers was that mine had ketchup & gobs of it, totally taste less. Fries were extremely greasy & beverage selection limited to whatever they had in cans/bottles. Now to the service, if it had been friendlier I would have given this place a chance but I had the most bitter old man help us out I just felt like grabbing him by the few strands of hair he had on his old head & slamming it on the counter. Seriously, we asked if they could make a double burger. I realize it was not on the menu but shoot, we would have paid the difference. The answer we got from the grumpy old man was "NO!". Not a nice no but a straight up jerk "NO!" After that it seemed like he wanted us out, seriously, as soon as he saw a plate empty he would pick it up. I would have rather have gone to In-N-Out, they are much better by far in flavor, atmosphere, service, etc. I can see why there is only one of these joints, it was that bad. Avoid it if you do not want to deal with bad service & sub-par food...Best greasy spoon around, and they are open really late.  After a trip to the Wellesbourne with my fiance, we walked over to the Apple Pan for a burger and fries about 15 minutes before they closed.  The guys at the counter were very nice and patient with us, and the food came out very quickly.  It was your typicaly greasy burger and fries, but I enjoyed it.  Nothing fancy like the trendy burger places, but consistently good.I'm actually glad we went so late because there was no line.  Typically, you have to stand around to get a seat, and it's first come, first served, but no one takes your name down (so you have to hover around and compete with people who got there after you did).  If you're in the area late at night, drop in.  The guy at the register is a huge soccer fan.I have been coming here for over 10 years and I always order the same thing: tuna sandwich "to go" or tuna melt if I am "dining in". It always comes with a mountain of perfectly cooked fries. The albacore tuna salad is always fresh and perfect and never overly dressed. The employees even know me by my first name and some of them have worked here for decades (seriously).The menu here is simple but it's proof that simplicity leads to success by keeping the menu short. While most people come here for the burgers, try the tuna sandwich. You won't be disappointed. I have been eating here since my mid 20s and the sandwich remains unchanged.The best part is they are open late and they have very friendly service. "Apple Pan" deserves no less than 5 stars!!!Come prepared to fight for your seats.  So here's how the seating process works. You pick a side of the room then wait for the diners to finish eating.. whoever was waiting the longest gets the next free seat. If you decide to be a snatch and snake a seat prematurely, brace yourself for the wrath of hungry waiting patrons.Each side contains 8 seats, so they can only take 24 people at a time.If you dont want to wait, you can order your food to go. PARKING:  Im not sure what the big deal with parking is,  I parked in the parking structure behind Apple Pan that also serves Guitar Center. Plenty of parking up there.As for the food, it was pretty solid, so I have no complaints there.  I'd say a step above In & Out burger. I had the hickory burger, which is pretty much an In & Out burger with hickory bbq sauce in it.  They serve it to you wrapped in paper, without a plate, so it'll get messy.Their fries are fantastic though, perfectly salty and crisp like a steak fry... The soda (which is by the can, so no refills) is served in a paper cone that sits atop a metal stand.. my orange soda complimented the burger well.The pie is pretty solid as well, the crust on boysenberry is nice, light, and flakey. I'd definitely go back to grab a slice to go...EDIT 02/22/08:I gave this place extra stars for SUPER SPEEDY TAKE OUT SERVICE!  After they took my order I was out the door with my hickory burger, fries, boysenberry pie, and orange soda 5 minutes later.  Screw you In & Out! (PS try eating their fries with balsamic vinegar. good stuff.)Hit Apple Pan with a buddy a few days ago - my first time there.I just don't get it ! i'm all for the oldies but goodies type of places - i love canters, the pantry, phillipe's, etc, this place appears to be in the same mold but damn - where's the value ?  where's the beef ?i ordered the hickory burger, fries and a diet coke - $11.50.  the diet coke and the fries come in a matter of seconds - the fries - boring - not bad but not much of a serving for $2.  almost polish off the fries before the burger comes - i can tell by appearance i won't like it as it's served - way too much vegetation.  but i decide to take a few bites , then as expected, i open the bun, pull out the lettuce, then just the meat, cheese and sauce.  take a few more bites - nope, sorry, it ain't bad but i expected more, much, much more !best burger in LA ?  you're kidding, right ?I tried this place a long time ago and didn't like it.  But that was before Yelp, so I decided not to write a review until I gave it another chance.  Boy am I glad I did.  This tiny little place is great.  The burgers are fresh and delicious.  The fries are a bit crispier than I like, but good nonetheless.  The waiter wasn't particularly friendly, but boy was he efficient.  I still have yet to try their apple pie, but I can't wait to go back.  One recommendation, make some milkshakes.So there are like a ka jillion reviews of this place so Ill keep this short. I recently fell prey to my own weakness for sugar and went on a quest for the a good banana cream pie. Many places have too few bananas. I don't want monkey amounts but one slice of banana per 2 square inches is much too few.Some joints have too much whipped cream. While most nights I can be found on my couch suckin on a can of the stuff, I don't want it drowning my pie (that's not what she said =D)The Apple Pan had the holy grail of BCP! A generous amount of bananas and a happy balance between the cream and pie filling. I ordered to go because A) I didn't want people judging me for eating more than 3 slices and B) It's hard to find a seat straight away on a weekend night. C) The pie is not at all soggy so it can travel well.Yay for banana cream pie at the Apple Pan!FOOD:The food is good, but a little pricey for my taste. The steak burger and fries are good.  Make sure you like relish.  The pie is delicious.  It's not too sweet and tastes very homemade.AMBIANCE:It's very 1940s with only a few seats at the bar.  No individual tables and no hostess.  You just have to wait for an open seat.  I went during the lunch hour and I had to man a seat.  It's very much a survival of the fittest type of mentality.SERVICE:They aren't the friendliest of bunch, but I would be stressed out of you're constantly working with no downtime.  I don't recall seeing a single smile from any of them.  But I'll say that they are quick.  They are very systematic and you get served right away.  You never have to worry about waving them down.PARKING:There's parking (about 8 or so) in the back of the restaurant.  You just have to get lucky but people come in and out.  You shouldn't have to worry about finding parking, you just have to keep an eye out and be patient.This place was so unbelievably good!The burger was definitely messy with a lot of sauce, but it was on a nicely toasted bread, and I do love a nicely toasted piece of bread =dFor me, I'd have to pick the hickory burger over the steak burger.  The difference between the 2 is bbq sauce and relish.  Bbq sauce in the hickory and relish in the steak.  The sauce, the burger, mmmmm so good =d  And the fries were fresh, hot and crisp with a nice soft texture inside.If you come here, get a pie and split it.  And definitely get it ala mode, so good =d  I got the strawberry pie when I came here.  I don't like pies but I thought I'd try it since I read reviews that their pie was good, and strawberries because I'm not much of an apple fan O=)  Ohmigosh...the crust was nice and crumbly and went well with the ice cream and...and...and...the strawberries...were WHOLE strawberries hulled!!!  I couldn't believe it!  It had a thin coating of gelatin and fresh fresh fresh strawberries underneath mmmmmmmm =dDang it!  If it wasn't for your awkward seating arrangements, I'd hit you up more =TMaybe it was the person i came with, who has a sentimental bond with this place, or perhaps it was because it's been on EaterLA 38 for quite a while, or maybe because I just wanted a good burger. Regardless, the hickory burger met expectations of all three reasons, and the apple pie, well I don't know how you can mess up apple pie a la mode. I just saw a picture of the banana creme as i wrote this review and i want to go to there. Damn you yelp and your "Are these photos helpful?" photos below the edit reviews screen. *shakes fist*The price of the burger was more than what I would pay for a burger like that, and also, I didn't get the the famous salty attitude from the waiter. Where's the sass? I would like to get abused while i eat my burger, thank you very much.Burger was sub par and expensive for the quality of the food.I love barbeque sauce, but for some reason the hickory burger didn't tastes that great to me. Honestly, i prefer in-and-out's burger a lot better, and it's half the cost.The fries were good and thick, but definitely not good enough to redeem the mediocre burger in my book.Save your money and go to hole in the wall or the counter instead!The Apple Pan has been on my to-do list for a while as it has been mentioned in many must have burger places in LA.I would say that I would come here once for the experience.  We originally thought this place as a diner based on how it looked, but it was completely different.No host to sit you down, but rather self seating at a giant bar that surrounds the kitchen.  The burgers themselves tasted like something I could make during a backyard BBQ.  The Apple pie was okay, but the one thing to note is that I was consuming something that was made from an ORIGINAL recipe from the late 1800s slash early 1900s.My 2011 taste buds were bored, but my curious eyes were intrigued at how this place managed to stay open for so long.Checked off my to-do list.Oh, goodness gracious me, the Apple Pan. Because LA is such a brand spankin' NEW kind of town (meaning "oldest restaurant in town" is 1919), anything that is remotely redolent of retro-kitsch-history is exceedingly appealing. And if they serve on of the absolute best burgers in town, WELL .....so much the better.The place is always packed- you will usually have to cool your heels for a few while waiting for a seat at the circular counter. You'll get a gruff waiter who has been there a good solid 20 years (they have great stories if you charm 'em out of the gruffitude) and a minimal selections of a couple kinds of burgers, a tuna sandwich (I think), fries, drinks, pie. I go for hickory steak burger with fries.Everything comes in paper wrappers or el retro plastic holders. The meat is top-quality (and I am a girl who usually does not touch red meat- basically if it is not Apple Pan or In'N'Out I am in the world of tofu derivatives). Super fun place to take the same kind of person who would have loved the old Farmer's Market.Quality Forever thats the tagline on their menu, and by the look of the waiters, it seems thats how long some of them have been working there. Open since the 50s, from the interior you can tell not much has changed since then. Seating consists of one long U shaped counter where 2 waiters take orders for everybody. You wait against the wall until a stool opens up. Its like a well oiled machine where the cooks and waiters work in unison, pumping out burgers and fries as if it were an assembly line. They can get pretty testy if you dawdle for  even a second when they take down your order. But that kind of adds to the charm of the place. Its not the classiest joint in LA but the burgers sure are tasty, some might even say the best. There are probably about only 4 sandwiches to choose from on the menu, the steak burger, the hickory burger, tuna and egg salad. The first two should be your only concern. (Seriously I don't know who the hell goes here and orders a friggin Tuna sandwich. Thats like going to Idaho and eating carrots.) I must say I am partial to the hickory burger. I don't know what they put in that sauce but its like crack. The steak burger is pretty dope too they put some crazy kind of apple sauce on top which is mouth watering as well. They also serve french fries which go oh so well with the yummy burgers.If that wasn't enough they also bake homemade pies everyday. These are as good as the burgers so make sure you save room! Try the apple pie ala-mode.I'm not really sure what the hype surrounding this place is about. Perhaps it is for nostalgia's sake, since they give you those cool little tin cones for your soft drinks and you don't see burger joints around like Apple Pan anymore. However, the novelty soon wears away.For the price that I paid for my burger (albeit tasty), I would have expected some kind of order to this establishment. Maybe a place to write down your name instead of gawking over who will finish their meal next. And then stress out over whether another party that arrived after you will steal your spot.Even after our party of two seated fairly quickly on a Sunday afternoon around 1PM (though I think the crowd came in shortly afterwards), I couldn't help but feel rushed. Rushed to finish my food so I can give up my stool to the next hungry patron.  In essence, I didn't enjoy my burger as much as I should have because I was anxious over how soon I should be getting out of there.High points:*The Hickory Burger with cheese is one of the most unique tasting burgers you will come across-- the subtle sharpness of the melted cheddar combined with what may best be described as smokey ketchup-- is a fantastic combination.  *My two favorite pies are their boysenberry cream and apple pies.  Their boysenberry pie seems to get little fanfare, but it is one of the best berry pies I've ever had-- packed full of fresh berries and lacking all that gooey artificial purple syrup that automatically accompanies so many store-bought pies.  Their apple pie is also not overly sweet-- each piece is served sitting in its natural apple juices.   *Few seem to talk about their egg salad or tuna salad sandwiches, both very solid if you're looking for an old-fashioned burger alternative.  Low Points:*The long waits and tough-to-find parking are well known, but worth dealing with.  If new to the place, don't be turned off by what some perceive as a  sometimes gruff wait staff.  These are good guys who, in some cases, have been working there for decades, and run a tight ship.  They have to given the perpetually long lines. Afford them and the waiting crowds the courtesy of knowing what you want and keeping things simple.  If you want them to hold the buns, hold the meat, add grilled onions, but go easy on the lettuce, etc., or if you want to linger indefinitely over a cup of coffee, perhaps looking elsewhere might be your best bet.Are you kiddin' me?  BEST BURGER IN LA.  PERIOD.This place has survived the attack of various capitalist thugs and their construction projects for over 50 years.  There's a reason this crappy little building is still standing next to the huge mall.  The burgers are that good.Bring your cash as this place is so old school it does not take credit cards.Once you head in, you probably won't be able to sit down at the giant u-shaped bar, and you're going to have to keep track on your own whether or not it's your turn to sit down.  Most people who come here are aware of this and actually it's quite smooth waiting even when the walls are standing room only waiting for seats to open up.My recommendation, get the Hickory Burger with cheese, fries, and a Coca-Cola.  Follow it up with a slice of the Apple pie with ice cream and you will have spent the best $20 you will ever spend on food in the LA area.  This place is a true LA landmark and the flavor of the cheese alone is reason enough to keep this place in business for another 50 years.LONG LIVE APPLE PAN!I'm one who likes to dine and enjoy atmoshphere and being waited on. On the other hand I will make an exception to do just the opposite. I will stand in line for a bit, sit at a counter and not even given a plate if I want a good hamburger, or I should say, cheeseburger for myself. I've been going to The Apple Pan for so many years, I lost count. I love their burgers. They put a sweet sauce on that no place else can duplicate. And if you like apple pie, this is the topper. So, burger lovers, go with curlers, dirty hair, bra less, whatever, but I recommend this place for a casual and I mean casual meal out.Quality forever is the moniker of the Apple Pan and it always lived up to this promise.  The quality and experience have never changed in the 25 years I have enjoyed eating here entering it into a place where very few restaurants tread-- (Lawry's Prime Ribs being another). Everything is always the SAME. I don't think this place needs me to review the food as it's been done to death-- instead I will give a few tweaks (as it's my style) that one can do to heighten the enjoyment of the food and an overall experience. 1. The hickory burger IS the best item on the menu. 2. Ask for them to cut it in half. The split heightens the flavor.3. Ask for your fries well done. They will come brown and crispy. Yum.4.  Ask for some sweet pickle chips to munch on. 5.  Go with whipped cream instead of ice cream with the pies (unless it's a cream pie then get neither). 6.  Park on Westwood and walk through the alley. 7.  Relax. If you are not ready to order, tell him. If you are-- speak up. I find a lot of people are intimidated by this place for some reason where their is no need to be.The lip service this place gets (online and off) floors me.Earlier this week I was in the area with some friends, so we decided to drop by. After we sat down, an older gentlemen behind the counter approached us without a word and stared expectantly for about five or six seconds. I took his cue by grabbing a menu within reach. He uttered, "Ugh... people don't usually need a menu" before walking away."Ugh" was right. I think he mistook us for the people who burned down his house and kicked his dog, because taking our orders elicited what I think could universally be described as contempt. He returned a few minutes later with our fries; the way he plopped them down in front of us reminded me of the way most people half-heartedly drop a bowl of kibble in front of their dogs. The fries were good, but they were hard to enjoy when our server did everything possible to make us feel unwelcome. The service was pretty fast, but I suspect it was just to get us out the door faster.On top of everything, the burgers were a huge disappointment. At the end of the day, there is absolutely no way to justify selling a (previously frozen) quarter-pound cheeseburger (half of which is iceberg lettuce) for $7.50, especially when fries come at an extra premium. I know this is Los Angeles, but the value is simply not there.When the check came, I had to triple-check the guy's math against the menu: 3 mediocre 1/4 pound burgers, 3 small plates of french fries and 3 12-ounce sodas for nearly $40! It was an appropriate way to cap off a bad experience.This place might be "an institution," but there are tons of historic restaurants in LA that don't have to excuse awful customer service and severely overrated food as part of their legacy. The fries and promptness of service (malice notwithstanding) earn The Apple Pan an extra star for a total of 2/5.This is the first time I've felt let down by Yelp.Old fashioned counter diner. Burgers & pie. Wicked fast service.The rumors are true that you will have to wait a bit. There were about 10-12 people waiting when I arrived (even though it was an odd hour 3pm), but my boyfriend and I were able to get a seat within 10 minutes. You just have to pay attention (looks for people eating pie). Plus the food comes out so fast, no customer will be in a chair for more than 30 minutes. And I would say it's worth the wait if it's your first time.We both ordered the Hickory Burger- simple and delicious (though if you don't like a lot of lettuce, be ready). Not a mind blowing, "you HAVE TO try this" burger, but a "yeah, it was really good." I ordered the apple pie- good, but I've had better.THE best part about the experience was watching how FAST the servers work. I'm not kidding. It's so amusing. They NEVER stop moving.If you are curious, check it out. It's fun. I probably won't wait for a seat next time. Take out seems like the way to go.CASH ONLY. NO ATM.After reading a thousand yelp reviews, I still didn't realize I was walking into a place that has just one huge counter to sit at.  Don't get me wrong, it was fun and different, but I just wasn't expecting it.  If you order a soda, it comes in this cone shaped paper cup with a little holder, kind of cute.  Husband ordered the bbq burger and really enjoyed it.  I got the regular one and I liked it, but there was way too much relish on it.  Their special sauce is very relish-y and it was just too much pickle for me.  The burgers were perfectly cooked, though.  The banana pie was good, but I thought there was too much banana to pudding ratio.  The thing was FULL of bananas.One thing to note, and I'm not sure if I really want to call it a complaint, is the waiter is kind of rude/straight forward.  These two guys came in and proclaimed, "It's our first time here!" and the waiter said, "Do you expect better service?" or something along those lines.  I guess it was sarcastically funny, but I'm sure the poor guys felt kind of stupid.  But that's just the way this waiter is.  He's good at what he does, but is just kind of a jerk.  He was always extremely quick to refill our ketchup (seriously) and water.  The food came out quickly.  The other thing is that I felt like the whole meal was so rushed.  We were probably in and out in MAYBE half an hour and that might even be pushing it.  And that's with dessert.Anyway, glad I experienced it, but not sure I'd go out of my way to come here again.Oh my sweet LETTUCE!Green, crispy, crunchy, piles of lettuce!  I can't believe I'm fantasizing about their lettuce, but that's what makes Apple Pan's burgers so darn good!  The ice berg of lettuce that they give you with each burger really makes my mouth water.  So crisp, such a sweet sounding crunch... it's beautiful. Their hickory burger is the best.  It has the perfect amount of smoked flavor without tasting like fake bbq sauce.  All ingredients (especially the lettuce) appear super fresh. After reading the reviews, I knew I had to try the banana cream pie and I can honestly say that it's the best banana cream pie I've ever had. The guys that work here aren't really friendly or talkative. They sort of remind me of that old uncle that you're a little scared of because they don't take any b.s., but they do their jobs and they do it right.  Typically this might bother me, but for Apple Pan, it sort of works and adds to the old fashion charm..Can't wait to eat here again!I am mystified.  Perplexed.  Confused.  The hickory burger is not good.  Homey in all the other reviews means you can cook this stuff at home and it will turn out better.  TOO MUCH KETCHUP.  The burger tasted like ketchup.  There's no way this burger is worth $6.75 or the hype.  Not to-die-for at all.My roommate wants to give it a 1-star review to counteract the hype.  But I'll be honest with you, it's not 1-star, but not even 3 stars.  My roomate is pissed off that he wasted the time and money to eat at Apple Pan.Cash only.  Limited seating.  Small menu.  Legit service.  Quick turnaround.  But just not worth it.Apple Pan is so frickin good.  It's almost the as good as the 800 pounds I gain after eating a burger there.....almost.  The guys are super fast and really REALLY attentive.  They constantly refilled our soda and ketchup and even held out a napkin for me before I could reach for one!  Sadly, I must have looked like I badly needed one.  The burgers are amazing.  There's only two versions and they both make my fat cells beg for more.  Also, the little sno-cone cups that they put the soda in are weird, but kitschy.  I love this place.P.S.  Gotta get some pie too.....I really must employ a personal trainer....or at least a weight lifter to roll me out of Apple Pan after I'm done.Went here for the Apple Pie only. Wow! This pie is awesome. Equally awesome, if not more, is the Banana Cream Pie. Get it a la mode, if you dare. But be careful, the combo can knock you out for the day.Recommended for the pies. Always the pies.When I first stepped into the Apple  Pan, I was thrown off-kilter by its ambiance. This place is tiny, and definitely atypical from an average restaurant. What you see is literally the counter and bar stools surrounding the kitchen. You see people sitting side-by-side enjoying their burgers, the workers hustling and bustling in the kitchen, and the server chatting up with the patrons. And you hear chopping, lots of chopping of head after head of lettuce. Me and my companion both bore identical expressions of confusion for a moment, but we quickly adapted to the scene and hopped onto empty barstools, ready to order.After the server, an older gentleman finished joking with the patrons to our adjacent, he looked to us and asked us what we wanted to order. Both of us decided on hickory burgers, fries and cokes. While me and my companion were chatting, the server interjected in between our conversation. I was a little surprised by that since it was a bit unexpected. It's probably just me, but most of the time I tend to prefer the intimacy of having my own table to chat when I am dining.When the food was ready, it was served to us on paper plates... with paper napkins, and plastic utensils. I'm okay with that. However, I did not like how my drink was served to me. Apple Pan provides soda in a can. Although I prefer the taste of soda coming from the fountain freshly carbonated, it doesn't bother me to drink from a can. I was bothered by the cups they provided. You are supposed to drink your soda from a paper cone inside a metal cone-holder. Maybe I'm a soda-snob, but drinking a can of soda in a dixie-cup textured cup, served with no ice is kind of repulsive. What was even more annoying is that I constantly had to refill my pseudo-cup. After a few tries, I gave up and simply drank straight from the can.As for the burgers themselves... they were quite tasty. The meat was soft, tender, and juicy. What makes this burger particularly memorable is that Apple Pan has mastered the art of preparing the burger with absolute perfect lettuce-to-burger ratio. The lettuce is so thick, fresh, crisp, and has the perfect crunch upon chewing. This is enough for me to fall in love with their burgers and to crave it from time to time. Even though the hickory burger is delicious, I admit it is not nearly close to being "best" or within the range of being the best burger ever. Honestly, as much as I do like the burgers, the hickory burger was missing a special, vital "something" in the flavor.Overall, I greatly enjoy their burgers. This is a place I will return to again and again when I'm feelin like a burger-fix. That being said, in a nut-shell...In-n-out is better than Apple PanThat is all.2.5 but I will round up, barely.  I can understand the draw of an establishment that has been around for years but I do not understand the hype behind these burgers.  I have given it numerous tries and stood behind someone eating just waiting for a seat.  This is the ritual there,  you show up,  find someone who looks like they are almost done and just stand behind them.  Your literally a seat vulture waiting for the person to finish with their meal so you can scurry on in before they even have a chance to clean the table to grab your spot.  In the end when I get my burger it all seems like a waste of time.  When your eating, you feel the burn of people's stares in the back of your skull as your trying to enjoy your burger.  You can just hear them saying,  hurry up and stuff your face there guy so we can have a seat....  Maybe it is due to the fact that it is a "classic" place that people give it so much weight but that shouldn't skew the grades so much.  If I wanted an "old-fashioned" feel to my burger place I would go to Johnny Rockets or Rally's,  yeah it is not authentic but I would not waste so much time in line.The burger is alright,  not much better than an In-N-Out, more expensive, and a great deal more of trouble to attain.  I've had the hickory burger as well as the regular one and if I had to describe it more, the burger is just a less fast food version of an In-N-Out burger.  What a shame.   Yeah come here and the do routine so you can tell people you have tried it but that's all it was worth to me.Expensive for a burger and fries (and sometimes pie, too), but ohh so worth it.I really enjoy the hickory sauce they put on the hickory burger--so much so that I order a side of it for dipping my fries.Don't come here and expect to get a friendly service. Ever see the Seinfeld episode with the Soup Nazi? The guys behind the counter are his brothers.There's plenty of burgers available here in LA, for all tastes, and all wallet sizes.  I remain a fan of The Apple Pan because it consistently delivers a great, fresh burger.  If you're looking for the "see it, be it" crowd, then this is not the place; The Apple Pan is pure nuts and bolts.  It starts with you seating yourself at the first available counter seat (no one will bother waiting on you and don't get any funny ideas that  they're gonna even motion to seat you).  The waiters have been the same ever since I've been going there, and they expect you to know your order (think Soup Nazi from Seinfeld).  So brush up on their menu (it's not a very complex one) beforehand, or else Mr. Waiter will look at you with slight disdain.  Well actually, he'll look at you with slight disdain, regardless.Out of the two burger selections, I'm a fan of the Hickory Burger, with Cheese.  And an order of fries, with a root beer.  The fries arrive first, sometimes overly-crispy due to a little too much time frying.  Tasty nonetheless.  Mr. Waiter puts out a small paper plate and dollops some ketchup on there for me to dip.  Then my burger arrives, wrapped in simple white paper.  I've never been able to figure out quite what makes this a taste sensation, but my primitive senses are wowed by the melted cheese, hot burger, hickory sauce, and the texture of cold, crisp, thick lettuce.  Always.This is not a hang-out joint.  You sit, order, eat, pay, and leave.  Don't expect to get chummy with Mr. Waiter.  Personally, I've been in and out of this place in 15 minutes flat.  But happy each time.p.s. I've heard the pies are good.  Personally, I never had room in my stomach for more.Wow, this place is seriously still stuck in the 50's and I love it.  Upon entering this white with green trim house like structure on Pico, you can smell that you are in for a good greasy delight.  The shop is set up with a U shaped counter with red stools for customers to sit and place their order.   All of the waiters and cooks are friendly and efficient.  The efficiency is key since this place can get up to a 45 minute wait on the weekends.  Today I went with a simple burger with lettuce and ketchup (they do not serve tomatoes), fries, a coke and apple pie.  The food was just as I had remembered.  I have been coming to the Apple Pan since 1995, as my elementary school was just around the corner.  Up until today, it had probably been about five years since I had last eaten here.  I was happy to bite into the crispy hot french fries while I waited a few moments for my burger.  The burger arrived in the classic white paper wrap and was juicy, greasy and tasty.  I washed it all down with a nice cold coke, which they served in a silver holder with a paper cone.   I finished off my meal with a warm slice of their famous homemade apple pie.This place is a hit but remember when it comes time to pay, this place is stuck in the 50's so bring cash."You might also consider?" Lots of other places, if you're too far away or not in the mood for a burger fries and pie.If you like burgers, fries, or pies, then there really isn't any other place to consider.Hickory burger.Fries (done crispy)Banana Cream PieHands down the best burger meal in Southern California.'nuff said.If MacDonald's was posh it would taste like the Apple Pan.  The burgers really are great, the special sauce very familiar, the presentation and service are terrific.We found the apple pie itself pretty disappointing but it was nice to have it served with real ice cream and the waiter brought it on two plates which saved us from the scramble which always ensues when a dessert is split on one plate.  After reading other reviews I can't wait to go back and order banana pie next time.  The only thing which keeps me from awarding a 5th star is the price.2 cheeseburgers, 2 fries, one drink, one  slice of pie a la mode with tip came to $32.this environment makes you eat super fast because it's on an old school counter type. My bf and I both got the hickory burger and it was really good. Although different from the father's office burger (which i think is the best beside nepenthe), it was good for the price and the quality. The meat was very good. We had the apple pie thing with vanilla ice cream on top, it was good, but not as good as how people rave about it. I think I've tasted better apple pie. But definitely better than an umami burger. I've yet to try the counter.I LOVE THE APPLE PAN!  I don't care what anyone else says, it is my hands-down favorite. Period.  I get the same thing every time I go:steakburger with cheese, fries, iced tea. Always have, always will.    I always feel at home there and the guys who work there rock it.    I moved out of the LA area for 4 years and went to the Apple Pan straight-away when I returned.  As soon as I sat down the waiter asked me, "where have you been?  I haven't seen you for so long" and promptly place an iced tea in front of me.  That was really nice.  Nice +  great burger = :)Forget about Mel's or Cafe 50s.  If you want to experience an authentically 50's burger joint, you need to visit The Apple Pan.  The menu is limited, and I strongly suggest the Hickory Burger.   Its probably one of the best burgers in LA-- right alongside Father's Office and Fred's 62s.   There are no booths, only a counter.  Its small and quaint, yet always busy.   The waiters are also the cooks, and you can watch them prepare your burger.   The waiters are old tough men,  and sometimes mean.  Don't take a long time figuring out what you want, and don't ask too many questions.  Order, eat, and get out of there so a waiting customer can sit down.  Tip well despite the bad attitude.  Its one of those few times when its cool to be treated like crap.Everyone who knows food talks about this place. Just to let everyone know for a full meal it will cost about 20 bucks for that you will get a burger, fries , drink and pie a la mode. The pies are made here daily and some are seasonal due to the fruit. Banana pie here is hard for me to turn down but I do love the strawberry. As for the burger itself the meat makes it what it is. I do not think the hickory sauce is for everyone so try the original if you must. I will take the burger anyway they give it to me. Fries here are awesome. I do like to have a burger and fries to take home occasionally to drink with my secret stash of Limited Edition apple pie Snapple. TRY AND GET THAT @ APPLE PAN! HA! You can torture me and you will never find the last bottle I have hidden. IF anyone decides to try APPLE PAN then you could be in for a wait against the wall savouring over a burger than a customer is slowly devouring as he teaches his child how hamburgers should be made with the finest ingredients possible.Welcome to a West LA institution that has been nearly untouched by time for over sixty years. My dad grew up off of Westwood Blvd and has told me stories of being a kid and riding his bicycle to the Apple Pan for lunch in the 50's and 60's. My dad claims this restaurant is still "exactly the same" as when he was a child. I've personally been going to the Apple Pan for over twenty years and have never had a bad meal. The restaurant is like a small house with a lunch counter inside. Most of the servers have been there for as long as I can remember. The menu is simple and the food is excellent. I've always enjoyed the hickory burger (which I believe is the same as the steakburger, but only with BBQ sauce.) Sodas are served from cans into white paper cones that sit inside a holder which is a very cool authentic vintage touch. They have great apple pie and it's even better ala mode. The only major negative is that the parking is really tough. There is a small lot behind the restaurant, but good luck on that one. I usually just end up parking on the street and walking over. It also gets really crowded inside the restaurant and people end up having to stand while waiting for a counter seat. I remember a few years ago two friends of mine went there for lunch and two guys tried to snag the seats they were waiting for. It almost broke out into a fist fight and one of the old waiters with a white paper hat had to break the whole thing up! LOL!!!To me the parking and waiting issues are a small price to pay for a restaurant this awesome. I feel very lucky that this restaurant is not only still here, but is maintained as well as it is. I love the Apple Pan and it's truly one of the last original pieces of "Americana" left in a section of the city that has become increasingly diverse over the last fifty years.Disappointing!  I don't care about waiting, I don't care about grumpy servers, I don't care if my car gets a ticket for an expired meter. I WILL sacrifice for great food.  As a native Angeleno I should have been suspicious since I've hardly heard anyone rave about this place saying "dude, their burgers and pie are THE bomb!!".  But who would when we have In-N-Out or the more comparable yet FAR superior PIE N BURGER in Pasadena?  The burger is so lackluster here it made me question my entire existence.  The blame's not all on Yelp, Jonathan Gold bears some of the responsibility.  However, I'm starting to mistrust that pompous blowhard anyway.  Proceed with low expectations fellow yelpers and readers of yelp who count on us yelpers cuz we look out for you non yelpers, cuz we care about *themoreyouknow*...Great burgers! Love the atmosphere. Feels like you're sitting in a diner in 1950. They serve soda in little paper cones with metal holders. Ha!  The banana cream pie is sooo good, stuffed with bananas and the crust is thin and flaky. And I love how the counter guys pour ketchup for you. The seating situation can be a little annoying... it's hard to come here with more than one other person unless it's a really off time. I suppose it's just part of the experience. I love eating here.I really love this adorable neighborhood diner. It's old fashioned and super cute with a big horseshoe counter for seating.The burgers are fresh and not greasy. They aren't gourmet or fancy, just really solid, back to basics burgers.The pies are probably made with recipes that are at least 50 years old. Very homemade tasting and the banana cream pie is really as good as they say :)Go here for some good old fashioned burgers and pie!I was a little bit disappointed by my experience here. I came late afternoon, so it wasn't as crowded as usual. Both the steak and hickory burgers were quite good, though I preferred the steak more. I didn't enjoy the sauce that came with the hickory that much. Both had lots of lettuce and cheese.The real bummer was the apple pie. The crust wasn't sweet enough and lacked flavor. Don't get me wrong, I hate crusts that are too sweet, but this was too much the other way. The crust tasted a little burnt as well. The apple filling inside was just okay, though the apple "juice" that came along with it helped a bit.Come here once if you're a food tourist though."Nobody calls me chicken."  I feel like Marty McFly whenever I walk into the Pan- the joint is an old school throwback to 50s burger counters.  The servers are probably held-over from the past too- they're up there in age, but you wouldn't know it by the pep in their craft.  The dudes are zipping around the "U" counter, taking orders and whirling the ketchup onto your fry plate faster than Lindsey Lohan's return to rehab.The steak-burger is grilled to perfection, with a unique relish that adds a sweet undertaste.  The fat fries are a necessity with your meal.  I'm definitely trying the hickory burger next- it's missing the lettuce, but the burger seems to engulf the eater's claw.  I just wanted to chomp on it from the next seat over... dunno how well that would have gone over with the dude parked next to me.  I'm cursing the Apple Pan after the burgers are settled in... why?  Because the ghosts of Apple's past force me to yelp, "A slice with ice cream, please!"  And forking up 7 clams for a la mode docks the rating a star... but regardless, I ain't leaving till that slice swan dives into my stomach.Did someone say nostalgia?Being a second-generation Los Angelino (thaz a big deal) not only did my mother go here when she was a tyke, but her mom, my grandmother, rocked The Apple Pan way back in the day. The interior still hasn't changed apparently...Despite all that family biznass this place is a LA-must dining experience. The tuna sandwich always gave me a stomachache when I was little so I switched it up to the classic hamburger and fries. If you get that one ultra-speedy dude the service is so fast that being rushed becomes lyke the new cool thing!Don't forget, it's called The Apple Pan for a reason: the pies are remarkable. The warm apple mixed with the vanilla alamode is a triumphantly paradoxical feeling (hot/cold) that can only be reached at The Apple Pan on Pico. The Beautiful People Ranking: 7/10This place is bumping at lunchtime so you'll probably see some hotties. No spandex though.Ritz Ranking: 5/10Its old enough to be old style LA ritzie, but luckily its not at all.Crave Rating: 8/10You'll want to come back for that pie and ice cream. BRAIN FREEEZEIt's good, but not great. I love the antique register although when they guy added up my bill I felt like he added wrong and I ended up paying $27 for two hickory burgers, two fries and two cokes.It's pretty sad how places like these are dying down due to the evolution of fast food places having more than one drive thru and everything you need located in one shopping plaza. I went here last night with my friends I was awestruck by how nostalgic this place seems. I ordered the Steakburger, fries, and a coke, so did my friends, and my girlfriend ordered the Egg Salad Sandwich. The burger was good and so was the egg sandwich. The Pie was awesome, which we got ala mode. It's not like those places that give you a huge pie and a teaspoon of ice cream, they give you a pie with huge scoops of ice cream. It tasted great. The service was great, the grill is just feet away from you so you can see what's happening and they are always communicating with the customers. However, I got a parking ticket for parking in a residential area after 6pm. I wasn't mad, that was some good pie.Very unique-tasting burger.  I liked it.The seating situation was interesting.  There is no host[ess], so we had to figure out how/when to sit down ourselves.I ordered the steakburger, which was pretty good.  It featured a unique sauce, which I could have sworn contained cinnamon.  I liked it.  The fries were unremarkable, as was the apple pie with whipped cream.  The prices were a tad steep for a place that didn't use plates...but, all in all, a decent dining experience.Friday night, 12:00am, Dr. P  was hungry.  He didn't want fast food.  He doesn't like 7-Eleven hot dog as much as I do.  He didn't feel like going to a sit-down place.  Where to get decent somewhat gourmet food to go at midnight in West LA?  Of course, The Apple Pan.Dr. P got his favorite, Hickoryburger.  Juicy beef pattie, melted cheddar cheese, lettuce, pickle, mayo and Apple Pan's special Hickory smoked BBQ sauce.  I wasn't hungry and just wanted a bite.  I had one bite, then a second bite, then a third bite.  All of a sudden, I felt hungry.Dr. P also got a Combination Sandwich to save for our breakfast next morning.  Lots of ham, lots of lettuce, Swiss cheese, mayo, and fluffy white bread.  This was a simple but delicious sandwich.  But.... I still think the burger was better.We tried to get their banana cream pie, but they were out.  So we got a slice of Fresh Apple Pie a la mode, but they forgot our vanilla ice cream.  Boo~~~~  Luckily we had some ice cream at home.  The warm apple pie surprisingly went pretty well with strawberry ice cream, too.  Yum!The Apple Pan has the best Hickoryburger.  It is pricey, but so worth the splurge once in a while.  Especially on a Friday night at 12am.After just running the Santa Monica Classic 10k, my very depleted friends and I decided to refuel on burgers and pie from The Apple Pan. At the time it was very fun! Servers moving at light speed, chopping and pouring and dashing. The smell of apple pie was actually really pleasant too. Looking back on it though, nothing stands alone as spectacular. In fact, had we not been utterly spent and dazed from the 10k we most likely would have been irritated and disappointed. It's one thing to move and serve quickly, but if you're just going to throw the fries at me and overflow the drinks you pour and splatter ketchup on a plate nearby then it's not really good service is it? By the end of the meal my eating area looked like the soiled tray of a high chair. They generate their buzz on the "super quick" shtick but their burgers won't guarantee your return.I've been to the Apple Pan a few times and always had pretty good experiences.  It's like stepping off the street and into a time capsule from a simpler era, one without PDA's or credit cards.  For them not much has changed throughout the years and I doubt much ever will.  It's just simple stick-to-your-ribs wholesome goodness.  I like the Hickory Burger, which comes with a sauce that tastes like the illicit love child of ketchup and BBQ sauce.  The burgers come wrapped in paper so you can eat without getting the burger goo all over your hands.  As for dessert, I'm partial to the Banana Cream Pie.  At the Apple Pan, the pie slices are fresh, huge and nicely chilled.  My only beef (pun intended) would be that their prices are kind of on the high side.  Last time I got two pieces of pie (one for GF and one for me) and it cost me $14.  $14 for two pieces of pie???  It's good pie, but still!  Parking can also be a problem depending on what time of day you go here.  There is street parking but it's metered.  If you're in the Westwood area and craving a good old fashioned burger, food-wise the Apple Pan is a solid choice.  However, you have to bring cash because they DO NOT take credit cards!  Two stars for the high prices, the poor parking and for not accepting credit cards.  Four stars for the food.  Average rate = three stars.The Apple Pan is so awesome.  We got there at 1pm and it was pretty full.   We waited around 10 minutes before we were able to get 2 seats together. The Hickory Burger was great, with tons of ketchup and BBQ sauce.  Our waiter was amazing and kept giving us more ketchup and napkins.  It is like he could read our minds.  J loved the soda. They put the soda is this strange paper cup that made it taste awesome.  The apple pie ala mode was great.  Overall a great place to have a burger.If you're an LA native, don't be mad when I say the burger was just okay.  The Hickory Burger is plain and simple and i like that, but it doesn't hold a candle to places like Umami or Father's Office.On the other hand, the pie was OUTTA. THIS. WORLD.Banana Cream Pie, Banana Cream Pie...I'm willing to sit in all the traffic LA westbound streets can throw at me for another slice of this perfect Banana Cream Pie.  The setting of this place is cool too.  Did I mention I liked the Banana Cream Pie?COMPLETELY OVERRATED (but still, not a bad burger)I live down the street and everytime I mention where I live, people are trying to tell me, "ohmygod, you live by the Apple Pan." I finally dropped by to see what the hype was about.Mind you, I went in with moderate expectations - I wasn't expecting a transcendent experience. I did hope for a good burger. And I did get a good burger. Not a bad burger at all. It had a nice balance of beefiness played against the relish (and a little ketchup didn't hurt).But was it a $6.20 good burger? Lord no. For one third the price, I could have gotten a slightly smaller, but still equally tasty burger at In 'N' Out. And there's no way that Apple Pan can touch what I have found to be the best burger in America so far - Corner Bistro in Manhattan. Had the Apple Pan sold their burger for $4, I'd be much more convinced of the worth of place and though I did appreciate the ketchup-pouring service there, for the most part, I didn't feel like the ambiance of the restaurant contributed much to the higher price I was paying. I'm also convinced that there has to be a better burger in Los Angeles than here. If it can't even outdo In 'N' Out then it's just better than average but not *great*. Next stop: Father's Office.Warning: DO NOT COME HERE WITH A GROUP. This is a place where you sit right at the counter and it's difficult to find seats together when the place is busy. When the place is full, you stand along the wall, while your mouth waters at the food being put on the counter in front of the other diners!We went to the Apple Pan after seeing the movie Julie & Julia. This has been a favorite place to visit since college.  You can park for free at the Westside Pavilion and walk over to here.Gordon is usually our waiter. He's usually on the right side of the room as soon as you walk in. Once you get a sit, pull out the menu from the stand and be ready to order.Gordon gets your drinks right away. I love how sodas come with ice in a little paper cone cup that has a metal stand.  I've only ever had burgers here but the guy next to me was eating the egg salad sandwich, which also looked tasty!Fries are good and you get to salt them (or not) yourself and are super hot since they are so fresh.We got the last piece of apple pie that night.  I love their apple pie. I'm more of a filling eater than crust eater (so I don't know much about the crust) but the filling in the apple pie is just how I like it and it was served with ice cream.My friend Elly and I weren't that hungry after the movies so we split a cheeseburger, fries, each had a soda, she had a coffee, and split the last piece of apple pie ala mode and the bill was about $22.  We were both full and it was just the right amount of food for us (as it really was a light dinner #2)!Quicktip: A well oiled machine serving outstanding burgers & fries at lightning speed. Know ur order & it's cash only!This is how it should be; get in, get out, get on with your life. I love a great joint to "hang" at and camp so the servers miss out on that extra table... however, when I'm hungry, and I want a GOOD BURGER, THIS is the place. The thing that really shocked me is their seat waiting system. They leave it up to the customer. One would think "DISASTER! ANARCHY!" But no... You walk in, go to the right of the counter = you are waiting for a seat in that area. Adversely the same on the left side. People actually SPEAK to each other asking if a seat is available or allowing another to sit before them. This really astonishes me due to the LA stigma and the general lack of faith in the human race. But even more astonishing... how g'dam good the burger and fries are!!!Should I be upset that a persian family jacked my seat?  Should I be upset that my burger was thin and overcooked?No, I won't be upset.  I just won't go back.  Nice try Los Angeles establishment, you aren't tricking me this time.Rude Old Man: (in irritated voice) You want cheese?Guy: What kind do you have?Rude Old Man: It's either YES or NO!!That old man needs to get laid or something because I couldn't even enjoy my food or the place in general because I was scared he'd say something.It's not worth the wait, and the Hickory Burger wasn't even good. I don't understand why people are obsessed. The patty is thin, not tender, and the sauce was terrible.The only reason I give it 3 stars is because the BANANA CREAM PIE is to die for! It is absolutely perfect. I have no criticism whatsoever. It was like biting into heaven.I wouldn't go out of my way for The Apple Pan unless I have an absurd craving for banana pie.Apple Pan is really good but I definitely think it's a bit over-hyped and overpriced for what it is. First of all, ambiance is very unique. I think it's been around for almost a century? But, they kept everything looking the same with minimal remodeling so you get the old classic burger bar feel. They even have their old school cash registers (obviously don't take card) so bring cash! Limited seating though so you may have to wait. On to the food! Get the hickory burger. It's better than the original and the sandwiches aren't as good as the burgers. The fries are also good, nice and crispy. Soft drinks are served in a those carnival cones that you get for shaved ice. Drink fast or it'll leak! And for dessert, you must get the banana cream pie... it is the best by far. Yes, it's way better than the apple pie. As I said before, all the food listed above is really good but it adds up to like $17 after tax and tip... for burger, fries, coke, piece of pie... hmm... Apple Pan... RIDDLE ME THIS... why do you preserve ambiance from the past and charge prices of the future???[This review is purely on my experience with the service...or I should say, LACK of service.]Wow, so I believe the guy's name is Hector...he's the one who is responsible for the right side of the restaurant. If you're looking for a pleasant meal, wanna take your time and chill, do NOT sit in his section.Why is Hector so ready to pounce on you the second you sit down? He clearly is an old school guy and doesn't give two cents who you are. He's all business and wants people to get in, get out, and go on with their lives. The second time eating at The Apple Pan was not a pleasant experience for me and my coworkers. We felt like we were eating for our lives and scarfed everything down in minutes because Hector kept hovering. I get that it was busy and people were waiting for a seat, but SHEESH! Let me eat my damn burger! So for all you newbies, be aware. You will not be greeted with a smile. Once seated, be prepared to know what you want and order it fast...or else the vulture will keep circling...I'm not as rhapsodically in love with the Apple Pan as so many are (and not a hater either-- you know who you are). I don't go here that often, but when I do, I get exactly what I came for-- a solid burger; crispy, well-cooked fries and coffee that comes with real cream. I've only gotten the pie -- excellent, ice-cold banana cream -- once because after i've put down a steakburger with cheese and a side of fries, it feels like I've eaten a satchel of lead shot. I really like the counter staff too-- old-school, efficient, no-nonsense, much like the Apple Pan itself.The Apple Pan takes you out of LA completely once you're inside.  It's authentic and I mean a legit authentic old school burger joint.  The cash register is pre-1960, the plates feel like they have been passed down the generations, the workers look like they have been there since the place first opened, and the food is like something out of your favorite local restaurant in a small midwestern town (reminds me of the places presidential candidates are always shown eating at in Iowa just before the caucuses).  I still can't believe this place exists in LA and I applaud the local residents for giving the Apple Pan your money because the Apple Pan doesn't seem to fit with the Westside culture and you still embraced it.Note: It's cash only!5 stars for the atmosphere.4 stars for very small seating area (you need to stand against the wall and wait for someone to finish before grabbing their seat...it's honor system seating).4 stars for the burgers and fries.5 stars for the pies.4 stars for the wait to sit and eat.5 stars for doing the math manually to write out your bill in pencil and use that ancient cash register.Uhh. I don't know what's good in this restaurant.The burger is so small and plain. There is nothing special about it. I think in and out burger is a lot better and it is so freaking expensive.Definitely not going back here. It is not worth it.Bomb ass banana cream pie w ice cream! I don't care for pies but this has to be good!Tasty burgers!  I guess I went at the right time cause there were only a few ppl there (Wed night at like 9pm) so I got a counter seat no problem and had my burger within 10 mins.  They really don't like to specialize so I had to pick pickles out of my burger but it was still very tasty.  The apple pie was also yummy.  There was a dead rat outside though which I thought was nasty.Still think In n Out is better though!I feel I can't give this place an entirely fair review since their bread and butter is hamburgers and I don't eat red meat, however I can review my experience and the food I did try.We walked in at 10:45 on a Thursday and had to wait maybe 3 minutes for 2 seats to open up. I was expecting more than what i saw. The ambiance is pretty sad and it felt a little claustrophobic. Everyone's yelping that it is supposed to be a 50's style diner, however I didn't get that vibe at all. There were no colors, throwback paintings or poodle skirts in sight. To me it felt more like a cafeteria in an asylum. I ordered the grilled swiss cheese sandwich with the fries. The fries were actually very good. Nice and hot. The grilled cheese sandwich...not so much. How do you mess up a grilled cheese? It was dry and I know a grilled cheese is just grilled cheese, but if you're gonna charge me $6 and change, then at least give me a thicker slice of cheese, throw a tomato on it or something! My friend had the steakburger and was not impressed either. Then, when it was time to pay, I realized they were "cash only".  I get that they're trying to maintain the "old school" vibe BUT here's the thing, it's 2010, people need options. You can keep the vintage cash register, i'm not asking you to ditch it, but I am asking that you add this futuristic thing called a credit card machine. It doesn't have to be on display, you can hide it under the counter if you're that concerned about it ruining  your watered down "motif". Just a suggestion.Oh, and what's the deal with all the disposable plates and styrofoam cups?! We may have rolled like that back in the 50's when we didn't know any better but you have to adapt my friends. That is SO irresponsible. The Apple Pan's carbon footprint is bigger than it's ego.Overall, I wouldn't come back here. Maybe I'll try the banana cream pie "to go". But how dare you chage $20 for a less than average burger, grilled cheese and 2 fries? The owner needs to take some of that profit and buy some reusable plates.I went here with a friend who traveled from Irvine to LA (~30 miles) to eat here EVERY WEEK for an entire year. That definitely says something about not only the food but about a kind of familiarity that people like to establish when it comes to mom and pop shops. The restaurant is small and cozy. There are no tables; you can only sit behind a horseshoe shape countertop that surrounds the grill, cashier and other employees scurrying around. There's a very 1950's feel to it and they even use an old fashioned cash register, probably one that's been there since it's opening in 1947.I've heard rumors that the wait can be pretty long but ours was only for about 15 minutes. Of course it is a bit awkward to stand around considering that the place is relatively small. I was tempted to stare at people eat to encourage them to hurry up.I ordered the regular cheeseburger which is topped with Tillamook cheddar (one of my favorites) and barbeque sauce. The meat patty was good but not too seasoned. The fries were tasty, nothing out of the ordinary. When the waiters bring it out, they even pour your ketchup for you. Luckily, we each wanted pie so I was able to taste the apple pie (what they're known for), pecan pie and boysenberry pie. I don't prefer any of these fruits/pies so my opinion is fairly unbiased when I say that I enjoyed the pecan pie the most. However, it did come out a little lukewarm (I like it piping hot!). It definitely took some effort to make room in my second stomach for dessert though.I think this restaurant's strong point is definitely the fresh ingredients in each and every item, not necessarily it's superb ability to season the meat or it's unique menu variety. It's a cute place to take someone for a casual meal.Heard a lot of raves about Apple Pan, but left sorely disappointed. Had to drive around the block, because parking was definitely a problem (8 spots). And as you walk in, there are about 15 counter seats only. The only good thing about eating here was the "old fashioned, warped into a 50's diner feel". However, let me tell you the reason's it is only rated as a one star:1. the guy taking your order, he's gonna reach down from under the counter somewhere, grab your raw burger patties, and slap it on the grill for the cook.2.  the 'cute' metal cup holders they place the paper cone cups in...have probably never been washed ( flipped it upside down, and yep, a crusty ketchup dollap on the bottom)3.  the special sauce, something from out of this world and not in a good way.4.  if the fries are left out on the pick up counter too long, the cook will trhough it back in the fryer and re-fry it. and he will also eat out of the it too.I could be mean and go on some more, but hopefully you wil get the picture....If In and Out had Apple Pan's fries, OMG, life would be perfect. I was so glad that my local friends took me to this terrific institution on my first night in LA. The steakburger is good, but it has some odd seasoning on it that includes, I do believe, cinnamon. The hickory burger is better (bbq), in my humble opinion.I was so upset that the only pie they had left at the late hour we ate there was one of my least-favorite pies in the world, pecan, and even that was wonderful. It came with several scoops of French vanilla ice cream and I was sold. The counter and the staff are a lot of fun. The waiting part is a little confusing, but here's what I make of it:  you kind of linger behind people who look like they're finishing up, but if people away from you get up, the people hovering behind them should offer those seats to you if you have been waiting longer.Note: they have the coconut cream pie on Wed & Fri only. Banana cream pie runs out "early"... got there close to 9PM and they were all out. mehhhhhOVERRATED! ...enough saidThe Apple Pan: When You Feel Like Going to an Old-Looking Johnny Rockets With Pies.P.S. The pies are not that good.Important note: Cash onlyA slightly different take on the traditional burger joint.  Rather than order at the register and then sit to have your food brought out to you or be seated and then have the wait staff come to you, you first have to find a seat before you can order.  The seats are placed in a U-shape around the cooks who are in the center where everyone can see them prepare their food. There aren't a ton of seats and it's a first-come-first-serve basis so the bigger the group, the more trouble you'll have finding seating for your entire group.  Groups of 1 or 2 can usually get in and be seated with little trouble unless you come during the lunch or dinner rush. Parking is not particularly fun since they have a small lot in the back, but more often than not, you'll have to find street parking with a bunch of meters. The simplest solution is to park in the Westside Pavilion across the street and run over.When I first saw the menu, I was a bit surprised to see a place like The Apple Pan charge over $7 for a burger especially since they weren't that big and there weren't very many options.  You have a choice between the Steak Burger and the Hickory Burger. Outside of that, they offer some sandwiches, fries, and pies.I've had the burgers and they're not bad, but they're not the greatest I've ever had.  The fries on the other hand aren't very good. I suppose it would appear the people around me got fries that were crunchy and crisp, but mine were disappointingly soggy on both visits.I've never had their pie before, but that might also be because I've never really had a big spot for pie and at the time, I never had pie.  But at $6 a piece, it does put a moment of hesitation for me (especially since I was still a UCLA student at the time).  I'm going to assume that it's pretty good, but it wouldn't be the first time the namesake of a restaurant was ironically piss poor.Overall, I would say come for the experience of sitting where the hamburger cooks are in the middle and enjoy the atmosphere, but beyond that? I would have to say that there are tons of burger places that are more preferable to this joint. In fact, I'd rather go to In-n-Out. Plus, In-n-Out is way cheaper.Price: 3Service: 3.5Food: 2.5What The Apple Pan lacks in ambiance it makes up with taste.  A combination (ham and cheese, without lettuce for me! ) tastes great with lots of yellow mustard, extra pickles (both sweet and classic) and fries.  The server caters to me, always pouring me extra ketchup and handing me napkins.  Sometimes I order dessert.  Come prepared with cash as The Apple Pan is "cash only."  The food is affordable and high quality.  I hear the burgers are excellent.  The coffee comes in fancy green cups.  The seating is a lunch counter.  Sometimes there is a wait.  I have never been inconvenienced as I always dine at The Apple Pan alone.  I just squeeze on in.I don't know why this place is so over-rated. People from West LA get very nostalgic for the Apple Pan but it's just okay. I don't see the attraction.  To eat here is to deprive yourself of all things good. The burgers are greasy and the apple pie is no better than Marie Calendars. There's nothing memorable about the food at the Apple Pan. This place is just a tourist trap that everyone visits, because some one said you need to do so. Frankly, the burgers here are no better than In & Out, Johnny Rockets or Fat Burger. This place is just a landmark that makes folks nostalgic and reminds them of a simpler time. But do you really want to go back to that simpler time? You eat on paper plates, sit at a counter with uncomfortable stools, and drink out of paper cone shape cups. Moreover, crotchety old waiters serve you with enough hospitality and warmth as an INS agent at LAX.  It's a depressing dining experience. For a better fast dining experience, In & Out, Houston's hickory burger, or a pub burger just makes more since.  Don't get entangled in this tourist trap.I feel conflicted when it comes to The Apple Pan. On the one hand, I'd love if the place got BIGGER and/or sprouted multiple branches... but on the other hand, the charm of the place is really all about waiting in a long line until you finally get to sit down at that '50s era diner table. I don't even mind the dude that yells at you to order faster- it's part of the unique experience that comes with eating at The Apple Pan.The burgers... Wow, what can you say? Whether it's the hickory sauce, the finely portioned fat-to-meat ratio in the ground beef, or that wonderful Tillamook cheese they slap on the grilling meat patties- I WISH I HAD ONE OF THEIR BURGERS IN FRONT OF ME RIGHT NOW!The drinks are also straight out of poodle skirt-America... I got a cream soda served in a paper cone cup, which was held by a chrome cup holder- it really IS like eating a meal 50 years ago... except without the racism and fear of imminent nuclear war.And the APPLE pie at The APPLE Pan? It's alright- flaky crust, but freshly baked, with sweet apple filling... I actually prefer my pies to be deeper, but hardly a point worth arguing at a truly great establishment such as this.What can I say? I wish there were more places like this, but then it would take away what's special about The Apple Pan. Oh well, as long as it stays the way it is (which it probably has for the last 50 years), I'll be happy.Their signature hickory burger is good, but thier regular burger is probably one of the best LA has to offer.  All ingredients are fresh and the burgers include a perfectly cut, refreshingly crisp iceberg wedge to complement the sizzling, substantially thick patty.  If you can make room for it, their banana cream pie is a must.  A warning: they only accept cash and I'll have to admit, the pricing threw me off a bit at first.  There's no combos here--everything's ordered a la carte and everything seems to cost twice as much as you'd usually pay for a burger/fries/malt/slice o' pie.  But the quality is undeniable and in the long run, paying a little more for something extraordinary is pretty reasonable to me.Avoid rush hours as much as possible--lunch, dinner, etc.    Going at a normal mealtime will invariably result in situations that will definitely detract from your dining experience: cantakerous, surly, grizzled old men in dirty white aprons who will treat you like dirt if you don't put in your order within 2 seconds of entering through the front door; no parking and subsequently 10-15 minutes of circling the neighborhood for a curbside spot; a drawn-out, awkward wait lasting between 30 minutes to an hour, where you and your date will alternate between leaning against the walls and hovering behind other seated customers in the vain hope they'll leave sooner, all the while elbowing other waiting customers from taking over your hoverspot.  Go after 11pm--when you're suffering from the munchies after a late-night showing at the AMC across the street--when the crowds are gone and there's actual room to breathe and hear yourself talk.  The classiest of grillmasters will treat you to a solid burger, mayhap a mountain of fries, a slice of pie and some soda pop in a paper cone to top it off.  You won't regret it.Like a fine wine, particular movies go well with diner food. After "Be Kind, Rewind", Apple Pan seemed the obvious neighborhoody choice.Ok, let's get the cons out of the way first: we split a sandwich, fries, and a peice of pie, and had 2 root beers, it came to $17 ?!?!?!  So, know before you go: if yer a tipper, it'll cost about $20 per person, which is flat out outrageious for  a diner. Accept it and come anyway, even if just once..the atmosphere is up there with Cliftons as an LA institution, and if the prices are higher, well, we were fed and waited on in 12 minutes, and both full..This place looks like a tiny dark old school diner from the outside, but once in, it's a brightly lit diner..minus ALL the booths!  Just a c-shaped bar like the dresden, with old school shiny red vinyl bar seats ringing it, and a kitchen in the middle with ONE MAN keeping it all under control.  We were in luck, and had no wait for seats at all.  IBC root beers come in paper cone cups in these rad stainless steel holders, the fries were the best fries i've EVER had in America (hey, fries are fantastic in holland, ok?), and HE POURED OUT THE KETCHUP FOR ME!!  The pie..well.. it was delicious, hand made, old fashioned..but weirdly watery. Delicious, but odd. Definitely fresh with no preservatives at all.If I come again (which I probably will, since it's so close to the new schmancy Landmark), I'm TOTALLY going to gear up old 50's style, head to toe! Who care what people think--I'M AMUSED!ahh Apple Pan how I adore thee.Last year many sunday mornings were spent playing softball with coworkers in the park.  We never won any games but we usually had a good time.  After one vicious thrasing we decided to head over and find a good burger to sooth our souls.  We drove for a few blocks and saw a tiny little house converted into a diner.  Upon a glowing recommendation of a coworker we decided to pop on in.The diner was very cute and everything smelled delicious.  As we looked over the cheeseburgers and pies that people were munching down on we immediately took a row of seats, cocked or heads to the side and asked the chef "I can has cheeseburger?"  After looking at us like we were retarded he proceeded to make one of the best cheeseburgers I've had.Nothing real fancy.  Just a damn fine burger.  Each bite was savored and enjoyed till we had no choice but to swallow and take another orgasm inducing bite.  Then came dessert. Dear Lord in heaven I hope you have the creator of the banana cream pie in a special spot in heaven.  Here was an absolute msterpiece of a banana cream pie!  I honestly thought I was going to pass out in pleasure.When the bill came it was a sap back into reality for us.  We forgot to break it up ndividually so it seemed worse than it was. In the end we were glad to pay any amount for such a delectable meal.As I said before, nothing fancy...but REALLY damn good.I should've read more reviews before I came here, I scanned the first 5 and that was it. I've never been here before so here's the skinny for any other newbies that are too lazy to read through the 300+ reviews...1. Seating is a U shaped counter. No tables. Just wait for a spot and sit down.2. Menu has like 5 sandwiches,  5 desserts, and that's about it. 3. Cash only.4. Very fast and minimal here. Everything is disposable and burgers come out in 5 min.The food here is pretty good and I liked the simplicity of everything. I didn't try the desserts but they looked really good. Not sure if the food is enough to bring me back and I'm worried that with the limited seating, waiting could be an issue.I was just thinking about this place the other day because I had a craving for their hickory burger and a slice of their delicious apple pie...But then I remembered the long lines (place is pretty tiny), limited parking and the fact that our server messed up on our order (charged us for fries that we didn't get) and so this lead me to go elsewhere...Don't get me wrong I like their burgers and I love their pies but I just don't want to deal with all that other stuff...Food: I tried the steak and hickory burger. Great patties and very classic spreads like ketchup and relish. This is just your old school burger without all the frills you get at Umami burger or Father's Office. Lettuce, tomato, regular buns, it's all the components of a traditional burger! The fries were very crispy, just the way I like it! The apple pie and vanilla ice cream was delicious! The crust was very different, it was a lot harder so it doesn't soften even when it's been sitting in melted ice cream for a while. The apples in the pie tasted really fresh! Ambiance:This place is very small, only seats a U shaped dining counter of people. Everything is very retro and classic dinner type feel. The cash register looks like it's probably older than my grandma. There is no a/c so if you are going on a hot day, be prepared to drop a few pounds of water weight!Service: A lot of self-service. You seat yourself wherever you like, grab your own menus and get the attention of the waiters to order when you are ready. They do bring you water and refill it as needed. Price: Cheaper than Umami burger and Father's Office but still on the pricier side of a no frill, standard burger. But the quality is good so it's worth a few extra bucks. Overall: If I'm every craving a classic burger, I'm totally down for dining at this place again!My family has been frequenting the Apple Pan for over 20 years.  Without a doubt, they serve one of the best burgers in Los Angeles.  Unfortunately, I am a vegetarian now and no longer can partake in the joyous experience of biting into their juicy burger with melted Tilamook cheddar cheese.  Thus, I am giving them four stars, as opposed to five, since they do not offer veggie burgers as an alternative.  Sure, I could order a grilled cheese sandwich but that does not satisfy me to the fullest extent.  Nonetheless, I like their fries - extra crispy on request - and sweet pickles.  I also love the chocolate cream pie for dessert....deeeeelicious!The retro vibe of this joint is super cool.  I love how the owners never changed a thing since the 40's (except the price!).  How can you not love that paper cone cup in a vintage plastic base?This restaurant is *horrendous* and the multiple positive reviews that it has, all over the place, are mystifying.  Apple Pan is a small burger shack, with seats arranged around a central grill area which is run by a sullen old man. That's totally fine and good, and it's usually a good sign when it comes to comfort food.  Apple Pan's burgers are however, overpriced, have very little meat, are gristly (quite a feat to catch this much gristle, considering the 1/16th of a lb of meat on a burger), are served on flimsy paper plates, have half a pound of iceberg lettuce on them and the lauded 'hickory burger' is basically the addition of MASSIVE amounts of sub-standard MSG laden hickory smoked (read: liquid smoke carcinogen sauce) barbeque sauce from some generic bottled brand.  I (and dining companion) had an MSG headache for half a day after one hickory burger, which took ages to be prepared (one other couple being present on a slow weekday afternoon).  What are you paying ($20+ for a burger, fries, coke, pie for one person) for? I guess the kitschy charm of a bad burger served in a filthy, ugly hovel (posh McDonald's?! what on earth are the other reviewers smoking? every single taco truck I've been at has been nicer) by a surly old man.  If you like the taste of MSG and artificial smoke flavoring on a poor burger, and can't cook one yourself, this is the place for you.  I'd rather pay for being beaten with a stick for the authentic experience of getting brained instead. Too bad yelp does not have a zero stars option.It's unfortunate that better, older places have died out and this crappy place is still around.  Note: being around for a long time is not grounds for giving this place a four star or better rating, when it's sub-par at best.  Go visit some other cities where hundred year old stellar institutions are still around and packed and stop treating this place like it is a wonderful example of a bygone era that you must support because your hippie leanings tell you to.They get a 3 star rating because I have yet to try their burgers, but I AM a fan of their EGG SALAD sandwich, fries and pecan pie a la mode. It costs about $6 for the sandwich, $2 for the fries, and $7 for dessert. Service is on point here considering its a small establishment, and our waiter was super friendly & old skool, I was a good customer. Sat next to the window where you can see the oven where they bake the pies, and found myself drooling over each new tray of freshly baked goodness that came out. Great place during the week, early afternoon, but its usually like Pinks, long lines! They get a thumbs up for their interior design, so cute! They've got those old diner barstools wrapped around the grill area in which goodness is made.  2 good friends of mine who are also L.A. natives both highly recommended this place for the burgers, so you'll have to take THEIR words for it. ;-) Let me know if they are right. OR, stay tuned til I become carnivorous again.Eh, I could take it or leave it.  I prefer to leave it.Parking is...well, it's parking in West LA.  They only have a few spots out back, but there's a public lot (that you pay for) a few blocks over, or you can try to find street parking.The atmosphere is kind of cool, but there is very limited seating.  Frankly, I don't think it's worth standing against the wall and hovering until people leave (it's one U-shaped counter with stools).  The burgers are good, nothing to write home about, but good.  I wasn't so much into the fries.  The apple pie was acceptable, but I have high pie standards, so I might not be the best person to dole out pie reviews for a burger joint.I will give them props for efficiency.  Watching those guys work is pretty damn cool.  Overall, though, I was relatively unimpressed with what I had been told would be the best burger of my life.Decent Burger and Fries spot, nothing spectacular. It's an old fashioned diner type restaurant, the staff are nice and the service quick. If you nearby try it out but don't go crazy to try it.To give you an idea of how long this place has been hopping my mother went on dates here, and so did my grandparents.Absolutely stellar food stellar service, and just a fun old school atmosphere that becomes increasingly rare as places get trendy.  This place has not sold out and hasn't changed too much since it opened.  There is almost always a wait by a lot of the old schoolers in town even when they are opening, and it is definitely worth that wait.  If you're on this side of town it is worth stopping by.  Keep it simple go with hickory burger, fries and a coke.P.S. Coke served in little Dixie cones makes it for meThis "burger bar" is designed so that the only seating available is along a counter that circles the kitchen. What this implies is that you may end up sitting next to a stranger.While this is generally OK as a rule of thumb, it was not OK during my particular visit. The woman I sat next to smelled awful. It was blatant that she had dropped one in her pants and didn't bother to fix the situation. According to the friends I was with, it was evident via my facial expressions that something was awry.So therefore I wasn't able to enjoy my food. The burger might have tasted OK, but my memory is unfortunately tainted.Does it say something about my culinary tastes that I am reviewing two famous left coast burger joints in a row?  Maybe I really like to eat hamburgers or maybe I am just a pig when I travel.  I think it funny that the land of sex and plastic people that we call Los Angeles has some of the best burger joints in the country.The Apple Pan has been around forever.  Yes forever.  I think it is as old as my Dad.  That type of staying power says something.  When you walk into this place it takes you strait back to the 1940's.  The resteraunt consists of a long u shaped bar with some grills and servers in the center.  The soda comes in a paper cone and the burgers are oh so delicious.  I recommend the hickory burger and fries, simple but satisfying.What kind of good Ohio boy would I be if I did not give a shout back to my home state by saying that the hickory burger and apple pie recipes came from there in the 19 teens.  When I saw that on the back of the menu it made me chuckle.........  Ohio food in L.A. and it is the best.For desert don't forget the award winning apple pie.  I did not try it personally due to my overconsumption of meat, but I saw many people come in to buy them while I was there. It must be good.GO TO THE APPLE PAN.  You won't regret it.  If you don't want to take my word for it, then listen to the experts at Saveur Magazine.  It made their list of the top ten burger joints in America.The Apple Pan is an LA food landmark.  I'm a native angelino and I know it can be tough to objectively rate a place you've grown up with.  But you can trust The Burger Guy to be honest and fair when it comes to burgers.The Apple Pan Burger 8/10I liken Apple Pan to a non-chain version of In-N-Out.  It's got a retro feel, they only serve a few items, and the burgers have a one-of-a-kind taste.  Nothing quite tastes like an In-N-Out burger, and nothing quite tastes like an Apple Pan burger.  It's a sweet burger, built around the delicious Apple Pan homemade ketchup and hickory sauce.  The rest of the burger is simple in it's construction: lettuce, pickles, and your choice of cheddar or Swiss cheeses (one of the guys working there suggests getting both).  The beef patty is cooked beautifully, but is nothing special in itself.  What shines here is the beef to bun ratio and the bun itself.  It might be the softest tastiest white bun I've had.  Also, I do not factor these things in to my ratings but I feel like the price is a little much for what you get (the burger is average size).The Burger Tour-Yuca's7.75-The Counter7.25-Chano's6.5-The Oinkster8.25-Father's Office9.25-The Foundry9Henry's Hat6.75-Slow Club (San Francisco)9.75-Capitol Burger7-Cassell's7-8oz8-25 Degrees6.5-The Golden State9-Apple Pan8-CommeCa8.5-Fix8-26 Beach7.25-JNJ Burger Shack8-Master Burger7.75-The Bowery9-Fatburger7.75-Umami Burger8.75-Juicy Burger8.5-Oaks Gourmet8.75* (*Maggie did not vote)-Hawkins7.25-Irv's Burgers7.75-Rustic Canyon9.5(Maggie not voting below)-5 Guys8-The Habit8.5I've been coming to the Apple Pan for 27 years and nearly every time I'm in there, somebody else remarks on how they've been going even longer. Whenever I talk to these other old-timers, we all agree:FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED. Memorize who came after you and under no circumstances allowed them to take cuts, unless you're intentionally giving your seat to an elderly person or something. Allowing people to jack your spot is like feeding pigeons -- a bad idea. FIRST COME, people, FIRST SERVED. You do not get to take the seat of the person you're standing behind. You get the next seat that opens up when everybody who got there before you has been seated. Thus it has always been, thus it shall ever be.In and Out & Johnny Rockets Copied THIS place.The Apple Pan is aall time Classic Old School American Diner.This is the original, same as it ever was.This place has the best Egg Salad Sandwich EVER!Why?Simple Very Fresh Egg Salad and a Large Portion of High Quality Iceberg Lettuce on White.The Lettuce they use here is Super Quality Grade AAA.The Combination of the Soft Egg Salad and the Crisp Lettuce is Fantastic!Try the Egg Salad Sandwich Here!Best Dishesbanana creme pie * (best dish)Egg Salad on White * (Best Dish)Hickory BurgerTuna Salad on WhitePicklesApple Pie A la ModeCounter service only, Cash Only.Bonus Points:This place only has about 7 items on the whole menu.Official Score:3.5 stars for the food + .5 stars for old school atmosphere, + 25 stars for the 7 item menu.Total score 4.25 starsThe Apple Pan has been a staple in my life.  My Dad's been taking me there forever!The menu is very limited, the seating is sparse, the parking is bad, the pricing is just ok, but for some reason I keep coming back.  Oh yeah, it's THE PIE!  The burgers are good, same goes for the fries, but for some reason topping it off with the pie just seals up the whole package with a bow!  It's some kind of synergy that makes the whole greater than the sum of its parts.The vibe is wayyyy old school.  Like unrestored OG Los Angeles, not hipster, retro-sheik.  The counter boy may seem old and grumpy, but after years of the cold shoulder once every month or two I came to find that he has worked there since it recently opened when he was a teenager!   When he comes by have your order ready, and don't ask for stupid stuff not on the menu and you'll be ok.My wife hates it here, but it has a special place in my heart ;)I feel like I'm in an Archie Comic style 'Pop's Burgers' throwback to the past everytime I eat here!  It's counterservice and very cozy but be prepared for long lines and even grumpier service if you go during lunch or dinner.  The hamburgers are good but pricey!  Close to $9 for a burger and that's without fries.  But the meat is fresh.  I know that some yelpers have complained about the cleanliness but seriously, the place is just a little greasy.  You can see your food being prepared right in front of you.Cash only and the servers/burger people are grumpy! Don't ask too many questions or you'll be glared at.  I love it!  how many times have I dined with indecisive people who ask a dozen questions and then decide not to order?  Well, I'll like to see them try that here.  I've seen a Kate Hudson trendy mom getting chewed out when she had the cheek to ask for soymilk and maybe tofu.  Grief, this is a burger joint, not a vegan place.  Why bother to come here in the first place?  Needless to say, her kids enjoyed their meaty burgers and greasy fries with great relish while she sat shell-shocked throughout the rest of her meal.  It appears that the whole I'm beautiful, blonde, and skinny thing doesn't charm the burger man!Grumpy service aside, this place is great for a non nonsense meal.  Hubby and I split a slice of apple pie and our burger man decided to give us two slices instead at no extra charge.  He told me not to eat it if it's no good but it was so I gobbled it up.  He continued to grumble his way down the counter, doing what he does best, serve up a nice burger, fries, soft drink, and a slice of pie.  Couldn't get any more Americana than that!Oh, it's CASH only!I finally got to try this place out yesterday. It's a straight up diner and the burgers/fries were probably the best tasting diner dishes I've had in a while.I tried both the Steak Burger and the Hickory Burger. I'd recommend the Hickory Burger over the Steak one just because I liked the taste a lot better. However, both were superb. Make sure to your burger with cheese. If you order fries, they'll be given to you right way since the kitchen is in front of your face and your server just has to turn around and grab them. My server then asked us if we wanted ketchup and he poured it into a plate for us, cool. The soft drinks are also served in a unique cup--I'd recommend getting the creme soda or something.I knock off one star because since it's The Apple Pan, and many people recommended it, I ordered and was disappointed by the slice of Apple Pie that was served to us. It was pretty soggy and falling apart. It was a little warm, but not uniformly warm throughout the slice. I think that they just warmed it up in a non-rotating microwave so it wasn't warm all around. Even if it was all warm, however, it wasn't like the best tasting apple pie around. Perhaps if I got it with ice cream it would have been more worth it?At any rate, I wouldn't mind coming back here. The prices are decent, service is quick (if you can find a place to sit), and the food is tasty (except the Apple Pie).Lastly, parking sort of confused us. We came after 6PM on a Tuesday and we parked on the street right next to the restaurant. On the restaurant door it said, "no parking on 'street name' after 6PM." We still parked there and everything was fine. I was just a tad worried. Anyway, good place to check out.A four star burger and a five star banana cream pie (I'm averaging down). The Apple Pan is clearly untouched by time. On the back of the menu they list the date of origin for many of their pie and burger recipes -- most date back over 100 years. I honestly don't understand the complaints that the burgers are pricey. $6.50 or so seems like a very fair price for a made-to-order burger with decent ingredients. Then again, I hail from San Francisco and have grown accustomed to spending $15 or more for burgers prepared by chefs. Anyway, give The Apple Pan a try and most definitely order a slice of banana cream pie for dessert.There are gourmet burgers and there are regular burgers... this is a regular burger.  I have a special place in my heart for both kinds of burgers but you kind have to judge them for what they are and know what you are walking into.The Apple Pan is a great ol' burger joint... no truffle oil, weird name cheeses or odd easter philosophies... just a amazingly made american cheese burger.  Their philosophy is embodies in their restaurant layout, which still looks like its out of the 50's.  One long U-shaped table, wrapping around the main cooking area.... and that's it.THE FOODThe Hickory Burger - 4 out of 5 - served with mayonnaise, pickles, lettuce with an optional Tillamock cheese for 40 cents (ADD IT!!!!).  The adage, less is more, applies here.  This is just a simple and straightforward burger executed to perfection.  The patty ands tender and covered in their house sauce and the combination of all the items makes for a more than satisfying whole.THE RESTI usually order fries on the side but they really aren't noteworthy.  Also, interestingly the serve their sodas in old style paper cone held inside a metal holder.  It is by no means functional but a nice old school touch.OVERALLOne of the better straight up burgers you can have anywhere.My mother brought me here when I was a little girl and the place looks exactly the same as it did 20+ years ago.THE.  best.  pies.  Especially the banana cream.  And also the chocolate cream.  And the apple and the pecan.  For the apple pie, they have a whole vat of extra sauce from the apple filling which is gloriously ladled onto every slice.   Their pie crust is light and flaky and you can still taste the natural sweetness of their whipped cream because it's not heavily sugared. Burgers are great and so are their fries.  Come to think of it, everything is good.  And they're open late.Rolled in on a Saturday later afternoon around 2pm. We only had to wait about 5 mins for a seat. The guy helping us at the counter was really nice. The food came out fast... and this is where the story takes a turn. I guess I should have ask what the "their own sauce" was on the Steakburger. That horrible mix of sweet relish and ketchup. Dude... yuck. Actually it's just the relish I despised. I could put ketchup on my ketchup and be happy. The meat patty it self was ok, but "their sauce" ruined it for me. Also split a slice of Apple Pie though. That was pretty good, but I'd skip the burger in the future. The burger is 2 stars, but the service, pie, and fries will bump it up to 3 stars.The Apple Pan Possibly the best burger on the west side. Open since 1947, The Apple Pan boasts a diner-like restaurant full of regulars around the U-shaped counter and the original "Steakburger", with its distinct hamburger relish. You can tell the ingredients are fresh, and it is served with lettuce, cheese, pickles and ketchup. No fountain drinks here, the staff serves drinks in the can.The service is a bit stark, so if you are looking for warm and fuzzy friendly..you are not going to be happy here.I finally went to The Apple Pan because I've heard so much about it.  Sometimes I wish I could erase the hype I've heard regarding a place because it generally doesn't help my opinion...rather it hurts it.  Such is the case with The Apple Pan.I LOVE the old school feel of the place.  Old swinging doors with a giant counter.  You basically wait for someone to leave and then swoop in on the stool.  There are no wait staff, just the cook dudes behind the counter.The standard burger was really good.  Their special sauce was like a ketchupy-relish thing.  I'm sure there is a name for it but I don't know what it is.  Very juicy.  This isn't a place that asks for your preference on the way the burger is cooked.  You get it they way they cook it.The fries are also good.  Super piping hot (not good for me when I'm hungry - I tend to bypass pain for hunger which usually leave me with a burnt mouth later).The food is all around good.  The problem I have is the price of the food.  $6.75 for a hamburger, 0.50 extra for cheese and $2.25 for fries.  Add a drink and you're looking at about $12 for one person.  In my opinion this is a place that been around for a while, is well known and was probably featured on a few FoodTV programs and got really popular.  The burger isn't big...maybe the size of an In N Out single and the fries could be shared, but they are easily single serving.I think what I'm trying to say is that the food is good, but it's overpriced in my opinion.  You could get a much bigger burger on a platter at a restaurant for about the same cost, and about the same quality.  Sure there is character here (as there is with many LA joints that people insist paying more at) but I personally, don't make enough money to pay for that character.I'm glad I went to try it out so I don't have to hear, "You've NEVER been to Apple Pan?!"  but I probably won't go back until I feel comfortable dropping cash like that.Try it yourself and see what you think.So the Apple Pan is no way perfect. But if you walk in with the right expectations you will understand why Yelpers and Angelenos love this spot.The Apple Pan is definitely 'old school'. From standing around waiting for a counter spot to open up to the paper plates that food is served on- AP is a throwback to another era.The food is almost always on mark. I've had various burgers and the egg sandwich and they are terrific. If you are a light eater this might not be the place for you. On a similar tilt-- if you prefer 99 cent burgers don't stop at the 'Pan.This is a classic spot for getting a great tasting meal quickly and topping off everything with a great piece of pie. The Apple Pan knows exactly what it is-- and I appreciate that!Apple Pan is a very good burger place, but I don't think you'll have a life-changing experience like some of the reviews I've read. The burger is prepared very well, and meat is a good combination with all the ingredients. I think the key ingredient is their relish which brings a sweet taste to the burger. I don't think they add mayonnaise or mustard like other burger places. One major gripe is the price. It is rather pricey for the quantity of food. I could easily eat three burgers here, but I don't think I'll do that considering the burgers are about $6. You could argue quality, but Apple Pan just uses sirloin just like any other major burger place.  I would only pay $6 for a burger if the burger steak was extraordinary. The best example would be the now defunct Hampton's restaurant, which had the best $6 burger you'll ever have, lol.My personal favorite burger restaurant is Molly's in Hollywood, which I feel has a burger that is better than Apple Pan's, and half the price as well.My first experience with The Apple Pan was on some first date thing. Impressions be gone, I was hungry and just wanted to rub my face on much talked about burgers. So we arrive and there's a massive line. Saturday, dinner time, everybody's doing the same thing. We're nothing special. Damn it. Neither of us were sure how to manage a seat around the U-shaped counter so we stood around trying not to piss anybody off. There were no hosts/hostesses or reservations, just guts, and crafty positioning around people who were nearing empty burger wrappers (though at the time we did not account for the timeless...charm of pie). After about fifteen minutes (with people grabbing up seats, our stomachs growling all over the place), neither of us knew what to do so we left. Instead we ate at In-N-Out. We really failed at life that night.However, I recently went back. Bit my lip, buckled down, and yelled at my heart to shut the hell up and walked in. Luckily, we went during that magical limbo between 4:00 PM to 5:00 PM. Empty seats beckoned to us like sirens. The smell of cooking meat and buckets of apple relish hit us hard. It also helped that I was going with somebody who had been there before and easily steered my doe-eyed naivete in the direction of a seat.Definitely count on splitting up if you're in a large group (whatever it takes!). Our party of four split into two.The menu was simple, straight forward, and sounded delicious. I ordered the Steak Burger and it was great. The fries were delicious (not the best) but I seldom complain about fries. They just need to be hot and within my reach and they can do no wrong. Best of all, they serve Dr. Pepper. No polite smiles that say no "we're too lame to serve awesomeness", no surrogates, just the real deal! In odd yet quirky little paper cones. Yay!I had to say no to the pie because it was getting close to that dinner rush line. I felt the eyes burn into my spleen and heard the saliva drop. Mark my words pie, I haven't even started but I'm not done with you!I must say that old man sass cannot be beat. Just ask the two jerks who came in and insisted on ranch and thousand island dressing. The gruff dude at the counter mixed up some apple relish, ketchup, the old mayo, and shrugged. It's hot, it's busy, what else can you do but be a smart ass? The price is reasonable for the quality. For about 10 bucks you can probably get double this spread at another joint but I'd say that my recent experience (and now emboldened self-confidence) warrants repeat trips and the extra couple of dollars. Cause you know that extra two dollars is for the sass. So good!When I ask people about where to find the best burger in Los Angeles, Apple Pan is always amongst the half dozen establishments mentioned. Yesterday, I had the chance to catch a quick dinner here with a friend. Upon suggestion of the various reviews, we ordered 2 hickory burgers, an order of fries, and apple pie.What one wants out of a burger differs significantly form one person to the next, and I can see the appeal of this place to the masses. Service is quick, no nonsense. The flavors are all there with nothing overpowering, but perhaps it was a little too subtle. I was looking for a boldness in the BBQ that I didn't find. In addition, the burger was a little too thin for me, packed with too much lettuce. In summary, I think that burger-lovers should definitely check this place out. it's worth trying and the place has a great diner feel, but don't look for something mind-blowing here: just a solid meal.Quick note: This is not a place to have a leisurely dinner! Apple Pan is meant for aggressive eating. Lingering after you've finished will generate death stares from the patrons trying to swipe two of the sixteen seats in the area.The burgers at Apple Pan are good, although I'm not sure I would wait in line for one.  It's a basic, fresh hamburger, but perhaps not worth $7.25 (with cheese).  It had about a 1/2-thick slab of lettuce on it, which added a nice crunch, but got to be too much by the end.  I'm also not entirely sold on the house sauce, which is a tomatoey relish.  Overall, it's not that different from what you get at In-N-Out, except there are no shakes here.  The fries, though, are much better than In-N-Out.  They land on a plate in front of you straight out of the fryer, and are crispy and under-salted, meant to be eaten with lots of ketchup.What really makes this place unique and worth checking out is the awesome old-fashioned lunch-counter ambiance, which the Umami Burger in Santa Monica is obviously trying to imitate.  The slices of pie also looked tasty and enormous, and I'll have to return to try one.The burgers are okay.The fries are okay.The pies are GOOD. Service is friendly.Conclusion: Come for dessert. Pass on for your burger cravings.Yes, it's cash only.Yes, sometimes the wait can be horrendous. (Even an hour!)Yes, sometimes the service can be a little yes or no.But it's worth it, smelling those burgers. When you get your fried fries with ketchup, your hickory-sauced hamburger, and cold soda in triangle cup... only to lead it up to BANANA CREAM PIE!!!Oh no, now I'm craving it. XDI have been driving past this place for years and always wanted to try it, but never did. Finally one day I made a point to make time. I am so glad I did. My favorite burger joint in So Cal. Now I stop in every time I'm in the area.Burgers are great - the relish is transformative.  Everyone orders fries + a serving of apple pie a la mode.  However, the bill was over $15 for this.it's a nice little spot that's basically an old school diner.I'm dedicating this review to Tony who claimed Apple Pan has the best burger in LA. I will no longer believe a word Tony has to say. I ordered the Hickory burger and was confronted with a thin meat patty that seemed to come straight from the freezer. The burger was slathered in a generic barbeque sauce that completely overwhelmed the taste of the low grade meat. The only redeeming quality of Apple Pan was the kitschy paper cone cups the coca-cola came in.Hmm. Didn't have the best experience here.Granted I didn't come for food and only their coffee, the server was straight rude, and refused to give me refills to boot. It also took him 5+ minutes to even approach us for our order. Boo. Review will probably be improved after I try their pies.PS. their cream is amazing. I am a fan of their coffee.Uhhh...I am sorry. This place is just hype. Note to everyone...the house "sauce" is VERY sweet...I'm thinking french dressing mixed with relish.Yes...go because it is a LA staple...but for the deliciousness factor..NO DEAL.This old-school psuedo-diner/shack, standing in the shadow of the Westside Pavilion mall, remains the premiere destination for Angelinos' non-chain burger fixation.  The hickory burger (w/cheese) is as good as it gets, with a patty that is tasty as it is (relatively) lean.  A nice chunk of iceberg lettuce compliments the meat, with a bun that, while wrapped in paper for your protection from drippings, fits quite comfortably in your hot little hands.  A sweet but appropriate hickory sauce seals the deal.I can do without the fries.  There's nothing particularly wrong with them - they're just ordinary, overpriced and I'd rather save room for a piece of pie.Despite the name, their apple pie is not their best; in fact, it may be their worst (but still edible).  I'm partial to the chocolate or the cherry cream pies, if they have them available that day.  But I was once told by one of the servers that their best pie is the coconut cream.  Normally, I wouldn't choose that type, but I gave it a shot on his advice, and wouldn't you know, but he was dead right!Excellent, freshly prepared food & the occasional celebrity sighting make this a perfect place to take meat-eating visitors to.Old-school service. Old fashioned hospitality.This place is very charming with a humble menu. Service is quick and always friendly and the food is fresh and delicious.It's often open until 1am so I can stop by after work to grab a quick bite. I always get the hickory burger and fries. They're also known for excellent pies.A true old-fashioned American experience is what we wanted and what we got. Dining with us were a group of sweaty, smelly teenage boys coming from soccer practice, business men loudly gibbering on their bluetooths, a couple of pilots stiffly sitting in their uniforms, hunched over their burgers, a group of pregnant gals chatting away...I felt like I was in a musical.We quickly sat down (be warned, there's no line...it's first come first serve. If you aren't aggressive enough, you'll be standing and waiting for more than you'd like...) and put in orders of 2 hickory burgers ($6.75 each) and fries. I asked for tap water. He gave me a bottled water and charged me. And he put mine in a styrofoam cup. I think coming to Apple Pan is all about the experience, so if I didn't get that little paper triangle cup and metal stand like I wanted, I'm going to be a little less happy. Sure, I was impressed by the speed of the main server/cashier pumping that ketchup bottle like it was salt and peppa, doing math by hand (btw, he rounded up on our bill--even if it's 30 cents sir, that's 30 cents extra you're charging us), wiping down the counters with his bare hands, then using those same hands to serve us food...FUN.I brought an international friend who was indeed very fascinated by the whole aura of the place. Yet, $6 for a slice of pie? Wowsers! It's just a lot of custard than I'm used to. And too much hickory sauce and mayo on my burger; one bun slice was floppin away, soaked and almost melty. Some people like that. I'd prefer crisp and crunchy all the way through.Only once here is all I need. $15 per person, and we ordered the least out of everyone around us. If anything, I'd just come here for some fries and pie--I can do without the burger.Hickory Cheese Burger - 4 stars, better than the stakSteak Cheese Burger - 3 stars, Alright.Banana Cream Pie - 5 stars.  SOOO amaSing.French Fries - 5 stars.  Really Crispy Awesome Fries.  Can definitely share with 3 people cuz it's quite large. I think it's a bit over-rated.  Wasn't as good as I thought it'd be, but, that banana cream pie made it for me.First, let me apologize to all those apple pan fanboys out there, but the burgers here aren't that good. They're boring, unattractive and in all honesty, just an eyesore. Do yourself a favor and go to your nearest in n out because the burgers there literally own these burgers.And come on, I know it's 'cool' to have the whole retro diner approach, but you could at least set up a clipboard and piece of paper to create an organized line. The way the line is set up is ridiculous; a frustrating wait and an uncomfortable dining environment.One thing they have going for them are their pies. That would be the only reason I would go back, not the burgers, and I'd for sure get it to go.Recommendation: Apple Pie2.5For me, waaaaaay overrated famed pie. Granted, wasnt the banana cream or apple tried, but rather boysenberry, and half of it (they sold out of the former, as we came after the Cirque show).Didnt like the texture of the cream topping, and most disappointed by the tight, dense, thin, cracker-like crust. No pie crust skills there, imho. Wouldnt want to try again, even given its fame around LA. HO HUMWow, I can't believe I haven't written about the Apple Pan yet.  Well, here goes . . . Bad news first:  Little to no parking.  Dinky spot inside.  No place to eat outside.  Too loud if you like soft.  You'll spill grease on your clothes (okay, this is la-la land, I know there are some shallow people out there who think you are what you wear).But the burger is enough to overcome those bads.  This is true fast food;  you get it only a few minutes after you order it.  After at least 10 years, I still remember the guy taking my order and making the burger at lightning speed.  It's tasty, juicy, big, and you'll want more even if you're full.  Don't go when it's busy, because you'll want to take your time and savor it, and it's hard to eat slow when you know there's a line of people waiting for your seat.An LA institution that you should try at least once.Went to the apple pan forDinner and pie, because they are said to be the best in the city, banana cream. Let me tell u Marie's calendars has better banana cream pies. It wasn't bad but Marie's is much better.I think this is the companion place to Pink's. Both are good, both have a long history in Los Angeles, and both are overrated.That's not to say that you won't like your burger here, you will. But it's not the best burger in California. I'd prefer a Burgermeister burger from SF to an Apple Pan burger any day. Plus, I won't have to deal with the wait.It's been a couple of years since I lived in Los Angeles, but it seems like if something (a) has been around for a long time, and (b) has a reputation for long lines, that it is venerated. Sometimes a line is just a line.Although I have never had the chance to eat at Apple Pan, I felt the need to review it since I have tried four times in the past year to EAT there! The place is pretty small considering how popular it is, everyone sits on the counter and when you walk in you have to wait against the wall and face the servers and everyone eating their meal. Sometimes the other customers glance over and smile at you, laughing inside because you are over there against the wall with your stomach growling as they eat their scrumptious burgers. I give it three stars because I have wanted to try their famous burgers and pies and as I stood against the wall for about 30 min each time I went there, the food did smell delicious and everyone seemed to be enjoying their food.If I was going to be executed tomorrow, my last meal would be:Hickory Cheeseburger, no fries.Bottomless coffee w/cream.Slice of apple pie a la modeSlice of banana creme pie.From The Apple Pan, of course.YES, it's that good. I need to take my dad here one day (so I can watch him flip his lid over all of the above). The problem is that I don't live in Los Angeles & probably never will.I MISS THE APPLE PAN.So if you Delorean is on the blink and the skies are clear, the easiest way to travel back in time is to ride your machine to the Apple Pan. Sure, the service can be a surly, but if you ended up serving patrons since 1947, you would be a little surly too and for me, there is something charming about a waiter stating the obvious. Patron: Um, do you have Fanta? "Waiter": Do you see it on the menu? OK, some of you might just get butt-hurt over this, however for me, I found it funny. Like, damn, wish I could say that at work ! and the food is solid ! This is a diner, expect solid diner affair. I personally really like the Tuna Sandwich, fries and a Fanta, um, I mean Coke. Expect a wait is what I will close with.I came here last weekend with CC, in his search for the "Best Burger in LA."  We'd heard a lot of good things about the Apple Pan.  First off, it was a little crowded, and there's not a lot of seating.  It's just the bar area around the cooking area, like a diner.  We got a spot after waiting about 10 minutes.There's not a wide selection when it comes to the burgers.  You have the option of the Hickory Burger or the Steak Burger.  CC and I both had the Hickory Burger, and added Tillamook cheddar for the extra $0.50.  We shared fries as well.The fries came out immediately, piping hot, as if they'd just left the fryer.  Yum!  They could have used more seasoning, but I love a good hot fry, and I like that they didn't make us wait until our burgers were done to bring the fries out.Next came the burgers.  Now, I should note that everything at the Apple Pan comes on disposable plates.  Paper plates, paper wrappers, paper cups with cans of sodas.  Not for the green-minded consumer.  So the burgers came out wrapped in paper, and they were MESSY!  Just dripping with sauce and flavor.  They were very tasty, with a nice old-fashioned flavor.  As soon as I was done I had to run for the bathroom to wash my hands.We didn't have room for dessert, which I hear is one of the bonuses here, but I'll have to try it next time.Overall, I enjoyed the flavor of the burger, but I would not list this as one of my favorite burger places in LA, just due to lack of variety and options.  I like my burger places to have sides other than just fries.  They also get a minus because of the use of paper plates and cups.I really really want to love this place and give it 4 stars. I'd give it 4 stars for the charm and service, but people look at ratings for food right?After hearing about this place back in college from a friend, I stored it away in the back of my mind for my to-eat list. I work in the area now and have passed it now and then. This was my chance! I would finally have Apple Pan.Bf and I came here after a housewarming that was in the area. Our plan was to have dinner before the movie but we already missed our intended movie time so we just decided to grab dinner. We ordered the steakburger, hickory burger, fries, 2 drinks and apple pie, of course. So let's break it down:The service was quick! Everyone sits at a giant counter and they just zip around tending to your needs. The guy that served us had been there 20 years and it shows. The counters were full when we got there but because everything is SO fast, we were seated in under 5 minutes. People are seriously in and out of this place.The fries were soggy and mushy. I read all the reviews about the fries and was left terribly unimpressed. The burgers were alright. Maybe my taste buds weren't thrilled since I wasn't too hungry or because all I had on my mind was pie. With that being said, it doesn't taste like the most amazing apple pie in the world. It's definitely good, but I think I just had such high expectations. Overall, I love everything this place represents, but I was a bit underwhelmed. Maybe I'll come back when I'm starving and my taste buds will give it a more favorable review.oh geez, the los angeles version of the soup nazi.  DO NOT mess around ordering your food at the apple pan.  they don't stand for that kind of silliness, but don't misconstrue this for rudeness.  this is just the way they have been since the dawn of time.  order yourself a cheeseburger with double cheese and fries.  mmmm, some of the best french fries on the planet.  i also only drink orange soda at the apple pan, which is a mystery that i have yet to solve.  finish that up with a piece of pecan pie and you will not be eating for a week.  so much food.  the apple pan gets 4 stars because sometimes it can be a little stressful waiting around to find a seat at the u-shaped bar.  there is no real rhyme or reason to the waiting policy, and there have been times when i've been too hungry to jump over people to eat.  that said, don't be one of those people who hang out eating their food forever.  you see all those people waiting behind you?  you're killing them.  thanks!Friends of mine have been raving about this place for a long time and I finally got to try it. A group of us biked here from Union Station and I was starving.Like everyone else has written there isn't much seating and it's all around the counter, but we got there right before the dinner rush so it wasn't too bad.Everything is very old-fashioned; the decor, the service, and the food, everything is very simple and of good quality. They still use the same cash register they always had (that thing is an antique!), which means CASH ONLY.I ordered the Hickoryburger and a side of fries. The burger was very simple; a burger patty, lettuce, pickles, sauce, and cheddar cheese. It was very good and I especially liked the smoky flavor of the patty. The fries were fresh out of the fryer, still glistening with oil, and were extra crispy.A cute little old lady I was sitting next to was telling me that she had grown up in the area and had celebrated her 6th grade graduation at The Apple Pan the year it had first opened. Apparently the food is still just as good and still the same (although they have added a few items to the menu) and so is the old-fashioned decor.My friends and I had all gotten our burgers at the same time as the lady next to me and I was shocked to watch this 70 year old lady devour it before any of us had finished ours.I could have been satisfied with one burger and fries, but also got a Steakburger. It was good but not as good as the Hickoryburger. It tasted like a pretty standard burger without the smokiness of the Hickoryburger, and the sauce they used had some relish in it which was kind of weird.The lady next to me was raving about how great the apple pie was, and when she ordered it she was talking to the server and they gave her the pie for free. She then turned to me with a giddy look of a child and exclaimed, "The apple pie is FREE today! You should get one!" I was skeptical of the pie being free to everyone but shared one with a friend, and it really was free that day! Awesome!Since the apple pie was free we decided to try the banana cream pie as well and it was AMAZING! Everything tasted hand-made, from the whipped cream to the crust.Needless to say the ride back to Union Station was a miserable one and my stomach hated me, but it was SO worth it!Best burger in Los Angeles?  Maybe.  Pretty damn good burger?  Definitely.People may whine about the hype, but come on, it's a freakin' great burger.  If you don't like the burgers, you're either a complete snob or one of those people who doesn't like to enjoy what everyone else likes, just to be a jerk.It's a total classic place.  I'm not sure anything on the inside has changed in the last 40 years or so.  Even the cash register looks like a museum piece.  It's just a cool, old place to eat.And for people bitching about them being pushy in making you order ... there's only like 5 things on the menu.  If you're that indecisive, I don't know how you ever get through menus at a regular restaurant.  The waiters weren't pushy with me and my girl.  We sat and talked and ate, and it was a busy lunch hour.  We weren't slow pokin' it or anything, but we weren't being harassed either.  And I'll say about the service, it's quick as hell.  You order and before you know it, the waiter slams it down in front of you.You might have to wait to get a seat when it's busy, but it's no different than waiting in line at Titos or any other great LA haunt.The steak burger is really good, but the hickory burger is where it's at.  Don't forget to order the apple pie.  You have no excuse to not order it ... unless you're allergic.  If you're allergic, order it anyways.  You'll go to the hospital with a smile on your face.Don't even try to find a parking spot in the neighborhood around it. You are just on a fool's errand doing that. Just park at the mall across the street and walk over. It's not that far.I was expecting it to be packed on a Saturday afternoon. Although it had the appearance it was, we ended up waiting for only 5 minutes. The place is small and there are only 2 guys handling the orders, but man are they efficient. One of the guys got our order within minutes of us sitting down and the food followed minutes afterThe burger is real tender and real good. I liken it to a higher grade In N' Out burger. On the other hand,  the fries were just OK. The frying was done perfectly but it was a bit bland. That was solved by a little touch of salt though.Even though we were full, we decided to do the apple pie. I thought it was too sweet. You know it's too sweet when you have to use the ice cream to cut the sweetness of the pie. Overall, I like this place alot. It's cheap and it's good. I would def return.Before dining at the apple pan, the only information i could get out of people regarding their experience was that it had a long wait. I might wait 2+ hours for a sample sale, but I rarely have the patience for more than a 30 min wait for food....which explains why I've been avoiding the apple pan (and the koji taco truck) for the past few months. Turns out that the wait wasn't too bad (about 20-30 min at 7PM on a Friday night). There isn't a hostess or sign-in sheet, so you just kinda lurk behind the people eating at the bar until someone leaves-- kinda weird for me at first.I ordered the steakburger with cheese, which tasted like In-N-Out on a really good day. The fries were pretty good, but the apple pie disappointed me. The pie crust sat sadly on top of a heap of lukewarm apples- A la mode, or a different pie, would have been a better choice. I had a good experience overall, but probably won't become an apple pan regular.I think I can bake pretty well, so I tend to not buy deserts if I can just make it at home myself and do a good job with it. Pies are the exception. I can't make crust if my life depended on it! (I have hot hands!), so I stay away from making pies. Now that I found The Apple Pan, I can just go here and buy a pie. I'm not a huge fan of grocery store pies (too goopy and artificial tasting), but I do love pies from Polly's (Yes, I'm aware they're a chain, but their pies are so darn good), but I heard The Apple Pan makes the best pies in LA if not in Southern California all together.We got an apple pie here to go, so I don't know how service is, but the workers seemed very nice, and were very, very fast. The dude behind the counter even told us that if we heat up a slice of pie in the microwave for 30 seconds, it'll be much better (and it was!). Would like to come back for the burgers and fries, but boy was the pie good!The crust is super flaky and melts in your mouth. The apples were perfectly cooked. It's kind of hard to get apples so tender, without the crust getting burned/undercooked. it was amazing!There isn't much much parking, but we got lucky with finding a spot right behind the restaurant, which only has about 10 spaces. The restaurant itself is very small, probably only seats about 30 people. This place is also cash only, don't forget cash! (there isn't an ATM on the premises).As far as the Food goes its compareable to a standard 1\4lb Burger type chain. Their Food is Fresh and the quality is noticeable but at the end of the day its just a standard 1\4lb drive thru style burger. Personally i just feel that the location, limited seating and OVERPRICING makes certain ppl rate this place higher than it should be. Personally the Host\Waiter\Counter guy has been pretty friendly the few times i've been there but i have seen him act like the jerk to the type that go in there expecting a luxury style reservation lol.At the end of the day, Its just a Standard clean 1\4lb Burger. It is good but it isnt great-- In my opinion i dont feel you get what you pay for, you're better off going to Tam's or another similar Hamburger drive thru chain type.I divide burger spots into two categories: A) Those that allow you to control the temperature of the burger B) Those that do not allow you to control the temp. (Fast Food Burger)The Apple Pan falls into category B.  There are two popular burgers to chose from, the steakburger and the hickory burger.  I've had them both and I recommend the hickory burger all day.  While they do have other things like egg salad and apple pie, you can get everything else on the menu at a much better quality and taste somewhere else.  The fries are unmentionably poor.  I purchased an apple pie from apple pan as a housewarming gift and it turned the house cold.  Absolutely nothing to brag about, you can easily get a better apple pie at your local grocery store.  There other pies sound great, but I was so disappointed by the apple pie that I won't bother unless someone happens to bring one to MY housewarming party.So go with the hickory.  It's different because of the sauce, I've never had another burger like this one.  It's definitely worth a try but that's about it.  There are much better category A and category B spots if you're looking for a good burger.  Go at least once so you can tell LA Folk and gain credibility when you sell them YOUR favorite burger spot!I seem to be currently ranting about overrated places so might as well add Apple Pan to my list.  I try to give every place 2 tries before I judge it.  First time I ever had Apple Pan, we ordered it to-go.  It was ok.  I figured the time it took to get the burger from the flat top to my apt was the reason the burger didn't WOW me like the other 1000+ reviews.  So the 2nd time, I decided to eat at Apple Pan.  I like the old school, countertop atomosphere but even that couldn't make the burger taste any better.  The burger comes with about an inch of lettuce, a regular BBQ sauce, and a grilled frozen patty.  To add insult to injury (and because I am Asian), it was expensive!!!  2 Hickoryburgers with cheese, 2 fries, 2 drinks, and 1 slice of banana pie came out to almost $30 after tip.  I would have much rather gone to In-n-Out and used the change to buy a scratcher afterward.Cash only!Maybe the burgers were too hyped up before I went... but they were just okay. Love the atmosphere. The fries were cooked to perfection. But I probably won't be returning for their burgers or their apple pie. I've had better.Go here. If you're within 20 miles of this place, go.Reason one: Apple Pan has survived intact and unchanged in West LA for 60 years. It's like a friggin' time machine. That alone is worth the price of admission. Things in WLA don't survive this long due to the mindless loyalty of the local blue collar residents (because there are none). Reason two: The menu and the food are also from a time warp- in a good way. Nobody messed with the formula or recipes over the years and now it seems like a gimmick. Gimmicks are fine sometimes, but Apple Pan is not one of them. And please, don't put this (or any historic restaurant) in the race for "best" whatever in town. Honestly, are you comparing nouveau fare like Father's Office burgers (which I like) to the stuff your grampa used to eat back in the day? (when he had teeth)I love this place! I've been here twice. Once a while back, and once today for lunch. I had the Hickory Burger both times. I think the special sauce they put on it is great. Also, cheese does cost 50 cents extra but it's worth the splurge because they use a slice of Tillamook instead of American and you can tell the difference. I also had fries (nothing above average but good) and a piece of apple pie (YUM!). Next time I might order one of the ham sandwiches, we'll see.As for the seating situation, it is a little tough. My brother and I had no problem grabbing a seat at 12:30pm today, but there are probably only about 20-30 seats so if you plan to visit during a prime time you may want to plan to get it to-go. Other then that the service is very fast!All the five star reviews are perplexing to me.These guys unabashedly cook frozen fries and the burgers are small and aren't anything special.  And when you leave you smell like the place.  I expect that when I eat Korean BBQ, but not from a burger place!I've had the burgers & fries & they have satisfied my cravings, but the ONLY reason for this review is the BANANA CREAM PIE!It's by far the best I've had, ever! The crust is flaky crunchy sweet, the filling thick & rich, the bananas ripe & aromatic, & the real heavy whipped cream perfectly balances it all out. I only buy full pies now, at about $20 its not cheap, but its a big pie & worth every penny.Even on a busy night (they often are), if you plant yourself in front of either register you should be in n out in a couple minutes if just picking up the pie. On that note, for first timers, its first come first sit, & customers are left to figure it out amongst themselves, partly why I prefer takeout.And finally, I'm not a fan of the apple pie, but if you like bready crust, a thin, "not so sweet" sauce & aldente apples, I guess thats what they're famous for.For months now, I've laid off beef, gluten and sugar. I've become a raw chef, known and respected in my community, with tiny vegan elves following me everywhere I got, eating bean sprouts out of my hand. I'm almost not exaggerating here. Today, I was near one of my old favorite spots, Apple Pan. I didn't want to go, I've moved on from eating the American Way, but I'm so rarely in the Pico area that I decided I just had to. For old times sake. I was going to go with my favorite hamburger in town, the Hickory Smoked Burger with Hickory Smoked Sauce on a Hickory Smoked Bun...which ended up costing me an Andrew Jackson (Old Hickory himself). To be honest, I wasn't looking forward to it. And the thought of fries made me wanna climb a tree and eat something out of it, even bird poo. LET ME JUST SAY IT WAS THE BEST BURGER EVER!!!! The fries actually sucked and I only had 8, but the burger was out of this world. Hickory Sauce was slathered on it. A huge 1/8th head of fresh lettuce added a crisp joie de vivre to every bite. Large cut grilled onions added a whole 'nuther kind of crunchiness. The bun was soft and full of the kind of flour I abhor now which makes things edible, and it was perfect. And how they wrote those babies is a carnivore's version of origami. Let's call it Carnivorigami. That was so good, I'm going to capitalize it CARNIVORIGAMI!!!What a burger. I'm back to my delightfully healthy, restricted diet, but for that 30 minutes, I was in the most delicious portion of Hell. Will never second guess stopping at the Pan again.Thumbs up!I vouch for the Westside's tastiest burger: Hickory.I've lived in LA all my life and I had heard about the Apple Pan, but had never gone. My boss dragged me down there 4 years ago and I am thankful for that.Before we went, my boss would talk about how it was his favorite burger, but mostly he would talk about how things were unchanged, the etiquette for waiting for a seat, how these old waiters and cooks had been there forever, and how they had little cones that you put the soda in.I really don't care about any of that stuff. All I wanted to know was "Is the burger good?" It was, I would go to say that this is my favorite burger ever.The prices aren't cheap, I think my boyfriend and I spend about $40 including tax & tip for 2 cheeseburgers, 1 order of fries, 2 cokes and 2 slices of pie, but it's so good, I think they could charge me just about anything and I would pay it.I absolutely love the hickory burger. The fries and apple pie are good but not spectacular.This place is cash only, but there's a Wells Fargo ATM across the street.You can avoid the wait by going at odd times or calling and ordering it to go. I've never had problems finding parking on the residential side street during the day before 6 PM. After 6, you're not allowed to park on most of the street without a permit so there are only a few spots and you may have to hunt.If you like 1945, coke in cone shaped cups, and your bill figured up [mysteriously] on the back of a paper bag... and styrafoam cups [come on people, get with it], then you'll lov The Apple Pan. Cash only, though [what;s up with that?].$7.55 for their "famous" cheeseburger?  Is that a deal?  Mine had LOADS of lettuce, some beef, small amount of cheese and some relishy sauce. The fries, good, yes, but again, TOO EXPENSIVE.  They're FRIES, not something exotic.HERE"S THE NEWS FOLKS: buy your burger and fries at INN'N Out Burger and then head over to Apple Pan for their Banana Cream [homemade] pie. Save a bunch of money and NO TIPPING at INN'N Out.These are REAL burgers.  The best in LA.  Too bad that since, I have turned vegetarian, however I can still eat the egg salad sandwich or grilled cheese.  This is a must go to spot in LA if you haven't been before.  It's a classic.  The protocol is to wait inside for stools to open up on the honor system.   We've been able to get a group of 7 sitting next to each other without too much hassle.Everybody in Los Angeles knows that the Apple Pan is a LA landmark and for good reason. This place has been around since 1947 so they must be doing something right. Every single time I eat there I get 3 things, fries, a hickory burger and apple or banana cream pie. Never have I gone and not been satisfied, after all of these years it is still one of the best places to go for a burger and slice of pie.These fries are some of my favorites in the area. Twice fried for that nice crunch on the outside and nice fluffy center. They are brought to you as soon as you order them so they are nice and hot. These fries are still delicious even without any salt pepper or ketchup on them. A lot of places make their fries as if they're an after thought, the Apple Pan takes pride in serving you quality fries that are never to greasy or over cooked.The Apple Pan's infamous Hickory Burger is by far the best item on the menu and it is no wonder why the Apple Pan is so famous for this burger. The burger itself is very flavorful and you can taste it even though the rich smokey hickory sauce on the burger. Also topped with a thick layer of crisp lettuce, nice and tangy dill pickles and some sweet onion on a soft hamburger bun. The bun is great because it soaks up the juice of the burger and doesn't fill your mouth with that unpleasant floury taste when you have a bad meat to bread ratio. The hickory burger is among the best classic burgers i have ever had obviously excluding all  the reinvented gourmet burgers at gastropubs and such.The best pie here is without a doubt the banana cream pie. It is so sweet and has a very nice banana flavor with big slices of banana under a nice airy whipped cream. It is really something that should be tried at least once in your life if you live in the Los Angeles area.The absolute best burger I have ever had!  You must get the Hickory burger.  It has the secret sauce, and also request hickory sauce when you get your fries!!!  AMAZING.  It helps to go during off hours as the place does get quite busy and not a lot of counter space.They also have the most amazing tuna salad sandwich ever!  But you hardly ever eat that because the second you step foot in the place your mind immediately shuts down until you taste the greatness that is Hickory Burger!!!!!  Must have one now!I agree with some of the other posters who say that this place is over priced and over rated.  The deserts are good, that is for sure.  Crazy good? Like I wanna buy an entire pie? No.  But legit.The hickory burgers are good but small and with the costco style buns.  Fries are ok.  Certainly over priced.I loves me some Apple Pan.... A Westside institution.  It's nothing fancy by any means. But it's ALWAYS good. It's been there forever.... Just know that all you got for seating is a U-shaped counter. And you gotta wait your turn... No need to upset the herd and spoil it for everybody. So pay attention because I always go by the rule that whoever is standing behind an occupied stool is waiting for THAT particular stool. Wait your turn and everything should be worth it.I usually get a hickory burger (delish...),  a ham & swiss sandwich, of course a root beer and to finish it off, a slice of apple pie. Done deal...You'll thank me in the morning...Holy crap, I hadn't had all of their pies, but one pie when you go is not the apple pie.... but the banana cream pie! It is AMAZING! So good, and I don't even like cream pies! That's how good it is. A friend of mine brought some to work and I had a piece because he was raving about it... and he was right! Please try the banana cream pie, it is to die for!Enjoy!I like the history, I like the burger, I like the feel but I'm just not sold on the value.My friend ordered the steak burger, I got the hickory burger some fries and some cream soda. The bill with tip was like $25. I mean it's not a lot but I wasn't even full.The steak burger was juicy and tasted like a classic no-frills hamburger done right. The hickory burger was nice and smoky and the bun was toasted to a crisp perfection. Everything was good but I suppose I wanted more than good, I wanted pan-tastic!Maybe I'm doing something wrong. If I'm supposed to order the burger some special way, someone needs to let me know. The highlight was the Tillamook cheese that they use for the burgers. Spend the extra change to get it, it's a damn good addition to the burger.This place is ALL HYPE.  The place is cramped, there's always a crowd for whatever reason and the service is ok.  What is the big deal with this place?If you want a lettuce burger, then this is the place to go, because that's basically what the burger is comprised of (and you can see from the pics)--you definitely won't be tasting any meat on your burger.I went here a few years ago and was not impressed.  Against my better judgement, my gf and I decided to give it another shot and went here again a couple days ago.  We had a steak burger, grilled cheese sandwich, 1 order of fries and a slice of apple pie a la mode.  It came out to be about $23, which isn't much, but it's a total rip-off for the quality and quantity of food we got.  The burger was meatless and had some sort of putrid special sauce that I wanted to spit out, the grilled cheese was on wheat bread (wtf?!?), the fries were ok and the pie...  the pie was tasteless!  It was worse than what you could get at a supermarket.  The two tiny scoops of melted ice cream around the pie came close to saving it, but unfortunately didn't.This place is more of a tourist-trap or for newly-arrived LA transplants trying to be cool.  There are WAAAAAY better burger places in LA.I've been going for over 20 years.A Hickory Burger, Fries, a Coke and a Slice of Apple Pie is my go to order and reminds me of UCLA days. Love the Hickory Sauce. French Fries done just right! Apple Pie is delicious.Other faves are the Tuna or the Egg Sandwiches, Banana Cream and the Pecan Pies.The line moves fast and is worth the wait.I was really excited to try out Apple Pan. Yelpers seem to love this place! I was disappointed for many reasons. 1. There's almost no parking and there's also not really street parking either. 2. The seat-yourself style of apple pan has everyone trying to figure out who arrived first - and hoping an equal number of chairs opens up for your party. 3. The service was curt. Some like it, others don't. For me, it was fine. 4. The burgers were just fine - nothing special. 5. The prices are outrageous. I can't exactly remember them anymore but it's over 5 bucks for a burger and a slice of pie will cost you $6. You can take a whole one home for 18!! And really, they weren't any better than Marie Calendar's!I was recently brought here for the first time. From all the hype as an LA institution, I was excited to try it out.We had no problems being seated on a Saturday at lunchtime. I ordered the iced coffee from the menu, and the server proceeded to fill a styrofoam coffee cup with ice, pour scalding coffee from the coffeemaker over it (immediately melting all the ice) and serve it to me with cream and sugar. We giggled at that, but I guess this really isn't the kind of place to order something remotely fancy. Their "Quality Forever" sign is legit, as my huge, juicy hickory burger was definitely flavorful and high quality. However, it was EXPENSIVE compared to most greasy diner burgers (which it is, in essence). We ordered apple pies for dessert. You'd expect a place with Apple in the name to have amazing apple pie, but I've had better. I hear Banana Cream is the shit, and was disappointed we didn't order it. Overall, good but pricey place, not a good bang for your buck but good to feel some West LA history. Bring cash, it's cash only!Was seeing a late Saturday night flick nearby at Landmark and had some time to burn, so I headed over to Apple Pan for a quick bite to eat beforehand.This burger place is an old time LA classic. Having opened in 1947. I do like the retro decor of this place. There are no tables here. Just bar stools around a large tabletop which has a view of your burger cooking right in front of you. Even the cash register is classic. Nothing here seems to scream modern and I think that is the appeal of the place. Visiting Apple Pan is like entering a black hole in time.The only indication that this place screams that the year is 2011 are the prices. The menu is very simple. Burgers, sandwiches, drinks and pie. That's it.Had the steakburger ($6.75) with Tillamook cheese ($.50 extra). This is not a silverware type of place. They give you cardboard plates and put the burgers in a tight sandwich wrapper. My thoughts on the burger was that it was decent. I was not blown away, but it was pretty solid. The thing that seemed to stick out was the special sauce which has a sweet pickle taste. I don't think they are any better than an In-N-Out burger however.I think Apple Pan is a good burger joint. I just would not go out of my way to try this place except if you are in the area. Especially with In-N-Out around.I was so curious about this place because there were so many reviews rating it mediocre so decided to try it after eating Tacos Por Favor in Santa Monica.There was a parking lot in the back (not for the restaurant) but the place it was supposed to be for was closed for the day anyway so it wasn't a problem. Came in and waited maybe 2 minutes on the side until a seat opened up. The man behind the counter took our orders quick, gave us our waters, and even put the ketchup on a plate for us. Ordered the fries and split a steak burger since I read that the hickory burger was overrated. We were not disappointed. It wasn't the meat that made the burger amazing, but the sauce. I have no idea what they put in it but it was really good and I was not disappointed in coming here to try it.I thought the fries were good - fresh and tasted good without the salt. Ate pretty fast and came right before the dinner rush. Would I come back here to eat? Eh probably not as this was probably a one-time meal at this place but am glad I tried it. Father's office still reigns.Apple Pan is one of those so-called  "LA Institutions" that amazes me that it continues to stay in business.  But, it has a mix of 1) loyal fans whose parents used to take them here as children and now they take their children and; 2) people who are told by insane people that it's "so great" that they now feel like they are less of a person if they don't go through the Apple Pan ritual--most of them never come back.Basically, what you get here is a greasy In and Out Hamburger (maybe slightly larger), frozen fries (In and Out are fresh cut) and commercially prepared pie and a drink and rude service and fight for a seat for what will cost you almost $20.00 after tax and tip!  The Hamburger and fries alone are over $12.00=Approx. 3x the cost of In and Out . It's one of the worst eatery values in Los Angeles. So the 2 times I ate here before they got a 'B' from the health dept. (Lately returned to 'A') I asked the guys I sat next to on each visit if they have been here before and what makes them return? [I needed to know, because this place was so mediocre and overpriced--how do they keep people coming?]  At least I got the same honest answer from both: It's not for the food! Its for the nostalgia of their dad's taking them here as boys and now they take their sons and their sons will take their sons...etc, etc. If you are coming here: Don't come here for the food, come here because you like to pay 3x the cost for an In and Out Burger, you prefer to pay 2x the cost for frozen fries over In and Out fresh cut fries, and you love commercially prepared pies and dehydrated pie mixes from the grocery store and you want to have that experience consuming it in an allegedly historic environment with rude service. I am not saying that I would never come back here again, because if someone insists and I can't talk them out of it AND they also want to pay for my meal, I would, but they will never see another $$ from me. It's the worst hamburger value in LA, but I am sure you will still go so you can say you tried it. Looking forward to reading Your review after they hit you over the head with their Apple Pan and take your money.Took my family of four to the AP for dinner.   Had to wait 25 mins for 4 seats at the counter. Feels like you are eating at some greasy spoon on route 66 in 1968. We ordered 4 burgers, 4 fries a couple of sodas and a couple slices of pie; what most folks recommend.  Total was over 75 including tip.  This wouldn't have been a concern had the food been good, but come on.  The burgers were a step above High school cafeteria burgers and the fries were ordinary.  What gives?  Hickory sauce?? make your own burgers and get a bottle of hickory bbq and save a ton of dough.  One of the waiters had the arogance of saying:'see you next week".  Don't think so.  The AP is the most over rated burger joint around.  Much better burgers at Hole in the wall, Marty's, the counter, 5 guys and fatburger.I found the best part of the Apple Pan to be the grumpy yet somehow also nice old men that work the counter.  I will probably return if only to make it my life's mission to make one of them like me.  Or at least crack a smile.  What can I say, I like a challenge!An apple pie a la mode will set you back $7.50 here, which is kind of funny because it's more expensive than their hickory burger at $6.50.  I thought the BBQ sauce on the burger tasted GREAT but was a little overwhelmed with the amount of iceberg lettuce smushed in there.  The apple pie a la mode was really good and they served it the only acceptable way--piping hot--with a generous amount (about 3 small scoops) of french vanilla ice cream on the side.  Why is it that when the workers are kind of jerks (a la soup nazi), it makes you want to pay more for the food?  I don't know, but I do know that I plan to come back here, pay the higher prices for an in-n-out comparable burger, and find out!Every time I come up to west LA, I love to try what is local and unique around town. So when my friend from college suggested that we try this place out before our show time (Notes on a Scandal...at NO point in my life do I want to see Judi Dench, let alone naked. Gross!) at the Westside Pavilion (yeah, the movie theater....not so much). Inside is one large u-shaped counter with the kitchen in the middle. Be prepared to hover like vaulters for empty seats. Be prepared to wait, but once seated, be ready to enjoy! The burgers and fries are quite good. The soda are served in snow cone cups (how retro!). The best is the apple pie a la mode. Not Julian apple pie good but good enough! The cash register is retro as well. Sure, it's cost a bit more than In-N-Out, but it's worth the experience at least once.My first Apple Pan experience was great!What made this place unique, and worth it for me:-The hikory sauce is amazing. It's like LIQUID SMOKE BACON flavor, and I am obsessed with bacon. -Although environmentally it's lame, they serve the soda in paper cones in metal cup holders. It was totally cool!-Old school feel, the place is ancient and you can tell, so are the geisers behind the horseshoe counter!-IBC sodas are amazing! Best cream soda I've had.Tips:-If you park at the mall across the street, its free and easy. -Be prepared for a wait. 10-15 minutes for us at 5:30pm on a weds. -Remember who was in there when you arrived, and who comes in after, as you have to snag your own seats when they come up. -Don't come in groups, or during rush.-Cash only.Only problem:It's kinda pricey for what it is. I have to try the pie, but as far as I can tell the hickory sauce is the only that makes this place worth it. Otherwise I've had burgers of this quality for cheaper.And even though its part of the experience, the swooping for seats is nerve racking! I kept thinking "oh jeez if someone cuts me, should I make a scene?" "HEY DUDE THAT'S MY SEAT!" all over a burger? Having said that patrons were honest, and helpful when deciding who was next to get a seat.I'm definitely going back!best burger and pie in town.I adore the community, and how it polices the seating... and how everyone knows everyone.And I miss it.  And I just thought of it.. and I want it.Man.. LA didn't completely suck, when you weren't aware of the roads, and people and.. well... okay it basically did.  Some good restaurants and diners from yesteryear tho.I will always love the Apple Pan. See my previous review for more detail.My recent experience made me love it more:Me: "We ordered only one apple pie!"Old guy: "That is one!"*rolls his eyes*The old man served a giant piece of apple pie cut in half for my boyfriend and I. It was so big I assumed he served us two slices. Thanks for keeping it real, man at the counter. I really need to learn your name.I also learned that Hickory burgers outsell Steak burgers 2:1. So get a Hickory burger and make your life a lot better. :)I've lived in West LA my whole life, and The Apple Pan has established itself as a quality and reliable burger joint!  It has been around for a long time, and with time, it has gained an awesome reputation --rightfully so!The place is pretty small --having a very small-town-diner-charm! Definitely gives that traditional feel, like you're going through an experience back in time.  The service adds to that charm, with super friendly waiters and cooks! What's great is you can see everything happening right in front of you.. the care and freshness put into every meal! And then of course... The burgers here are definitely good! The hickory burger has a great smokey taste and the steak burger is super juicy!  If you are craving burgers, this place will definitely satisfy your taste buds. Fries and shakes are also delicious! How can you leave The APPLE Pan without getting a slice of Apple Pie?!  Although I must admit I think the pies are a bit pricey here, the homemade apple pie is delicious and a must!Great burgers. Menu is too limited and the first come first serve seating serves to be more annoying than practicalEh...after seeing this on the Travel Channel on multiple occasions, the family decided to check it out while in Los Angeles.  I have definitely had better burgers.  The best part of this place is the history behind it.  It's still ran by the same family in the way it was from the beginning.  The cooks have been there for decades and they even use old school registers.  For this, they got an extra star.  If it's history and ambiance you're looking for, definitely check it out.  If you're planning on going to try a great burger, I'd try some place else.Not worth the price at all. Let me just say I can appreciate a "throwback" restaurant, but if that's what you're after then you would far better at Johnny Rockets, Steak & Shake, or any of the many other old school joints. The space is teeny with counter seating all the way around. The seating reminded me of a time when not everyone of any backgrond would have been able to plop themselves down at the counter... Since I'm not a complete brick minded person I would try it again, but I wouldn't expect much to change.p.s I hate cash only & people who blow their noses while others eat.Apple Pan is a charming, but pricey little burger joint. It's awkward when you first walk in as there's no designated waiting area. The entire restaurant is basically a U-shaped counter with enough seating for about 20-25.  It's free-for-all seating, so everyone is standing against the walls peering down at those who are eating. Some people will try to cut you, so make sure you know who arrived before and after you.After you've fought your way to a seat, it's actually a nice, homey experience! The menu is limited to a couple burgers/sandwiches and fries. I had the hickory burger and the regular burger wrapped in lettuce another time. Both were good! Fries were alright - not enough salt but you can add your own of course. When you order a drink, they give you a cute little cone shaped paper cup in a silver holder. Topped off the meal with a slice of apple pie with ice cream. I'm usually not a fan of apple pie, but Apple Pan's was DELICIOUS! Only other complaints are that the servers could be more friendly (not a single smile both times I went), and the place is overpriced for what it is. Expect to spend about $30 for two people (burgers, shared fries, two drinks, tip). Also, they only accept cash.I never thought I'd say that I like a burger with chunky sweet-pickle & ketchup relish, mayo, lettuce, AND dill pickle slices... but this is the way they roll at Apple Pan and I just roll right with it.  And a fine, fine burger it is.  This place really is delicious, one-of-a-kind, and no fuss.  I love the old school registers, the cardboard plates, the plaid wall paper.  There's room for maybe 25 guests at the U-shaped counter's red swivel seats, so come when you're feeling patient and ready for a bit of a wait.  At Apple Pan, short order cooks whip out delicious and piping hot fries in an instant, and cheeseburgers in a flash; the root beer's served in paper egg cups; grumpy (yet adorable) old men in dirty white aprons serve you; gaggles of people wait and grab seats on an "honor" policy -- when you arrive you scan all those faces lining the walls and you make sure you don't sit before anyone who was here before you!  It's a bit nuts on a busy night, but well worth the chaos.  A must-try dining experience on the westside!Don't forget the apple pie a la mode!  It's g double o d good.My grandmother loved The Apple Pan, my father loves The Apple Pan, and I love The Apple Pan, too (and I don't even eat beef). My grilled cheese-ordering habit aside, I'm enamored with this place because the plaid wallpaper above the grill was the same the day I sat next to one of the Ghostbusters when I was 3 as it was when bubbie and zadie sat at the counter in the 60s, the sodas are still served in wax paper cones, and the slices of pie remind me of my senior year of college (and that one David Sedaris reference). Sentimental? Totally. Worth it? Of course.Apple Pan ExpeditedThe impossible is possible (not always) however this particular Saturday it was when my group of seven was able to get consecutive seating in the always-tight on space burger joint Apple Pan after an eight minute wait. It was unbelievable--as we took to the westward facing row of seats we were made real friendly (not really). We placed our orders in tiny subsets on the server's recommendation for burgers, drinks and fries. Burger Breakdown:A quick order yielded quick service--the burgers and accompaniments arrived in relatively no time.  My burger came on a standard bun wrapped tightly in paper to serve as the catchall, a generous patty, some relish, pickles, tomato, and large bed of iceberg lettuce with some sauce. Simple and satisfying--the relish added a little sweet to the burger that makes it a standout among the current burger joint trends.  On the side: I can see myself going back to show someone the spot but there are a few things I do not care for which are as consistent as the burgers they have been serving. The service is polite in that-old-fashioned-dad-used-be-a-marine-kind of way not too warm and fuzzy. Also, I find it difficult to enjoy my burger when you have customers piling up around you taking bets on when you will finish your meal so they can quickly take your spot.Aside from the jockeying for position and the curt service the burger was delicious and the restaurant god's smiled upon us, as our entire party was able to sit next to each other. The burger is very good and definitely old-fashioned. In total we finished our Apple Pan experience in less than 45 minutes. Whew.Ok, there are 64k reviews for this place :) Old fashioned, delicious, cozy, interesting, worth it, curious, delicious, limited, wonderful...just go. really, if you are STILL reading up to my review, lol, come ON, what are you looking for? It's just RIGHT, it's just GOOD, just GO :) (first time? Age 9 - I'm 42 at the writing of this piece, the review would be the same had I written it then - delicious, GO, cool, GREAT)I don't really care for this place I really wanted to like it too. I don't like the random order of waiting for a seat to open up. I don't like that there aren't any tables and you have to sit at the bar area. The burger I got was okay, but I guess I should've tried the hickory burger. Since I live so close I'm willing to try it again.UPDATE: I tried it again. I got the hickory burger. It's not good. I didn't like it. Damnit, I really really wanted to because I like cool old LA haunts. This one just didn't do it for me.Came here with a buddy I hadn't see in a while one late night.  We caught up and ate decent burgers, got excellent service from a very silent and professional man.= good times.Something about the place made me feel like I should be wearing a fedora and sporting suspenders and in somekinda of Norman Rockwell painting.  I'll be back.The burgers here are just your normal run of the mill burgers (bun, meat, cheese, lettuce, pickles, and sauce) but they're pretty good. The menu is concise; there's nothing fancy or out of the ordinary to order. I think I saw a turkey sandwich and egg salad sandwich or something but if you come here, why even think about ordering something besides the burgers.The only thing that confused me were the prices. $6.50 for a burger + $.50 if you want cheese. Fries? Like $2.50 more. Just ridiculous for what you can buy at In-n-Out for half the price. Yes. It's pretty much like In-n-Out.If you're still going to come to this place, here's some advice. Seat your self even if there's trash sitting on the counter. We wandered around confused for a couple minutes not knowing what we should do. Thanks for not telling us to just have a seat.Two stars because it's good and all, but I'll never come here again or recommend it.Since I work for a PR company, the obvious thing when going to a new restaurant is to discuss what their slogan would be.At the Apple Pan, it's "Right away."  And they mean it.You order when he hits the counter and says 'Ready."  If you don't respond, he walks away.  You gotta know what you want.  How many fries?  Which burger?  Cheese?  Coke?  If you ask for something, the immediate response is "Right away."  He drops it off and leaves you quickly.Lunch for 5 co-workers = 20 minutes in and out.  And that was eating IN.  Brilliant.CONS: Overpriced, wait to be seated, limited menu, overratedPROS: Authentic diner ambianceI drive by this place all the time and finally I stepped in for dinner with my friend to see what the hype was all about, maybe even get a slice of pie.First we had to wait to sit because it's all counter seating and there were no two adjacent seats open.Then, their menu is very basic. I'm a vegetarian, but living in Cali, I can find veggie burgers everywhere. Not here. All I could order was a side of expensive fries. Then I considered getting a slice of apple pie but the friggin' nothing-special slice is around $5. Are you kidding?? We ended up getting one of Marie Calender's WHOLE pies for $6.99 afterwards. Sheesh.I'm willing to give this place 4 stars almost solely on the efficiency of the man working behind the counter. This guy was seriously a machine and he eerily reminded me of the waiter at a Yoshinoya in Tokyo -- that's a different story though.Like Jamie Q said, the burger here is a lot like an up scale In-N-Out burger. Even all the way down to the piles of lettuce and the wrapper around the burger . The flavor of the hickory burger was so good, too. I was pleasantly surprised. Even better, when the waiter plopped the burger down in front of me it had a resounding thud as it hit the counter. How could you not be excited about that?If i had cash on me all the time, I'd be at the Apple Pan at least once a week. lol. I always order the Hickory burger with cheese and fries. The burger is soooooooo tasty with the sauce... i'm such a saucey kinda person so it just compliments the burger soo well.  I swear the burger just disappears in a few bites because it's amazingly tasty and i love the tenderness of the meat patty... I'm craving one right now to make up for the failure of a burger I just had at the Counter not too far away from there... The fries are hot and crispy, but since i'm a sauce person and they don't have ranch or any other sauce then ketchup we ask for a side of mayo and make a cheap version of thousand island. lol.I've waited in lines just to sit in this really small place with just counter space to dine and the wait is worth the wait... And it's worth going to the bank to take out cash for, too! Oh, the pecan pie & apple pies a la mode are fantastic... I love how the same old man has served me since the first time I've eaten there years ago!! They are pretty fast and friendly :) Happy eating!A work colleague of mine had been raving about this place for quite some time, but I'd never go around to it until a couple of weeks ago. I'd first tried their banana cream pie at a birthday gathering and it was so amazing that I couldn't stop thinking about it for a week after that. This crazy crazy craving for another slice of the amazing pie ultimately got me to drive over to Apple Pan on a lazy Sunday evening. The restaurant is a very small space with a three sided counter (that seats ~25)  with the cooking done in the middle.The burger honestly didn't wow me at all. Maybe it's because I had relatively high expectations, but it was just okay. The fries were very good and crispy. The Apple pie was just ok. So, the point of this review is that everything else is mediocre compared to the banana cream pie, which is FREAKIN AMAZING.There is a private lot in the back that fits approximately 6-7 cars. THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY!3 stars for the service and the pie, but c'mon almost 37 dollars for 3 burgers, 2 fries, 1 slice of apple pie and water to drink? I didn't even think the burgers were that good. The patties were small, waaaaaay too much lettuce, and mee no likey the relish on the Steak Burger. The Hickory Burger had a better flavor. Me really likey the special sauce. The apple pie a la mode was fantastic, but not worth $7.50. I get it. It's the nostalgia of it all. People really like that fact that it's been the same menu for 100 years, same setup, cash only etc etc. I just really think they need to lower the prices, get some girth on those patties and perhaps add a kids menu?First off, I like the vibe of Apple Pan.  It's got a cool setup where you're sitting in a diner "U" type setup with a bunch of other patrons, eating and chatting it up.  I also love its simplicity in the menu design and the items on the menu.  Service was stellar too.  Food came out hella quick and I didn't have to wait too long to sit down w/ my friends.I HATED HATED HATED the bun to death.  Inside the burger, it squished up like jello and broke apart as I chomped on it.  The sauces would desecrate my fingers and spill out onto my plate.  What the hell?  This isn't a Carl's Jr. commercial.  I'm not trying to sexify my burger by eating it derrrrty.  Fix your buns, dammit!The fries were divine.  I kept plowing through them with ketchup on deck.  In hindsight, wish I ordered dessert.  Was fiending it and still am.  Oh well.  So all in all, I give it 3 stars because I think it was heavily overhyped.  I would just go back to order desserts and some other things I missed.  Admittely, Apple Pan is a jewel of  a restaurant in the LA landscape.I have two new favorite burger spots and this is one! I LOVE the hickory burger! It was delicious and the service was great! I love the old time themed cash register, fries in paper wrapper, and soda in a paper cup. The staff was very courteous and helpful. Great place!Lovelovelove this place.I am a vintage/antiques freak, and the building itself was enough for my 1940's alter ego to squeal in delight. I took one star off because it was stifling hot inside, albeit ceiling fans being on, and yes, the seating is tricky. Nothing to whine about though.This is a casual and old-school place to eat. Small selection of burgers and pies. HOWEVER, the food quality is great and the hickory burger was amazing. The fries for one were enough for two, and I LOVE the way sodas are served. Servers were fast but stressed. The apple pie (my boyfriend's) was very cinnamon-y and my pecan a la mode was amazing. Yes, it's cash only, and yes, seating is limited, but whining about it doesn't make this place a bad joint...it just makes people come across as lazy and stuck up. Try it once, and you will enjoy it.I got takeout (actually, someone brought the takeout back) and I was actually pretty disappointed by my hickory burger. Maybe I was built up by the raves here, maybe the burger would have been better if I'd eaten it immediately. But I just didn't think it was a great burger.The apple pie is very tasty, tastes homemade and fresh, even the day after. A side rant: they did the "1 inch of lettuce on half the burger" thing. When your lettuce  is as thick as your burger, your customers wi'll probably be sad. I don't think they meant to, but it made me sad.MMMM The Apple Pan is good, its a Johnny Rockets styled joint with a really 40's feel to it. Even the workers look like they're from the 40's !!Con's- The place is small and I don't think they have air conditioning sooo.. no big parties and sketchy on a hot summer day and the burger was small compared to the amount of lettuce however....Pros- WOW the BURGERS ARE GOOD! the hickory and the steak burger  both favorites of mine (and the only two burgers on the menu) but they are worth it.. service is friendly and quick ( they try to get people in and out as fast as possible) and the fries and soda served in a sno cone cup is classic. REAL DEAL here people! You gotta try it for yourself.The Apple Pan is a great place to get truly simple, totally delicious food.  The interior looks like a cute 1950s diner, with a U-shaped counter that surrounds the grill (bonus: check out the seriously old fashioned cash registers!).  The menu only has a few items on it, but trust me, you couldn't really ask for more.  The hickory burger (with cheese) is to die for, and their homemade pie, while a little pricey, is so, so good.  No frills, nothing off the wall, just consistently great food and ridiculously fast service.  If you're not a red meat eater, try the tuna sandwich--takes ordinary tuna salad to a new level.Even though seating seems hectic, there are always seats opening up (I've even pulled off 7 people sitting in a row, so it's definitely possible!).  Order all your food at once (including pie), and don't be put off by the gruff service.  Parking is sort of a hassle, but if you're willing to walk there are usually spots a few blocks up or down Pico.This place is a time capsule. Down to the less than friendly old guy behind the counter. Well he starts off that way, but we got to talking and he is actually pretty cool. I am sure he could share lots of stories of the little ol' town of LA. It is a u shaped counter, usually a wait for seating, so if you are in a hurry, get it to go and eat in your car. I get the sense that the interior of this place has not changed one bit since if first opened. I love that kind of thing!The hickory burger is to die for. My friend had the Tuna Sandwich to be healthier...but he also had fries. The Tuna was VERY good, unexpectedly so. The fries are a great treat as well, but the burger should suffice. I love that the soda is served in one of those cone shaped cups.This a great late night stop or even a stop on your way to the clubs. Everyone knows a little grease in the gut is good for the alcohol consumption.If you are not from the area, it is worth the trip. Even if you are just driving through LA. It is close to the 405 and relatively close to the 10. Hey if the Ten is backed up due to merging onto the 405, take a detour and sit it out. You won't be disappointed.PSThe Apple pie was very good. Though I only had one taste. Not a dessert guy. Weird, huh?I shudder to think that people's expectation of a burger has come to be perpetually compared to In N' Out as the only good choice in town. Get outside of the box people and experience something different, something unique and something better.  To start, this place has the most pleasant atmosphere ever.  It's set up like an old style diner whereby everyone sits around the cook and waiter's dressed in white with the folded paper hats serve you.  They even have the classic diner experience down to the cash only push button cash register.The food quality and speed of service is exceptional.  A traditional quarter pound burger made with all the freshest ingredients and an apple/bacon flavored sauce dressed on top. Fries are just as good as the burger and sized to feed 2 people. The Apple Pie with a cheese slice on top is a delicious compliment to this All-American meal.Service is amazing and the quality of food is to die for in my opinion.  Recommended to all to experience themselves.I love Apple Pans. I go by every time I'm in the area. I think its so funny reading these reviews of the prissy ass people who complain about it here.It is what it is and that's what makes this place awsome. It's called character! Who cares if you have to stand and wait a while and if it's too many people go somewhere else. I think the grumpy old men are cool and they aren't always grumpy.Every burger is great! I've only had the apple and banana cream pies, but they were both amazing!What's not to like about a place where the menu is pared down and the cash registers look like the ones that Time and Technology forgot?There are no tables and booths.  There are only stools that line the perimeter of the counter.  I've determined that the seating system is simple.  First come, first serve.  If there are two of you and only one stool (this was the case when the boyfriend took me here), claim it and sit down.  The one standing (that would be the boyfriend.  He's so awesome) is still served.  The veteran cashier/server took one look at me, decided correctly within 0.5 seconds flat my n00b status and recommended the Hickory Burger.  I got that and was not disappointed.Thick and juicy with a huge wedge of iceberg lettuce shoved in the middle with the halves of the buns hanging on for dear life.  The sauce is the perfect lovechild of BBQ sauce and ketchup.  There really is no dainty way to eat this monster burger.  Believe me.  I tried.  In the end, I gave up and gave in to my primal burger eating urges.  That delicious concoction didn't stand a chance.Neither did the fries.  Fresh from the fryer so you know those shapely slivered pieces of potato just took a very hot oil bath....and yet it wasn't greasy at all.  Perfect.The apple pie was delicious.  One slice was big enough to share.I thought the service was great.  He didn't make small talk (probably because he was so busy keeping track of the hungry horde seated at his counter), was very efficient, very nice and also seems to have ESP.  Right when I was about to ask him for more ketchup, he was already expertly pouring some onto the paper dish.  Awesomeness at its best.The funniest thing that happened was when I ordered the iced coffee and I asked for cream.  It came in this little plastic cup.  I had no idea what that was.  When I poured it in my coffee, there was a very audible "plop" sound.  I immediately thought maybe they left the half and half out for too long because it curdled.Nope.  My boyfriend had to explain that it was REAL cream and that's what real cream does.  OooooOOOOohh....wow.....this place is like a living time capsule.  I can't wait to go back again.  I'm drooling right now thinking about that burger.Oh yeah.  Bring cash because, time capsule that this place is, doesn't take plastic.  There is a Wells Fargo right next door for your ATM needs.I love these kinds of restaruants, the ones that have a diner ambiance, and a simple menu.  You have your choices of two burgers.  That's right only two.  Why subject yourself to all these choices and wait to make a decision only to think, I should of had something else.  Here you can have one and then try the other the very next day.  They also have two other sandwiches, but let's face it, you go to the apple pan for their burgers and their pies.  Oh the pies.  warm, moist, and served with a scoop of ice cream.  This is by far the best pie I have ever had in my life.  Not trying to be cliche, but honestly you tell me where you can find a better a better pie in so. cal.  The only issue i have is the AC. No AC so go their in the evening, on a cool day, or during the winter season.  That is, until they get an AC.Decent food. Good, but not great.In my opinion, the burgers and fries are reminiscent of a "mom and pop" version of Johnny Rocket's.My negative review stems from an unfortunate experience that occurred during my visit:An unbelievably foul-smelling homeless woman entered the restaurant and seated herself next to me as my girlfriend and I were just about to enjoy a post-burger slice of apple pie.The stench was absolutely gag-inducing. I'm not talking about catching a subtle hint of B.O., but rather the unmistakable reek of another person's feces, just a few inches from me.I quickly asked for my check, and the waiter apologetically offered us a boxed slice of pie. A generous gesture, but alas, the damage had been done.- Walked in tonight (Saturday night 9pm) and snagged a seat- Guy (not a waiter, not a server so I don't know what to call him) tosses me menu- only 4 sandwiches on menu. Alright. Hickory Burger with cheese and fries- 2.2 minutes later fries come out. Bland, but crispy and good texture. - 2 minutes burger comes out in a wrapper- not a plate- a wrapper. - I pluck off the pickles and take a bite- Damn good burger- bottom bun falls apart as I unwrap it.- onto the counter (because I have no plate)- MAN UP! I eat it anyway.- Guy comes with a cup of water. Good times.- Finish, bill is $10.40- Toss him $11, and walk out.- Total time spent in the Apple Pan: 14 minutes I thought I knew what "eat it then beat it" was about but this is the fastest non-fast-food place I have ever been to. I didn't have any pie cuz I had a movie to catch. As of now, the burger was decent, but I've had better. Then again it's more of a regular joe, blue-collar burger than one of those artisan Kobe-grain-fed things with bean sprouts and garlic aiole sauce.Agree with what previous reviewers said about other-era nostalgia. That's really what you're paying for. This place is the definition of a 3-star joint--it's just OK.This I ordered the hickory burger, plus points for the smokeyness, but this burger isn't much better than what you'd get at in-n-out burger at twice the cost (7.75 for the burger).Serious foodies should take their business elsewhere. Hole in the wall isn't too far away. Limited parking spaces in the back.Good burgers and fries. Hated waiting to sit but service was good and food came quickly. The cream pie was delicious.Talk about a blast from the past...Apparently this diner has been around before most of us were even conceived, and the counter seating looks it! No frills, fast service and food.The burgers my friends ordered were quite good, except there was a strange apple relish...Other than that the patty was charred just right, the bun was toasted perfectly, and the fries were thick-cut fresh fries, not frozen.My fave though was the pecan pie with whipped cream and french vanilla ice cream. I know the place is called the apple pan, and I did order their signature apple pie, but I'm happier with the pecan. Yummm. Added bonus, they're open 'til 1a.m. on weekends. Love it!This place definitely doesn't live up to the hype.  The only thing it really has going for it is the slightly quaint decor, but that's not enough to make up for the mediocre food, strangely high prices, and lackluster service.The food was okay, but at close to $9 for a meal (fries sold seperately) I would have rather gone to In-n-Out for the exact same thing.  I'm glad I didn't order any of the sandwiches, because from what I saw they were just as much of a rip-off - a tiny little sandwich for $6 or $7.The service was just strange - there were no less than 10 people working when we went, who were all running around like they were ridiculously busy...even though there were probably only 15 customers in there at the time.  It took 5-10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge our presence, then another 5 minutes of being ignord at the cash register before we could pay.  We felt like we had to try this place because we heard so much about it...but honestly, it's not worth it.I dropped by Sat afternoon before the dinner rush started.  I've heard enough about their magnificent pies, so it was time for the Queen herself to try.  The verdict?  Portion was huge (Huge piece of pie served with 2 HUGE scoops of old fashioned vanilla ice cream).  I enjoyed the cup of coffee quite a bit (I couldn't tell what kind of brew it was, but it's not just a regular diner style cheap cup of joe).  I adored their dinnerware for the pies and coffee (almost resembles lettuce- in a way) aside from the form cups used to serve water (french fries and sandwiches are served on thick paper plates and paper-wrapped hamburgers are handed out directly to the eaters).The pies ain't nothing like the Julian apple pies, but they still serve the purpose.  They comfort you.By the way, is it just me who doesn't really feel comfortable being waited by respectably old men?  I wouldn't be surprised if they're the original crew since they opened in 1947.  Mr. waiter who served me was very friendly and attentive.  I just naturally felt like I should be the one pouring him coffee and cutting him a slice of pie...because he looked to be in his 70's, but that's just me.  In a near future, I shall return to try their fries and burgers.C'est bon!Apple Pan is like Splash Mountain... you wait in line forever and the actual ride is like 2 seconds and it's not even that cool. Game plan: you have to find your own seat and hover over people, trying to spy on them to see if they are almost done. As soon as people get up from their seats, you have to grab that crap and hope you got there before the people standing next to you so it's legit. After you finally sit down, your food and the check appears super fast in an effort to minimize your seat occupation. The actual food is okay.. the burgers are too relish-y and the fries are kinda bland, and as you are eating you are quickly ushered out as soon as you show any signs of leaving by next round of hoverers. Buuuut one star for the apple pie and one star for the attentive waiter that kept refilling our ketchup plate.If in n out had a more sophisticated older brother.What can a say, I love The Apple Pan from the old time waiters to the to the location and classic decor. The Food:Served on the counter no plate except for your fries and ketchup.The steak burger w/cheese.  The lettuce is hand shredded and the white hard core is removed.  The beef is juicy and matches perfectly with the ketchup/relish and the cheese is melted to perfection.  One of the best classic burgers you can get in California.  If you like in n out or fat burger give this place a try and you will see what all these chains are trying to replicate.  Fries are crisp and fresh always.Egg Salad sandwich is a great also.  With large chunks of eggs, black olives and sweet pickles. I usually get this and share it with a friend as an appetizers.  the tuna is also excellentThe Pies are pretty good but can be hit or miss based on the sweetness of the fruit.  This is not a bad thing because they are not Costco generic but rather hand made.Add a cream soda and you are set. This place serves extremely well made comfort food at amazingly decent prices.  Support GREAT LOCAL  PLACES and not CHAINSHave you ever wanted to travel back in time? Well one step into this place and you'll feel you've been transported back to the early 1920s.With only counter space surrounding the kitchen area for you to sit, make sure you go here expecting to wait or expecting to be sitting in separate groups (if you came in a big group of people). The walls are covered with plaid wall paper, popular in a time when telephones were newfangled modes of communication. Speaking of newfangled, their register is right out of the teens of the past century, with wooden buttons and a bell that rings the moment it opens. Classic.The menu is short and sweet with no more than 10 items on the entire thing. Order a burger, either hickory or some other kind I can't recall, with cheese or not. That's about it. Side of fries with that? Sweet potato or regular? A milk shake, root beer or some other soda? Maybe you'll finish it off with one of their delicious pies, though there are only three to choose from so pick carefully. Notice that the menu gives you the dates of inception of the recipes from the burgers to the pies. You'll be amazed that it still stands up a century, literally a century, later.Don't let the simplicity of this place fool you. The burgers are as good as gourmet with an almost sweet taste that melts in your mouth. Add whatever kind of "sauce" you like to it to give it that extra kick. While you may feel you've entered into a time warp your mouth will feel like it's been elevated to heaven with each passing bite of whatever you have in front of you. You'll feel so full by the end you'll wonder how anyone went hungry back in the day. Walk back outside with the cars whooshing past and you'll know you've returned to the 21st century but your mouth and belly will be reminiscing for a more simple time.I've constantly heard people mention this place and how amazing it was, so I decided to join my brother and friends to experience the amazingness. Unfortunately I don't get what the big deal is. The food is ok, nothing special and pricey. The seating arrangement is annoying; we all ended up sitting separately and having to down our food in a record 5 minute time frame. Not my kinda thing. We got some pie to go and even that wasnt good.Glad I tried it, but not going back.Apple Pan, how precious are you? You serve a mean hickory burger, crispy fries, offer up homey counter service, and accept cash only. You are an institution; I get you. I follow your rules; I respect you. Can you believe some of these wiseacres who try to critique you? I have one word for these folks: PRUH-TEN-SIOUS! Okay, a few more words: Hello, who do you think you are? You aren't allowed to critique the Apple Pan, or call the menu limited. That's as naive as calling In-N-Out's menu limited. Pure silliness. Yes, cash only! Get over it! Yeah, hickory sauce, cheese, onions, etc....don't try to alter it. Eat it and love it in its pure glory; don't get all food critic on the Apple Pan. It's really feeble....Still one of the best burger joints in LA. It loses one star because they raised their prices, AGAIN! Other than that food is fresh and meat is tender. You want a good old fashioned burger, Apple pan is the place to be. Just remember to hit the ATM before you go, cash only.Not worth the wait.  Not worth the hassle of the line.  Not worth not being able to find seating.  Just not that good.  I mean seriously, I don't know why this place has gotten so many good reviews, Amateur burger aficionados!Sure, this place has a historic charm.  But it's over-priced and not nearly as delectable as other local spots like Father's Office or even The Counter in Santa Monica.  I categorize this burger about as good as what you'd get at a Cafe 50's chain, and you'll get better seating at Cafe 50's.Not sure what all the fuss is about..  Perhaps it was just my run in with the "secret sauce" which seem to me like Sweet relish and ketchup mixed together (not so special and not so good) that has sorta of turned me off, In fact it kinda ruined the burger for me.I will admit the rest of it was good, and so were the fries I also enjoyed the atmosphere after we fought and pushed pushed our way to a section of the counter the group could huddle around.  I am willing to give it a second chance now that I know not to let that sauce anywhere my burger I mean if all my friends say its good, how could it be bad right?I know I might get some flack for this, but this place left me very disappointed.  Maybe because I was fighting a hangover, but the whole layout was odd to me.  Standing around like a bunch of Hyenas trying to get a seat.  When we finally did the staff was in a frantic hurry to get our order and this always in my opinion makes people seem rude when maybe they are not trying to be.  I ordered the Hickory burger which is what my friend recommended and to be honest it was eeeeeh.  Don't get me wrong it's still a decent burger, but a bit overrated.Dear The Apple Pan, You serve, what I believe, are one of the best burgers in LA. Now that I think about it, you probably rank in my top 5 best/favorite burger places.Fortunately, I went at 10 in the evening in order to avoid all the wait and lines. I ordered a steak burger and fries. The size of the burger was perfect considering that I was not that hungry and I was in a terrible mood. Leave it to a pint size burger to cure my anger. To finish my meal, I had a warm apple pie with ice cream. Mmm pie. That is the one dessert I cannot resist. Considering I am a poor college student, the price was perfect. Also, I am a big fan of old diners/los angeles landmarks, so the evening's meal was a real treat. Sincerely, PatrickPost ScriptNew late night spot.This place is UHMAZIIIING!I'm not a great fan of burgers and frankly I don't care much for them. But if you place food before me, I will eat it...well depends... Anyhow. I love their Steakburger. The homemade sauce is spectacular and and patty is cooked just right. Not to chewy nor slightly uncooked.The fries are the best. I LOOOOVE fries. And my favorite for the longest time was In n Out fries. Now I have converted to Apple Pan fries. I am yet to try their pies. I'm a little apprehensive and don't know what to expect. I'm not big on pies but I'd like to try theirs. I heard they have the best pies in town. = DThis place serves real simple burger.  The meat, lettuce, tomato, buns.... everything is simple, but this simple burger taste absolutely fantastically tremendously great. I don't how to explain the taste, so stop reading my review at this point and go try it. Just don't go with too many since you will not find a seat, and will give up on waiting and instead get it to go to eat out side, while you see the people who come in group of 2, sit and enjoy there meal in a wonderfully old fashioned diner. P.S. For those who read my review to the end... try the banana cream pie. MMMM... so good.There is something so simple and clean tasting about thee hickory burger. I've been coming here for years. This is my favorite hamburger spot in LA.its not all flashy like all the burger joints popping up every where. It's just a simple burger done right every time.When I first arrived in LA, I ate here every single day for a month.While I am glad that those days are over, I'd say it's kind of amazing that I never did get sick of the food.I'm a burger fanatic and I have to say the food at Apple Pan is one of the best I have ever had in Los Angeles.   I hate BBQ, but I loved the Hickory Burger!   Their fries are amazing!  The only downer is the seating situation. Just remember to wait your turn!  When you arrive everyone keeps tabs on you, so don't sit outside of your turn.Apple Pan is another one of my favorite places in LA. I love hamburgers and Apple Pan has some of the best. The taste of the burgers isn't your typical made-to-order burger. If you're looking for that, go somewhere else. It's worth it to try the burger without changing anything about it. Don't worry, it's delicious!The fries are good too, just crispy enough, and there's plenty of ketchup to dip them in. Save room for a slice of the apple pie with a scoop of ice cream or a slice of banana cream pie. Both are excellent! The atmosphere in the place is pretty great too. When you walk in, it's like you're transported somewhere out of LA. Don't bring an attitude; sometimes the servers can be a little short. But hey, just shut up and enjoy the food. Also, don't come with a big group. There aren't any tables here, just the counter, and it can be difficult to seat even 4 people next to each other.The price may be a little high for just burgers but you're getting so much more than that. I always leave stuffed and on a high.Pro: It's been there a while, and it has a no-frills old-school burger joint feel to it.Cons: Everything else. Basically, I had to wait in line for the "privilege" of eating a glorified In-N-Out burger, ok fries, and cold apple pie. Then, I even had the "honor" of paying $32 for two people! With tip I was out $37 for a fast-food quality meal.Bottom line: Yet another overpriced, overhyped, LA establishment that needs to get over itself, but never will until the mindless drones with money to burn who claim it is "totally awesome" stop lining up. There are better burgers at Carl's Jr for a fraction of the price.Dear Apple Pan,I miss you.   I haven't seen you in quite a while. I have been thinking about your Hickory Burger.  It is soooo good!I am planning on visiting you soon, I promise!  What's great is that I know you will always be there for me.Love,MeEhh I've tried better. Came here with the roommates for dinner. We all ordered the Hickory Burger, which was just too sweet. Fries were ok. Honestly, In N Out and The Habit taste way better. I do have to say that their famous banana cream pie was delicious! The apple pie is ok. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.Over rated! Burgers are okay.Seating is horrible. Counter style all the way through. It's a hassle to find a seat when it's busy. Apple pie = eh...Both the hickory burger and the steak burger are delicious.  Incredibly tender, but if I can be a bit picky, I'd say the relish overpowers the flavor of the meat, so next time I'll ask for either less relish or none at all (I'm not a big fan of relish or pickles).  Also, the burgers were a bit on the smaller side.I also had a bite of my friend's egg salad sandwich and that was real tasty as well.The guys behind the counter aren't exactly newbies, as the "rookie" of the group has 17 years under his belt.  And don't be fooled by the serious expressions on their faces... if you can get the attention of one of them for a few minutes, they're more than happy to chat w/ you (but they'll maintain their serious expressions).I didn't get the banana cream pie so I'll have to get that next time.Best dive burger in LA!HIckory Burger (with cheese)FriesRoot BeerBanana Cream PieAround $17.00 for lunch28 counter seats, no tables.Plan on waiting for a seat at lunch, and I wouldn't recommend coming with more than 3 or 4 people.Fast and friendly service. I love how they bring the fries out immediately so you have something to eat while you wait.When I heard of this place on Huell Howser's California Gold, I had to try it out.  This was almost 10 years ago, when I was still in high school and I didn't have to worry about real life (bills, trying to get a great paying job, etc).  The food was absolutely delicious, and the apple pie was so fresh I found a seed in mine...lolI went back here after so many years of not going.  Things have changed....and not really for the better.  For starters, the pie almost costs as much as a burger.  (If you want to add whipped cream or ice cream, it's an EXTRA $2?!?!?!  Add that to the $5.50 per SLICE of pie and it's nearly $8.  WTF?)  Don't get me wrong, the service is very attentive, but if I'm really gonna bust a mission from my comfy suburb of Cerritos to come here, I'll be sure to carry wads of cash (since they only accept greenbacks).This place still has the best banana cream pie. It's heaveeeeen in your mouth. I crave their pie all the time. Every time I visit LA, I make a stop here. I also highly recommend the pecan pie with vanilla ice cream. Pass on the apple pie.The other food is eh (e.g. burgers, fries).I remember when I first ate at the Apple Pan back in the early 90's. I had watched Huel Howser's California's Gold show in PBS that featured the place and he was raving about the apple pie they served. I was living in the OC at the time, but I love apple pie and so I drove about 30 miles to the Westside to try this place out.Let's just say I was not impressed with their apple pie, but the burgers were decent, if not a little overpriced. I didn't plan on ever visiting the place again.Flash forward to tonight. I was in the area because I just watched a movie at the new Landmark (see my review). I decided to give this place another try. I didn't bother with their apple pie, but I ordered their steak burger. Not a bad burger, but for $6.70 (that's including tax), I didn't think it was worth it. It wasn't any different from what I could at an In N Out and it cost more. I admire that they have remained consistent over so many years but I think that all the repeat patrons have a misplaced nostalgia to the place. It's really not that good and doesn't live up to the hype. If you want true authentic diner nostalgia with better food, go to the Bob's Big Boy in Toluca lake (see my review). You get more bang for your buck over there.I saw this the first time and it was called Johnny Rockets. Ha!The thing about Apple Pan is that there's already two other burger joints that pretty much reign supreme in my book. So when you know exactly how you like your burger done and know exactly how you like your burger to taste, it's kind of hard to beat what you already have set in your mind as a "good burger." Yes, the service was speedy and...speedy. Our fries were out before we could even finish pouring our drinks into our paper cones, which my girlfriend thought was awkward to drink out of since they stacked two in there. "Have you ever tried drinking out of two plastic cups stacked together? Awkward."Nevertheless, I'll probably come back here someday if I don't want to sit in line at In-N-Out for 45 minutes (see In-N-Out review) or if I don't want to drive to Santa Barbara for the other best burger.My friend brought me and my boyfriend to this old-fashioned burger place off of Pico. Right when you walk in is the eating area, which is similar to the old diner setting where there are stool-like seats and "bar" like ordering. You can either wait for an empty seat or order "to go". We didn't want to wait, so we opted for the to go option. We ordered their Hickory Burger, Steakburger, fries, and an apple pie. I thought the Steakburger was the best tasting one, as the Hickoryburger was a little dry (as there was not enough sauce). The fries were nice and crisp, and complementary to the burgers. As for the apple pie, the crust was nice and warm and the filling was just delicious! They had a side of "apple juice" that I wasn't sure of, but I just poured it on top fo the pie and it was just scrumptious! Highly recommended place, and I will definitely bring my family and friends here sometime if I'm craving for burgers. I'm glad that it's just a few blocks from me.Heard about this place after hearing about it as a local burger gem in LA. Overall, Apple pan is not bad and the authentic 50's diner experience is truly unique. if you're dining here, you're definitely paying for the 50's diner experience and not so much the food. If you're new to LA and new to the LA burger scene, this might be a place to check out. Food: Hickory and Steak burger. Both are really good like most people say, but neither are great. For a burger that uses basic ingredients and is similar in size to an in-n-out double-double, the price close to 6 dollars is unfair. The beef patty is seasoned well but the flavor is lost in all the lettuce that's stacked in the burger.Their fries are tasty but I was pretty sure they were frozen/store-bought french fries. Atmosphere - Good and bad. Good because the 50's diner atmosphere is truly unique and authentic. It's not easy to find 50's style diners that deliver an authentic ambiance like you would find at Apple Pan. While there, you're seated at a horseshoe type counter where the waiters walk up to you and bring your orders right in front of where you're sitting. Bad because the seating is not the easiest to find and good luck getting more than 4 people sitting in one area. And god help you if you cut someone who's waiting or ask for something else (like tomato) on your burger. Overall:Apple Pan is not bad and the atmosphere is what you pay for when dining here. Don't forget to bring cash because its cash only. For basic burgers, Apple Pan's items are one of a kind.However, the makings of a great basic burger are price and taste. They should be good in quality and you shouldn't feel like you were overcharged for the burger itself. Gourmet burgers are excused from this rule, because they often use a variety of non-traditional burger fixings that actually do cost more. Apple pan delivers on taste but falls flat on price.update:tonight was my third time dining and second time sit in. Bottom line: If you're looking for a traditional burger, in-N-out would be a better option. If you're looking to pay $12 or more on a burger, fries, a drink, and dessert, the counter, umami burger, and father's office will not disappoint. if you want the 50's burger-diner experience, look no further than Apple Pan.The people working there looks like they're close to 100 years old. This place is such a classic that it has to be cool. The regular burgers are great without all the other fancy stuff. But my craving screams out for the Hickory Burger. The fries are great to complement your burger. Not to mention that everything is served on environmentally friendly plates. This is the quick and easy way good old American way to satisfy your hunger.First of all, the burgers here are very good. In fact, that is pretty much the only reason to eat here.It is importation to note, (for the first-timers), that this is a very small restaurant. You sit at the counter and depending on who you are sitting next to -- that pretty much dominates your dining experience. I've sat next to Warren Beatty at The Apple Pan. That was no problem. I've also sat next to some very messy and rude people. That is a problem. As is the case with most popular restaurants, it is all about when you go. I recommend off hours or the wait can be horrendous.But, if you want a good burger, this is the pace.After reading all the reviews, i made a trek out to LA to dine at this oh-so-wonderful zagat rated place. . . I had ordered the steak & my boyfriend ordered the Hickory burger. The quality of the burgers were okay. Its definitely better than in-n-out  but not great. I still think Pie-N-Burger, which is almost the same as this, if not identical, is a notch better. However, the Apple Pie a-la-mode was delicious!! It wasn't too sweet and the crust had a slight crunch to it which made it perfect. This is pretty much a must order. Service. The two behind the counter waiters moved at probably 100 mph trying to re/fill drinks, close tabs, take orders, deliver orders, pour ketchup, clean counters, or some other duty . . it was entertaining to watch however, i felt a bit rushed. We probably finished our entire visit in 30 min. max after feeling the hustle and bustle. Quick Tip - 1) bring cash. Two burgers, a soda, fries & apple pie a la mode with tip = $30 for a meal .   2) Go after the lunch crowd to avoid the wait.  3) Pretend you are at a burger eating contest and swallow your food.After following the simple tip above, you will have a much more pleasant experience.Yes! I'm a serious fan.There is nothing like a good juicy hot burger!  nothing!!!!The Hickory Burger here at the Apple Pan makes me want to slap my mother!!!!  But I know she'd slap me back so I wouldn't really do it!  lolNo! But seriously....the burgers here are delish!  For some reason when I visit the Apple Pan I always sit on the right side of the establishment!  Not really sure about why but I do!It's a counter seating set up so be prepared to stand and hover over those already seated and enjoying their burgers and fries!Mmmm, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  Visit The Apple Pan and you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!Final Decision: Seriously overprice and overrated So me and my bro were starving and we were in the west LA area, decided to check this spot out.  Big mistake.  The positives included the unique U-shaped dining area, the nice service, the old-school register and the cool diner feel.  Other than that the food wasn't remarkable, and was really overpriced. Food Ordered:Steak burger - got it with cheese and we expected two nice big burgers rolling out for the 7 bucks we dished out on each, what do we get, a burger patty the size of a quarter pounder, with the burger predominantly filled with layers of lettuce.  The sauce had a nice tang but wasn't the saving grace for the burger.  Fries - meh tastes like any fries. Apple Pie - it was nice to have it heated and warm, but the filling was soooo watered down and it was just hard to eat.  The top crust was flaky and pleasant, but that was the highlight of the pie.Pecan Pie - probably the best thing of the experience, and that wasn't speaking much.  The pie was made nicely and the flavors of a traditional pecan pie was there, but definitely nothing too exceptional.  After the experience I felt like I was cheated.  As mentioned above the food wasn't great and I still didn't understand all the high raves for the food here.  If you want a really good slice of pie, go to Marie Calendars, they still know what they are doing, and for a burger, FO, In-N-Out, Carl's JR, Jack in the Box, yea I said it I've had better burgers there.  No hating here, but true honesty.After all these years, I finally ate at The Apple Pan and yep, over-hyped in my opinion. So many better burgers are available around town and at way less prices.The quaint decor is cute and the apple and pecan pies are delicious, that's about it really.These small over-priced burgers are good but nothing spectacular.They don't even serve the burgers on plates! And the service is rushed because people are waiting to grab your seat.Bummer.Whatever you do, don't tick off Gordon. This is an old school burger joint and worth the wait. Cardinal rule number 1 -- wait your turn for a seat. It can be a little tricky, but make note of who is standing around the counter when you walk in. Now - the food. The menu is simple and perfect for the burger junkie. Order the hickory burger with cheese - oh I can feel my arteries hardening as I write this. Also, from a gal who usually can't stand custard type pies -- the banana cream is heaven on a plate (literally the clouds part and you hear the choir). Actually I haven't had a pie there yet that wasn't truly a delight.Amen to the Apple Pan and Gordon - I miss you.BANANA CREME PIE with ICE CREAM.  Sooooooooo worth sitting in Olympic traffic for.  I actually enjoyed the pie more than their burger, but that was good too.  Just not CAPS-worthy.  Since I live in the vicinity, I would definitely go back if I felt like eating burgers with a friend at a sit-down.  After the burger, I would order the BANANA CREME PIE with ICE CREAM.Oh, one last thing: Some people think the servers are mean, but they're actually very nice just with a sarcastic sense of humor.  I say, if you can't take the heat get the hell out of [their] kitchen!When someone tells me they're heading to LA I automatically blurt out...Go to the Apple Pan for me and order a hickory burger with cheese, fries, rootbeer and an apple pie ala mode.The Apple Pan has arguably the best burger in the world - I was on a trip to Japan and was reading a newspaper featuring, you guessed it, the Best Burgers in the WORLD - guess what was #1? Apple Pan. Besides... you never know what celebrity or old Hollywood writer you'll see in the corner..."GOODBYE SEX. HELLO BURGERS AND FRIES FROM THE APPLE PAN!!" I heard some freak announce that upon exiting this fine dining establishment not too long ago.Hmm...perhaps it was me...One of the guys who works here kinda looks like Charles Bukowski, and I'm sure if good 'ol Hank were still around, he'd hit up this joint for sure.The Apple Pan has been one of those places that I always intend to try, but nothing ever really pushed me to do it...until the day of John Wooden's 100th birthday.As it turns out, the Apple Pan is John Wooden's favorite burger place. More specifically, the Hickory burger, topped off with a chocolate pie. So, for this reason, this place got bumped to the top of our burger joint list. :]Lucas P., Neil S. and I arrived at about 5pm on a Tuesday evening.  It was busy, but not ridiculously so and we were able to snag three seats. The atmosphere is very cute.  Just your normal 50's U-shaped diner with a register that looks like it was from...well, the 1950's. The staff was cordial.  They weren't spectacular friendly, but they were quick and efficient... which is what they've had years of training to be, so you can't really hate on them for that. We all ordered the Hickory Burger.  The burger itself was good.  I wouldn't say it was orgasmic, but definitely good.Now, the pie.  For the record, I don't like pie very much, but...omg...WOW.  We ordered the Chocolate Pie and the Banana Creme Pie with Ice Cream.  It was a splurge, but definitely worth it...especially when you put the two together.  Ahh, my mouth is drooling just thinking about it.  Overall, great place to try out, but unless you're a Wooden fan, you probably won't ever have an incentive to go in. :\  It is worth passing up. Not only that, parking is a nightmare, although we ended up parking in the Guitar Center structure. (shhhh!)This city just wouldnt be the same without the apple pan!  Bravo to them for never selling out even with all the pressure from developers over the years.  Thank you Apple Pan! The westsiders love you!The reviewers who "dont get it"... they are not local and just wont get it.classic no frills diner with damn fine burgers and fries!  But its the pies that will bring you back.  My whole life these pies have been at our family events :)my favorite? boysenberry cream piegood luck getting a seat :)Okay, let's bring the hype down a bit. This place is decent but to be honest, QUITE PRICEY! I feel like there are a million 'great place for burgers' out there. To me, it kind of gets to a point where a good burger really can't get much better than the other good burger.Anyway, the steak burger is aiight. I remember it being dry and using lots of ketchup to make it go down better. I'd like to add that I rarely use ketchup for burgers. :/Fries are good, but when are fries NOT good?I didn't get chance to try other burgers or desserts but I remember being secretly disappointed in this place. Never thought about coming back --- especially since great burger places are pretty ubiquitous in the LA area.I was told by a friend that I had to check it out and I was very happy to have taken that recommendation. Great burger and banana cream pie. The place is simple and old school. Great environment. I'd go back.One of the original hamburger shops in LA.  So, even if you don't think the burger is all that great, you have to admit, the vibe of this place is pretty cool.  There is only counter space to sit, we were lucky to get there when it wasn't too busy, there are 2 guys taking on the other side of the counter taking your orders and you can see the cooks making the food behind them.  How neat is that,  they even have an old school cash register, but remember, it's cash only.I really enjoyed the burger.  The patties aren't frozen, they are taken out of a fridge in front of you.  The hickory sauce compliments the meat and the cheese.  The fries are cooked exactly how i like, crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  And the pie, the pie is the perfect ending to a really good and satisfying meal.I love the simplicity. Nothing fancy, nothing glamorous. Just a bunch of good people who make good burgers. I've ordered everything on their menu and nothing disappoints. My burger always changes but my dessert is always the same: apple pie. It's the perfect end for a meal. I never quite have a craving for a burger at Apple Pan though. I think it's because they don't put crack in their burgers like other facilities.The Good- The atmosphere is retro and the style simple The Bad- The burgers, seriously not that greatThe Ugly or Strange- the guy who served us looked like he was doing that since the 50sThe service is fast...maybe too fast!  I felt quite rushed through my entire meal.  People circled like vultures for the next available seat at the counter.  Server: "Burger?"Me: "yes."Server: "Fries?"Me: "yes"Server: "Coke"Me: "yes"But somehow...I only got a burger and had to ask about the other stuff.  Why do they bother taking our order if they don't listen to what we say?The burger itself was fine.  Nothing great, but also not terrible.  A bit on the pricey side for what you get though.My roommate and I got the hickoryburger with fries. It was super fresh, super delicious. Seating might be a difficult if you come during a busy time. The staff is friendly.I've always only came to get their pies. Both the cream and apple are delicious (I favor the cream pie, to be honest). The crust is thin, crisp, and buttery. The apple pie, though, has plenty of juice so the bottom crust tends to be more moist and soft, but still good.Today, I finally went with some friends for dinner. Get her early - we got here around 6PM - because the small restaurant fills up fast. By the time we finished our burgers, people were waiting to be seated.The hickoryburger was good. One of the better standard burgers, not your gourmet burger. But that doesn't mean it wasn't delicious. Indeed it was. The hickory flavor made it feel like it just came from a hickory wood BBQ grill. A bit too much lettuce-to-burger ratio for me, but easy to rectify.If you want to eat at a burger joint that feels like you're back in the 50's, this is the place. Countertop service - which is the only seating they have. Burgers and fries cooked in front of you.I love the apple pan :) I really do. It's just a charming little place that looks  straight out of the 50s. It's usually really busy so I planned to take my boyfriend there around 10. We found parking really quick & found seats right away.So, the service here is very direct, no butt kissing. They want to know what you want & they will serve it to you incredibly efficiently. There's no entertaining for a tip. I kind of like that sometimes. Well, it's totally fine if I get my food real quickly, and they certainly do!So we both ordered the hickory burgers & they came out super quickly along with our fries. My hickory burger was delicious. The secret is the crisp, fresh, lettuce, mmmm. My only complaint is that they go way to heavy on their sauce. I definitely forgot how heavy they went on it & will now remember & want to remind all of you! We ended the evening with a Banana cream pie & apple pie to go. We ate them at home & were very pleased. I am a HUGE fan of the banana cream pie. It is delicious :)Definitely a little on the pricey side for a burger joint but very straight forward & yummy. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.I personally love the grumpy old men behind the counter. It's something I get a lot on the east coast but fail to find on the sunnier side of the US. Sometimes a girl just wants a little attitude, ya know? Yes they're grumpy, but somehow it still makes me want to hug them all.I won't waste time talking about the hickory burger since there are so many other reviews on it, but I WILL let it be known that the banana cream pie is TO DIE FOR.This is not a good place to go on a date (claustrophopic nightmare) but is an excellent place to stop by on a lazy weekend afternoon. Just get it to go. Unless you enjoy a line of strangers standing 2 feet behind you, staring at you while you eat and waiting for you to finish.This old school burger joint is set up like your standard shabu shabu restaurant. There are no actual tables, there's just a U-shaped communal seating area. You pick a side and hope that it's the one with faster eaters, and then you wait. I came on a Friday night after 8 thinking that the dinner rush would die down, but it was still really busy. The wait wasn't too bad and the food comes out pretty quickly after you order. We got the Steak Burger and the Hickory Burger. They are really different from each other-- the steak burger is more classic and has a relish sauce, and the hickory burger is slightly smoky with a tangy BBQ-like sauce. I'd recommend sharing the burgers if it's your first time. Although the burgers were decent, they're really nothing special and definitely not worth the long wait. However, I really enjoyed the apple pie. If I were to come back, I'd probably just come for dessert instead of burgers. And don't forgot to ask for a scoop of ice cream!Here's a good place to stop and eat a burger diner style! It's across the street from the westside pavilion mall so just about everyone goes here. I heard nice things about The Apple Pan and of course I saw California's Gold with Huell Howser. He can sell ketchup popsicles to a woman in white gloves. After going in I figured out I only had enough cash (cash only) for a burger and and a piece of pie. I ate my burger slowly and noticed it had a bit more lettuce than I would care to have. Didn't matter because it had cheese on it and that about sums it up for the burger. The place didn't seem to have a parking lot so look out for it because I missed it. If I had visitors or family members in LA I wouldn't take them here. It's nice but you can skip it. It can get busy so I also wouldn't want to have to wait for seats like vultures waiting in the shadows.The Apple Pan restaurant was built in the early 1900's and is still a family owned restaurant.  It"s more of a architectural curiosity.  As modern buildings made of concrete and steel are spring up around this wood framed structure, this restaurant becomes more iconic because as time passes by, it  looks more and more out of place sitting across the gigantic Westside Pavilion Mall.  Truly, time has stood still on this little corner of Pico Blvd.  During prime time, lunch or dinner hour, there's usually a line out the door.  Once inside there is an unspoken hierarchy or rules of coveting a seat at the counter.  It's first come first serve depending on which side of the counter you're standing at.  I guess if you're a total prick, you can squeeze in before everybody else but you're going catch a lot of shit or a knife in the back.  Just kidding.Once seated and your food arrives, the rude waiter, an older gentleman is already wiping down your area before you have a chance to finish your meal.  Ha Ha!!  The rudeness is all part of the atmosphere.  The Hickory Burger is nothing to write home about, there are much better hamburgers made today.  The really unique part of this experience is that the drinks are served in a conical paper cup lining stainless steel tumblers.  I mean even when I was a lad, this was old fashioned.  It must be considered ancient history by now.  I used to think they made the best Apple Pies but I've since changed my mind.  Although they are still very good, I've found much better places.  Unless you're a local or a worker bee I could see coming here for lunch but if you're tourist, come for the nostalgia and the experience.Went again last night.  Was very good!!One thing though:Bitching about the prices on Yelp is one thing but doing that kind of crap in the restaurant while this poor guy is supposed to be working is absolutely unacceptable.  The menu has the prices.  If you want two burgers, fries, drinks AND a whole pie, its gonna cost a few dollars!! Geez give it a break.My favorite burger joint in LA.  This place has been around forever and it never changes one bit.  A classic spot in Los Angeles.  The burgers are wonderful, the staff is efficient (but not overly friendly), and the banana cream pie is to-die-for.  It's fairly inexpensive and usually busy around lunch.  But the turnover is pretty quick so you'll rarely have to wait long, if at all.  Keep in mind: They only accept cash and they are closed on Mondays.I've been to The Apple Pan a bunch of times and it has been great each visit.The burgers are juicy and the apple pie is delicious.  The staff is always grumpy in a charming sort of way (you better know what you want to order).  The rustic Americana feel is a great escape from West LA drudgery.If you don't go at peak times then you shouldn't have to wait long for seats around the U-shaped counter but be wary of the lunch and dinner crowd.  The line can back out of the door.As much as I like this place the price keeps me from coming more often.  It is a bit steep for a burger joint.If you are looking for a good, quick burger and fries, this place will do. The service is there to get you your food and then get you out of there. Don't expect pleasantries, just ask for your food. And ask for the basics - this definitely isn't a place for a fancy burger (that place is Fathers Office). Make sure to bring cash, and there are a few parking spaces in the back if you can't find street parking (or park in the mall parking lot -it's free - and then walk over).  I've never had the pies, but they look good, and come covered in ice cream.I love it, I hate it. I like it, I loathe it. I adore it, no way am I standing in that line to fight for a counter seat again.The burgers here are so damn good it's hard to get me to say "no" to a suggestion of coming here... but every time I do, there's always some seating b.s. People have a dumb tendency to grab an empty seat and then leave a one-seat space between themselves and the person next to them. This is hardly efficient when the only seating is counter and the line is out the door. So as much as I love eating here, that aspect of it always turns me off. Apple pie with cheese on it is amazing.Supposely this is the best burger & pie place ever in LA. came here after seeing a video reviewing this place.I like the place because it's kinda vintage. they even had the old school-typewriter-type cash register. hahaThere are 26 seats exactly. small parking place for the exact amount of people. The burgers are ok. NOT like amazing or something ha ha. ok fries. very small portion of fries for 3.99 the baked ham sandwich is so big. I litterally had to open my mouth wide to eat this sandwich and it didn't even fit.burgers&sandwiches are like 6-7ish bucks. we came all the way here so might as well try their pie. slice of pie is $5? eh OK. ice cream was good though. the bill waslike 30 dollars. o  m g. so expensive. over hyped. I wouldn't pay this much for something i can get at in&out for way cheaper.but the customer service is great. they even give u napkins, wipe your mouth for you, lol give u things u haven't asked for but was gonna ask. mmm so that was good!The burgers are good here but it's the tuna salad that is the star.  I've never had a tuna salad I've actually cared for really except this.  I was like wow, that's great tuna salad.All the rest of the food is good too.You'll have to wait for a bit to get a seat but it's worth it.  It hasn't lost all it's old style charm.  Feels like stepping back in time to a better age where you always paid in cash but didn't have to watch your wallet in fear of being robbed.The "best burger in LA" arguments are kind of overrated guys. How do you compare the simple Apple Pan burger, with the gourmet Umami burger, to a bar-like Father's Office burger? Then there's the much adored In-n-Out burger. it's just not possible.So here's my two cents to settle this. Yes, Apple Pan has a hype to be one of the best burgers/pie joints in LA--I can confirm this statement. In my opinion, there's something about the Hickory burger, with a nice touch of the simple things (tomatoes, lettuce, ketchup, etc) DRENCHEDD in their sauce that is so gooood. I eat this burger, every time in silence, without stopping. There's no talking allowed when eating this burger. SIMPLE PLEASURE, without the fancy arugula, fried onions, fancy ketchup, whatever. If you want a good, hearty, simple burger, this is it. Pair it with the fries, and you're set.If you're really trying to stretch your wait, get a slice of the banana creme pie. Creamy, lightly sweetened, chunks of banana, with a crust that is out of this woooorld.Yeah the service is whatever (besides the little old man, LOVE HIMMMM), yeah it's cash only, yeah it's just a tad overpriced, and yeah parking isn't the easiest on Pico--but overhyped? Definitely not. It's a classic.Seating is kind of weird though, super limited and only bar seats. Prowl over people uncomfortably until they feel the urgency to eat faster and leave is the way to go.Apple Pan is another one of LA's must try places. They are known for their "special sauce" that they put on their burgers...it's some sort of ketchup but it also tastes kind of barbequey but also has a spice...I can't explain it you just have to try it yourself. The place is usually pretty packed so some people get frustrated trying to wait for a seat so just prepare yourself for a wait. I believe it's an LA landmark now though so if you have any friends coming in from out of town who want to try a good burger, take them here before In N Out.An institution of a restaurant!!! I have lived in West Los Angeles for the bulk of my life. I grew up with the Apple Pan in my life, my father did as well, and so did my Grandmother. She often times nostalgically remembers when the famous Hickory burger cost a hefty $1.65. Times have definitely changed, and although the burger is a bit more money, the flavors are still the same. If you don't believe me, simply ask my Grandma. If you are not afraid of a lot of sauce go for the Hickory burger. Tons of smoky flavor, without the current annoying frills like truffles, and Stilton cheese (not that I am saying those toppings are bad in the least). The burger is always juicy, and more than filling. The fries are always pipping hot, and the sodas are served in old fashioned cone cups. This place is most definitely a blast from the past. The cash registers are over 83 years old, and the servers have this curmudgeonly charm. I have been told that Johnny Rockets got their original idea from The Apple Pan. As for dessert, believe it or not I am not a huge apple pie fan, however the Boysenberry pie is to DIE FOR! If you are eating at Apple Pan, then calories don't exist, so go for the pie al-a-mode. Just like my family took me to The Apple Pan, I will certainly take mine!GIVE ME PIE NOW!!!! ME WANT IT!!  (Pushes over grandma at the counter and tramples toddler to taste such luscious fluffy whipped cream mounted on top of that glazed blackberry goo) yummers!!!First problem:  It's OK to do this "classic joint" deal but you need to do it with people that care.  Here you just stand and wait like a hawk waiting for a seat.  Nobody in the kitchen will say anything.  There is NO PERSONALITY!  It's cold.Second problem:  The fries are HORRIBLE.  Perhaps the worst I've ever had.  Frozen generic brand grocery fries are better.  The Apple Pan doesn't understand the notion of ... seasoning.  I don't think they have any salt or pepper in the kitchen.  Anthony T, Derrick L, Christine D and everybody else on here with NO PALATE ... you really should go get that checked out @ your doctors.Third problem:  The much raved about Hickory Masterpiece is TERRIBLE.  This sauce that everybody is busting over is clearly ketchup based and anything but sophisticated.  Sure tasted like liquid smoke.  The meat ... might as well no be there as it has no flavor.  The whole thing is tiny consisting of mainly cheap bun and A LOT of lettuce.  This is Los Angeles where there is an overabundance of burger joints and this place is at the bottom of the barrel.  Hell its rusted through the bottom of the barrel it's so bad.  To everybody that's raved about this place:  Go to Carl's Jr and have the Western Burger.  Hell, go practically anywhere and you are better off.Fourth problem:  Horrible impersonal service.  The place is a factory.  No human interaction.  I'm surprised they don't just throw the damn burger at you when you enter.  Not like you have many choices in there anyways.Fifth problem:  For Christ's sake the Apple Pie is HORRIBLE too!  It came out steaming like a bowl of snot yet was COLD!  Tasted very bland.  I've had a million better apple pies for example from Ralph's!  Sixth problem:  The place is pricey as hell if you think about it.  The burger is expensive for the thimble size.  They charge $5.50 for small slice of "The World Famous Worst Apple Pie in Los Angeles".  And then they have the audacity to charge $2.00 for whipped cream.  Are you kidding me?  It's bloody whipped cream.So ... again to all you Yelpers that so let me down.  I suggest somebody starts a fund so you guys can get palate transplant.  And to the Apple Pan ... you'll never see me or anybody I know there again. I hope you close.  Though that seems unlikely given history and the clear abundance of people with no taste buds.This is an all-time favorite of many westsiders who queue up for as many as 30 minutes to get a coveted seat at the counter-only burger joint. The burgers are great, but probably get more culinary credit than they deserve due to some weird halo affect that sits over this ancient burger stand.And, I do agree with some of the other comments: Gordon the waiter is not shy about being mean (enough with the intimidating demeanor), the food is overpriced (but less than a $15 burger at Banderas), and the burgers have too much lettuce (but just ask for easy lettuce).All that aside, I love taking my kids there; they'll remember having burgers with Dad their whole life.I love going in here when I'm in town... I think the trick is to pop in really late, and you won't have to face the seat competition anxiety. The atmosphere is great -- just like going back in time. The old codgers waiting on you are no nonsense. I opted for apple pie, and I was glad I did. It was the kind of pie that doesn't look that great but tastes awesome. Kind of like when you (or someone you know who's a really good cook) makes it at home. I had a bite of my date's burger, and it was great. The kind of flavor you only get from eating off a grill that is a million years old. They even had the old-fashioned cash register here, with punch buttons and a bell. I love that.This place is grossly overrated.  The hickory burger is good, but it's not THAT good.  A couple other things that suck:1) Seating is tight.  It's on a first-come, first-serve basis, so you basically have to stalk people as they leave to get a seat when the place is busy.2) They don't have ranch dressing.  I asked for some, and the idiot behind the counter gave me more hickory sauce instead.  Okay, because THAT'S the same.Picking up a banana cream pie for husband's birthday tonight- these are simply the best that can be made - by anyone!   I prefer to have it for breakfast, though, instead of dessert - all those fresh bananas, you know... I've never had a problem with the wait staff - gosh darn it - these people are busy - so get in, get your food 'n get out (lol)They have a total old school diner feel here it was cool because there aren't many places that are like that now a days! Just be patient as there isn't much seating at the whole bar area its kinda a you were here first you get the next seats kinda place. Their menu consists of a few different burgers most are pretty similar with the toppings cheese etc most of the burgers were around $7. They have an awesome relish here it taste like a mixture of sweet and dill pickles gives your burgers a little kick I asked for extra relish on the side so I could put it on my fries it was quite good on the fries and juicy burger! They had a few different pie selections wile we were there they were baking pecan and apple both looked yummy! I had a piece of the apple it wasn't amazing but it was still good! My lady seems to like her banana cream pie a little bit more then my apple. If I'm in the area ill definitely come back!Now this a real burger joint. No frills.  Not trendy. Not hip. Nothing fancy. Just good burgers. Stools around a small bar counter. Your burger comes half wrapped and your coke in a paper cup. Nuf said. The place is always packed during lunch time. And it is street parking only.I have lived in LA all of my life. I have been to pretty much every burger joint in town. Nothing can touch the Apple Pan. It is by far the best burger in all of LA! I definitely recommend the Hickoryburger. The sauce they use is perfect! You just can't beat this place as far as taste and price goes.Best burger in LA.  Hands down.  The burgers are tasty - with a hickory flavor, the fries are perfectly crisp, and the pies and ice cream are really good too.  The atmosphere is old school - counter only, old big brown cash registers, and it's always the same two friendly old guys who have been there for 40+ years behind the counter serving you.  And unlike all the counter-jockeys at Johnny Rockets (which also has a good burger, but undeniably TRIES to be old school while Apple Pan undoubtedly is), these two cats are not aspiring actors.If you've got 4 people in your party, you may have to wait.  The place is always packed, and rather than have a line or a host, people wait with the honor system.  And the honor system has never done me wrong at this place.   It's also probably the best place to eat a burger by yourself.   Oh yeah, it's closed on MondaysThis place is an LA institution.  It's 60 years old now, and there's good reason why it's still there.  The price is fair, especially for the quality of food and service that you're getting.   So what are you still reading this for, burger lover?  Head over there and get yourself a steakburger and some fries!I had forgotten how yummy their burgers and pies are!  I've also tried the egg salad sandwich, and it was good, too.  My friends and I used to eat here almost every week but it has been a few years (yikes!).  We went this weekend and it was as good as ever.  I like the hickory burger with cheese, banana cream pie, and Coke.  But, be prepared for the experience - when you get there, look around and figure out who's there ahead of you.  There is just one long counter and no one to seat customers.  Just wait until everyone who was there before you sits down, then grab the next open seats.  It can get a little tense when some people decide they are too important to wait - if they think they can get away with it, they'll go for it.  You'll see them eyeing people who are getting ready to leave, glancing sideways to see if you're watching, edging closer to the seats about to be open... it can be a bit annoying.  Best with smaller groups - any more than 4 and you're really pushing it.  Sometimes with a group of three, you see two seats open and one person opts to eat standing up.Also, when they come to take your order, they don't waste any time- my exchange goes something like:"I'll have the hickory bur-""Cheese?""Ye-""Drink?""Coke.""Want fries?""Ye-"And they're off.  A plate of fries slapped down on the counter within a few minutes.  The drinks come in paper cones resting in metal (used to be plastic) holders.  The burgers are messy and delicious.  Quick turnaround, no fuss.  Check it out.After all the hype, we finally went ot this place and it did not live up. It was a Sunday afternoon and it was crowded. There are approximately 20 seats at a counter and the waiting room is the restuarant. you feel like someone is right over your shoulder as you eat. You also feel the pressure to get out of there since there are so many vulchers...I mena people waiting to take your seat. It is not good for groups since you'll probably never be able to all sit together,Now onto the food. It is nothing special. Your classic grease burger with fries if you so choose. I have heard desserts are good but we felt so rushed, there was no chace to get dessert. Many people were ordering to-go which would be a wiser option.Much has been said about this place so there is not much I can add.  Burgers are hands down better than In N Out.  Many people also call this place a tourist trap.  I beg to differ on this.  It's been here since the 40's, so it is famous and in a lot of guide books.  Now, if they had a gift shop it would be touristy.  If you have never been, you must go here!The pies are great here too (pecan is just OK), be sure to get the homemade whipped cream though!It's a really tasty burger and a pretty cool setup. I support it because it's a long-standing family owned business. However, I feel it's a tad overpriced for what you get (but it IS a family business, so I can't complain). It's certainly not a place to go with a group.Just be aware of the Apple Pan Etiquette. There's a counter with very limited seats. Everyone else stands along the wall and waits for an opening. At that point, it's all on the honor system to let those who waited the longest get the next open seat. Overall, it's a fun place. Best Burger in LA? This may be sacrilege, but I prefer Islands.I read a few of the reviews and I've noticed that several of them complain about the size of the restaurant. It's a VERY well known fact that this place is TINY (seating capacity of roughly 20-25) and you will almost always have to wait for seats to open up. If you come as a group of more than 3, you'll have to be willing to split up unless you want to wait for a really long time. If anything, you can always order take-out.The reason why I like this place is the UNIQUE dining experience on top of the quality of the food. It feels like a 1980s burger joint; customers sit around the counter and the servers are decked out in white aprons and hat. The registers are old fashioned too! I ordered the Hickory burger + fries + Cream soda. It wasn't cheap, but I felt it was one of those LA dining experience I had to have while I'm living in LA. It's fast food, but the restaurant isn't just one of the "usual fast food restaurants." Not to mention Apple Pan is unique to LA. The size of the burger was perfect for me (about the same as an In-N-Out burger). The quality of the meat was good and I really liked their original sauce! My friend had been there before and told me to get the hickory sauce for my fries...yummmm! They give you one of those paper cone cups in a metal stand for your drink; I didn't know they existed! My friends and I decided to get a whole pie to go for dessert at my place; they ran out of the banana cream pie, so we had to go with the apple. It comes with a caramel sauce; the pie was ok.Overall, I had a positive experience -- good service, good food, what more can I ask for? I'll probably be back some time in the future, although not often. I want to try the banana cream pie, which my friend raves about.I used to go to the Landmark a lot, and was always up for trying something new.  The Indian food across the street?  Okay.  Westside Tavern?  Great, but the wait can be long.  Italian Food on Pico... meh.  Junior's?  Overpriced.And then there was Apple Pan.  It scared J away for a while since it was named after his least favorite fruit on the planet.  And the "B" cleanliness rating was a bit of a deterrent too.  But finally we braved it to check out the hype.Grilled cheese is fine, nothing special, nothing bad.  J liked the cheeseburger but with so many amazing burger places in LA it didn't shine.  The fries were great, as was the decadent chocolate cream pie.  Everyone sits in a horseshoe around the counter, with an outer horseshoe of people waiting for your stool.  It's definitely an in-and-out place - you'll scarf your food down and be on your way, so if it seems crowded don't worry - you can still make your movie.  They use really tiny plates and cups - kinda cute, like when I'd go to my grandparents house and they'd only purchase Dixie cups because they were cheap at Odd Lot.I'll pull down a cloud for youI'll circle the stars and bring you em backI'll walk through the sun for youCuz theres somethin you do at...THE APPLE PAN! - The Dream (walking on the moon)Waiting at this place is pretty funny, stand around the diner until people are done eating and plop down! I ordered the hickory burger (their most popular item) with fries and the fries came instantly. Their sauce is some kind of bbq ketchup hybrid and its pretty good - along with the rest of the burger. I made a mistake in hindsight - I should've tried their pie but i didn't do it. Why did i agree to eat at a place called 'the apple pan' without trying their apple pie...who knows - i failed!Food: 3.5 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 3 stars --- Price(value): 3 starsOh Apple Pan. The TRUE LA local burger spot, away from In and Out, away from Carney's  away from anything glitzy.Tucked away on the west side of town, our beloved Apple Pan still is serving a limited menu on a counter that seats about 20 people. Thankfully I always go when the crowds are minimal and always, ALWAYS order a Hickory burger. Now, there is a side you will be on here. Either a Hickory burger side, or the Steak burger.Another thing with Apple Pan is I ALWAYS order my fries well done, for a little extra crisp. Not often do I make it to the Pie but once I did have a slice of Apple pie and I'm glad I did. Fresh, decadent, flaky.. it was perfect.Apple Pan is definitely for the Burger Aficionado.Second time here, first review.  The first time was much better.  It's not a bad burger by any means, but there are definitely better options around.  Its convenient to the Landmark Movie Theater and its a good post-movie treat.  I wouldn't, however, make a trip there.  In-n-Out definitely beats it out, not to mention all of the new burger joints that dedicate their menu to the hamburger.  Go here if you wanna feel nostalgic, or to be able to say you've been there.  Other than that, move on.Good burgers, good fries, AMAZING pies. I honestly really only come here for the Pies. the burgers at $7 aren't really worth it... but their pies are 100% worth it. Wait is a pain. CASH only Parking is a pain as wellI checked this place out because I saw some random article that said they had one of the 25 best burgers in America.I got the steak burger, which was pretty tasty, but I think my expectations were set a bit high.  It was nice to have a burger that tasted more grilled than fried in Los Angeles (something this city SEVERELY lacking).  All of the ingredients tasted fresh and the sauce was really good.  I didn't try the fries, but they looked good and the paper cups they give you with water were interesting.  I didn't have trouble finding a seat when I went around 7 pm on a Thursday.  The guy who served me was nice and I got my burger very quickly.  I'd normally give this place four stars, but it's cash only and the parking lot can only hold about four cars.The pie looked really good, but I didn't try any.My burger buddy and I went there because we heard so much about it.  It appears to be an L.A. legend.It was crowded and we finally did garner two seats.  Service was minimal and so was the food.  Burgers nothing special and drinks in pointed paper cups were hardly enough to satisfy your thirst.It's a place to experience once and that will tell you it's not worth going back. We went in and after eating we went out.  Our next burger stop will be In and Out.I am panning the Apple Pan for service, food, and prices.I don't know what the haters are talking about, but the Apple Pan is still a favorite for awesome burgers.  The restaurant itself is made of no more than 20 or so stools arranged around a counter complete with two old-fashioned cash registers.  These cash registers look like they stole them from and antique store, but in actuality, they were just the original cash registers that they had when Apple Pan opened in 1947.BURGERS:  They have only two burgers, the Hickory burger and the steak burger.  I love their steak burger.  It has a thick beef patty, a chunk of iceberg lettuce, mayo, and their special relish sauce.  My favorite part is the intense crunch from all of the lettuce when you bite into these burgers.  You can also order it with or without cheese.  Their cheese is thickly sliced and melts well over the fat beef patty.  The Hickory burger has a Hickory sauce that is smoky in flavor and replaces the relish in the steak burger.  FRIES:  Thick cut, crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  You can order them extra crispy if you want them to be super crispy.PIES:  Banana cream is my favorite.  The crust is thin and flaky and the cream is delcious.  Even the whipped cream is thick.  Best banana cream pie.This place is nostalgic and worth the extra few bucks for the quality burgers and fries that you get... and don't forget the pie afterwards!  Open late so great for night owls like me... but, closed on Mondays.A classic, old-fashioned burger joint that looks like it hasn't changed one bit since it opened in 1946, in a good way. Although it's not fancy like many other upscale, fancy LA gourmet burger joints, Apple Pan serves an honest, classic American burger of high quality.The Good+ The Steakburger. The burger is simple, classic and delicious with no frills. The lettuce was crisp and crunchy, the Tilamook cheese melty, gooey and perfect. The burger was comparable to In-n-Out's cheeseburger. Most gourmet burger places, I walk home full having eaten half my burger. but here, I can eat the entire burger and then some. Though it was smaller than most other gourmet burgers, I am all about quality over quantity. + The Hickory Burger. That hickory sauce really makes this burger kick! Both burgers were delicious, but I like very strong flavors and therefore preferred the Hickory and its sharp, sweet tanginess.+ Banana cream pie. I don't even like banana cream, but this was sooo gooood!!+ The old-fashioned charm and ambience.The Bad- Expensive! Like I said, I don't mind small portions - but $6+ for a burger that does not fill me is quite steep- Long waits and little space. When you walk in, there is no sign-in sheet or waiter to seat you. The seating is sort of based on first-come first-serve honor system. Pick which side you want to sit on, hover on that side, and when a spot opens up, you can sit down. I wouldn't come here with a party larger than two people.- Fries were bland and unappealing. Wouldn't order them again.- Parking. Tiny, tiny lot (like 2 spots) and the rest is street parking.- Cash onlyWhat's all this hype about the Hickory burger? The sauce tasted like 1 part hickory sauce, 1 part cocktail sauce. Shrimp cocktail sauce. It was... alright? The burger patty was pretty good as were the fries, and the soda in a wax cup was charming.Maybe I'll go back, but I'm steering away from that hickory burger.$13 combo. Hickory cheeseburger was good. Lettuce and tomato was fresh/crispy. Fries were regular ole fat fries. I dont understand the hype. For the price, LA has better options. I cant say i'll recommend this place or even return.The rundown: - Hickory Burger was great!!!  Get it with the cheese- Fries were okay. Large portions.- apple pie was yum- peach pie was okay- banana cream pie - I didn't get to try it. They run out too early.- service good.   My other half and I went to apple pan for the first time this past Friday. We both had the Hickory Burger and a side of fries. Our initial reaction was how good the sauce was!!  We wish we shared the side of fries. There was enough for the two of us.  I love burgers and this place made me very happy. It was so good that we went out again the next night with some friends. This time we had the steak burger and I wasn't a fan. My boyfriend loved it because of the sweeter relish taste that came with it.  Next time, Hickory burger. :)Dessert - we both were sad that both times we went, the banana cream pie was not available. :(. I tried the apple and peach pie. Apple was great- boyfriend states one of the best apple pies I've had- and the peach was okay. Service was fast for us and the waiter was attentive. He probably thought we were nuts when we came in two nights in a row.Great customer service .....I suggest making your burger are home before you come here. There's nothing special about it. Well over priced...7.10 for a hamburger you'd like to forget.Great historic location.Fun atmosphere.Mouth-watering hickory burgers.The Apple Pan is a very small, counter-only establishment, that has no frills to speak of. I don't eat burgers much anynore, but this place is high on the list of occasional indulgence choices. If you ever saw "Beverly Hills 90210" take note that the "Peach Pit" from that show is a stylized version of the Apple Pan. Stylization is something totally absent from the original, and it is all the better without it.The burgers are VERY doused in BBQ sauce (is it even BBQ sauce?).The burgers are hard to eat. It will get messy.The servers were very attentive. The Derek Fisher of Apple Pan.Banana creme pie was heavy on banana. Didn't expect that. It was a ginormous slice of pie.Kinda pricey for a burger joint. VERY crowded. BEWARE!I personally think its overrated.I like In-n-Out burgers better than here............but they beat In-n-Out fries.Ahhhh The Apple Pan.  I grew up on this stuff...There ain't nothing fancy about this place.  Diner style, sit at the counter, no tables.  Gruff, grumpy old guys manning the counter.  They've been working there since the beginning of time.  Cash only.  Usually a wait, but totally worth it.The burgers are great.  Any of them.  Any of the two that they have on the menu ;)  This menu hasn't changed since the 50's.  Old school steak fries, and the guys pour ketchup onto a plate.  Oh, and don't forget the fresh homemade pies for dessert.  They're the best part.  Even better than the burgers.  Anything from boston cream to banana cream to pecan (my favorite), apple, peach, cherry... delicious.One complaint (and I've always had it)... if you're super hungry, if you want a double-patty, you have to pay for two burgers... what the f*ck is that???I only give this place 4 stars because I've had a better burger at the Blue Dahlia (read my review of this joint if you're unfamiliar and a fan of beef).Apple Pan was another stop for me in my quest to find the best burger in LA. The diner-esque feel with the U-shaped bar was a fun place to grab a bite. I ordered the Steakburger while my friend ordered the Hickoryburger. They were both really good, but I preferred the Steakburger.  I thought the BBQ sauce on the Hickoryburger was a tad too sweet. The burgers are simple with nothing fancy but tasty nevertheless. The fries were also good, but nothing spectacular. I hear the pies are awesome but I didn't get to try since we were stuffed from our burgers and fries.Overall verdict, Apple Pan does have a good burger but as far as the title for best burger in LA, I think it falls a little short. This may be the hardest type of food to judge since it's so subjective and based on one's personal preference. I'd definitely stop by again if I'm in the area and craving a burger, but not sure that I'd go out of my way to go back.The last time I was here for coffee and pie, my boyfriend commented that the coffeemaker must be plugged into Hell, since it was so hot. I think we almost finished our pie before the it cooled to a decent temperature. Really! Cash only, and lots of stalking for seats, recommend 2 people, not good for groups. Parking is lame, as per in this town. The apple pie is fab, all made fresh daily. The banana cream pie is also amazing. i tried the egg salad, nothing to write home about. A novelty, really. Fun every now and again.The burgers (steak or hickory) are very tasty and simple. I love the tillamook cheddar you can add and that everything comes out really fast. Got dirty looks from bruins/staff for sporting USC apparel but, hey, no matter.This isn't as greasy as an innout burger, but it definitely isn't an artisan burger like at o burger or umami. The best way I can think of describing it is like an upgraded burger than what you might have at a bbq.The pecan pie is very small and not very good. Definitely skip that.It's cash only, plenty of parking on the street. I would recommend coming here once just to try it.My GOD...the banana cream pie (when it's available,) at Apple Pan is truly heaven-sent.  Best I've had, EVER.  Chock-full of bananas in each mouth-watering bite, and the filling just melts...and I mean, MELTS in your mouth.  Chills all over.After our most recent visit, I felt the urge to write an updated review, if anything, to give 5 stars for the PIES at Apple Pan.  Apple is a given but even the other offerings we've sampled (pecan pie, coconut cream pie) are STELLAR.  Be sure to ask about the pies for the day, as they have seasonal offerings including strawberry, pumpkin, etc. that change on any given day.Though, on any day that BANANA CREAM is available, there is no decision that needs to be made.This place is pretty cool. The service is great. I mean, my friend had some bbq sauce on her chin or something, and before she could reach for a napkin, there was a napkin being handed to her by the server.. It was crazy! The fries are good, but my burger- I must say that I didn't love it! I might get yelled at, but really.. I didn't love it.. It was good, but I'm glad we didn't have to wait in the long lines that have been reported. I do recommend the place because it was a cool place to be, just a single horseshoe counter.. no booths or tables, it was pretty cool.Overhyped, I think.  Sure, it has a retro atmosphere.  Sure, if you've bee coming here since you were 10 you probably hold it in a special, nostalgic place of your heart and the quality of food will never alter.  Sure, it's a staple in Los Angeles.  But is it actually that good?I've been here a couple times and both times felt the same way.  I do like the old decor and the fact that it's stuck to its roots.  However, after tasting the hickory burger and fries, I just don't see what the big deal is.  People seem to come here to indulge their youth rather than their tastebuds.That's not to say that the burger is inedible.  It's just a regular burger, nothing special to it.  The fries, also, are just regular, although I enjoyed them more than the burger.The service was spotty.  No one really seemed to care about you or your schedule.  The waiters moved at their own pace.  It looks like they've been doing this so long, that you can't blame them.  They get the job done, I just like getting some attention, I guess.So, come here to remember LA as it maybe once was, before I moved here, and before you had to compete against boutique burger restaurants.  It's an institution.Positives: Hickory Burger has to be one of the top 10 burgers in LA.  The meat tastes like it melts in your mouth.  They use a high quality tillamook cheddar cheese that adds a robust flavor and enhances the overall flavor of the burger.  It's definitely in my top 5 favorite burgers; also check out Rider's Club Cafe in San Clemente and Father's Office in LA.Banana Cream Pie is loaded with fresh bananas and a cream that is sweet, but doesn't overpower the banana flavor.  Pretty close to perfect as far as banana cream pies go.  Fries are alright.  I'd recommend getting them well doneAtmosphere - This is both a positive and negative.  I liked the old diner atmosphere.  It's not the most comfortable, but I prefer restaurants that are simple and prioritize food over ambiance.  Also, this is the type of environment that encourages you to talk to strangers and make new friends without the presence of alcohol.  Negatives:Parking situation could be frustrating if you come during rush hourAtmosphere - The dining area is small and a bit cramped.  If you plan to eat inside during the lunch or dinner hours, then expect to wait, especially if you're with a party.Cash onlyService - not exactly with a smile.100% Bas assThis place is great.Like a 1950 burger joint.Could not be more charming.Great fries, pie, milkshakes, and incredible burgers.Hickory burger. Pecan Pie. Dr. Pepper. HEAVEN.This place didn't "WOW" me.  I'll give it 4 stars because it's a mom-and-pop burger joint with a lot of history and I want to support places like that.  Overall I was disappointed with the amount of food which was overpriced.I thought the burger and fries were decent but I wasn't overly impressed. The apple pie was good but also overpriced.I like the small diner feel and it's small and personal.  I would go back but It's not at the top of my list.I was disappointed that they didn't have bacon there - but that's ok. This is just one of those places that does about 5 things, does them well, and you can't get it any other way.I got the hickory burger (really good), the fries (so so...I hate fries that (1) have no salt and (2) aren't greasy enough for the salt I sprinkle on them to stick). The apple pie was good, though I wish it had been hotter. The place also didn't seem the cleanest.But it was good, I'd go back, and when I do, I'll update my review if there are any changes.First of all, I've heard alot of warning about the lines at this place.  Don't let the lines fool you, this place moves faster then you would think possible.  Today was my first trip at the Apple Pan.  It was disorientating.  Which shouldn't happen at a fast food place right?  You walk in and there's a line with no beginning or end.  Seriously, there's no start to the line.  An old-timer at the counter explained to me that its all based on the honor system, so just sit down when you think its your turn.  So we stood around and waited for a spot to open that we thought we deserved and sat down.  The waiter/cook moves fast so don't delay in ordering your food when you sit down.  The burgers a good, they reminded me of Steak and Shake back east, and the pie worth the trip alone.  I had the apple pie, figuring the place is called the apple pan so apple would be the best.  It was quite good, but the keylime seemed to be the favorite while we were there.  Gotta go back and give it a try.The system they have maybe a shock at first, but just look around and you'll notice EVERYONE there knows whats going on, and they don't even have to look at the menu.  Its obvious that once you've been to the Apple Pan you'll be back for more.Despite getting yelled at by a crotchety old man in the seemingly anarchic line for a) "cutting" although my party was there waaay before he was and b) taking two counter seats even though I was alone for about 30 seconds while the BF ran back from the ATM, this place was great!Perfect place to grab a DELICIOUS bite before/after catching a movie at the fabulous Landmark down the street.  Lightning fast service.  The hickory burger & fries were so tasty, & obviously very fresh.  Plus cream soda!!  I can't remember the last time I had that before my trip to the Apple Pan.  I was wayyy too full for pie but one of these days I'll get to it.  Even though the lines (and apparently some of the patrons) are slightly crazy, this place is a must-try.  I'm definitely going to make it a point to drop in whenever I'm on this side of town!Oh, one last thing.  I wouldn't bring more than 2...MAYBE 3...people if you plan on sitting together/being able to hear each other talk.One of the best things about living at LaCienega and Pico is that this treasure was a hop skip and a jump away.  Yes, yelpers, I agree that this is a little pricy, but seriously people, if you're expecting to eat gourmet greasy grub on a dime go to Georgia.  This is freakin' LA, LIFE is expensive (which is why I eat in a lot...).  Anyway, back to making myself hungry again...The burger is BOMB people, BOMB.  And, I love feeling like I'm in a time capsule.  Bottled rootbeer that gets served in a paper cup with fries that come FIRST and hella fresh, and then a burger that is so divine you'll never want to go to the franchise that ripped them off, Johnny Rocket's, EVER EVER again.  Their Banana Cream Pie, I agree, is absolutely hands-down simply exquisite and I do appreciate that they mention Tillamook Cheddar on the menu as there's nothing worse than ruining a cheeseburger with cheap (as my mom called it) "polaroid cheese".I know that I didn't add anything new to the reviews already written but  I really adore this place and wanted to just reiterate the kind words that have already been established.  Viva la Apple Pan.All the craze for apple pan.. I thought I would give it a try.For two people, we had to wait about 20 minutes.  Although the seating arrangement is slightly odd, I understand its a old school diner.  The seats are bar stools all around the counter to the kitchen where you can watch them make your burger.  The only problem with this layout is that, you have people hovering over you waiting for you to finish so they can sit down.  I also feel like it's unfair because people took our seats when we got there before them.  But thats really out of apple pans hands.On to the burger...the burger was good.  Don't expect anything gourmet, but it was an overall nice affordable diner burger.  I also really like the sauce.  The sauce was a littly bit tangy, so you can alsoask for sauce on the side if you don't want it slobbered all over your burger.  I loved the milk shake too...I love that they give it to you in the silver milk shake cups.  yay!So stop by apple plan...you'll be sure to be hungry after the lines! :)Everyone talks about the "quality" of food here, but I'm not really sure what they mean.  We timed out visit so that there was no wait, and that was fine but do you mean quality as in the mediocre fries were taken out of the bag frozen rather than be forced to come from a fresh potato?  I've had many nice burgers in my lifetime (my favorite was the kimchi-foie gras burger at the now defunct Coupage in Seattle) but this was just a fast food burger.  Such a burger has its place, but not as a 4+ star rating on Yelp.That said, there's a place in Seattle that generates similar culinary responses from me:yelp.com/biz/dicks-drive… - Local icon - So-so fast food burger - OverhypedPlease. Overrated. Having been born and raised in LA, it's a wonder I've never made it in here until recently. I've always heard rumors and legends of how great this place is, how "Famous" it is, so when I just happened to be waiting for a movie to start across the street, I had the opportunity to step in and see what all the hype was about. First of all, due to the size of the room, I can see how it could get extremely crowded extremely quickly. We were able to sit immediately, (it's all in the timing), but after we were seated, you turn around and all the sudden there's like a hundred people waiting at the door.The menu is ultra basic. Burger, fries and a coke. Burger is tiny. It receives considerable girth due to the unusually giant chunk of iceberg lettuce under the bun. There's relish.Some people may complain about the enormous chunk of lettuce, but it doesn't bother me. The patty tastes okay, but it's small. $6.50 for this burger? Are you joshing me? Where's the beef?Soda comes in a can, so you're limited to what you can pour into your cute little paper cone cup.Really, now L.A. Is this all there is? Then let's keep dancing. Dance on down to the Original Tommy's burger on Beverly, or even The Last Great Burger Stand, Fatburger.  Apple Pan in West LA, bourgeois. For those who wanna be their Melrose Place and their Friends. I like the character behind the counter who looks like he's been there since the place opened. He reminds me of the german sous chef from Ratatouille.I cannot believe it has taken me this long to write a review for this wonderful place. In case you are new to LA or have been living under a rock Apple Pan has been around for decades. One of the guys has been taking orders and serving burgers for over 30 years. I refer to this place as a little piece of heaven. :)The hickory burger is really the only way to go. The fries are awesome as well. I have never had the pie, but I hear it good. I love the little paper cups that the drinks are served in. I also love that the food comes out super fast. This is a cash only place, so come prepared. But they are open until 1:00 am on Friday and Saturday nights. The only down side to this joint is its size. The small size does play to its homey feel but it does get busy really quick.Finally had the chance to check out Apple Pan after hearing everybody talk so much about it. Maybe it was all the hype, but I thought it was just decent. The burger wasn't terrible at all, but perhaps I've just been spoiled by The Habit in Santa Barbara (now that's a tasty burger). When I arrived around 9pm on a weekday, the place wasn't extremely full so I was able to find a spot immediately. Debating between a Steakburger and a Hickory, I finally decided on the Hickory with a side of fries. Everything came out quickly and within 5 minutes I was done eating. I feel the BBQ sauce on the hickory masked everything and that's all I could taste. The patty was a bit too thin for my liking but at least the fries were nice and crunchy. Maybe if I had a slice of their pie my experience would have been more complete. I guess there's always next timeTheir burger makes you wonder what came first? In n out or Apple panThe burger is basically an in-n-out clone down to the size of the patty, type of bread, and meat to lettuce ratio. If a single burger at In-n-out does not fill you up, there is no way Applepan will fill you up. If you have thoughts of asking them to double the meat, resist cause they charge you twice the price. That makes it a $13 burger that is basically the same size of a double double.I'm not going to bother comparing this place with Father's Office or other gourmet burger joints cause this is a different type of burger - its just a simple old fashioned burger with no bells and whistles. I'd say its the best $6 burger in west La, but where else in LA can you find a good middle high end burger when you want an upgrade from McD's but do not want to splurge on a 25 degrees or FO burger. Their fries are just average and they tend to overcook them.If you are craving dessert which you will since their burgers will not fill, get a pie. Its a little pricy at $5 a slice, but if you have more than 3 people order a full pie for $18.50. The only problem is that their pies are baked fresh each day so they tend to run out by 6.Hickory Burger with cheese- 4 stars  Fries - 3 Stars always borderline burntPecan pie - 4 Stars - its not annoyingly sweet like many placesBanana Cream Pie - 5 STARS - this pie will change your life with a full banana in each sliceStrawberry pie - 3 stars - Definitely not worth $5 since it basically just tasted like canned strawberry filling (though the strawberries were enormous) topped with whip creamTIP: I cannot stress enough how good their banana cream pie. It is so good you will inhale it. CASH ONLY: I know its annoying that this place is cash only. But, this place probably does this cause its surrounded by the 3 biggest chain banks (BOA, Chase, Wells). And be prepared to wait cause this place is tiny.I love the character of this place. I feel like it's something you can always count on. The burgers were very tasty - a little pricey for the size. The atmosphere was great.    I plan to go back and try the pies some time. I'll let you know, Yelp.Food is good. If you like it being thrown at you with no service at all. Also you have to fight people to get a seat. What's wrong with a simple sign in sheet? It's too stressful otherwise. The apple pie is TERRIBLE. Tasteless bland and just no good. Hit up Marie Callendars down the street. Food: BService: CPie: DAfter driving golf balls from  the near by Rancho Golf Course  my pal and I were off to find something satisfying for dinner. We see the Apple pan and seeing how packed it was we felt that this place was one of those "old school hole in the wall cool hip joint" to hit up. We had their main "steak burger" and while it was good....i felt like it was just a bigger in-and-out burger. Fries were just your typical greesy fries- I'd pass. Now onto the main disappointment- the apple pie with ice cream. For the price of 5 bucks for a slice + 2 bucks for a scoop of ice cream. I was ready to be blown away. the crust tasted like nothing. the apple tasted dead (not fresh). The ice cream wasn't even that flavorful. Maybe I had a bad piece of their pie but it did not taste like a fresh homemade apple pie.  It tasted more of an apple pie that Id make- terrible. I dont know whats the hype with this place but Id seriously pass....not worth the price.OVERRATED hands down.I have never seen anyone work as hard as the employees do here.  They're constantly running around their cramped L-shaped confines taking orders, serving, performing cashier duties, cleaning up, etc., and doing it all with friendly service to boot.  For all you people whining how Apple Pan's food is over-priced, think about the snooty, impersonal douche-baggy service you get for twice the price.  That being said, Apple Pan is an LA-institution that deserves all the good word of mouth.  The ingredients are super simple yet super fresh and good quality.  Hollaaaa, Tillamook cheddar!  Have you tried buying a block at the grocery store?  That stuff is like $8 son, so the $0.50 they charge is well worth it.  And the banana cream pie? Had it for the first time last night and let me tell you, it was AMAZING.  Super fresh.  And our cool server dude split our slice in half without even my asking (perfect as  I was just getting over a cold).  And I love how you can sit at the counter and essentially watch everyone else enjoying their food, especially little old grandmas and grandpas that have been coming here for years.  One day that will totally be me. Never change, Apple Pan!Whoever thinks this place is not worth the trip doesn't know what a good burger is.  Get the Hickory burger with cheese (tillamook cheddar) and get a side of hickory sauce for your fries.  Then top it off with a pie a la mode and a coffee.  Best comfort food in sweats and a t-shirt, or a formal gown. (great late night grub)Always packed, so feel lucky if you get to sit down right away.  Remember your manners and wait your turn.  Kids okay if you don't have a large group-will have to wait longer to sit together.  No happy meal toys or crayons here so don't ask.Eh I've been there several times now, just took a co worker there cus he has never been.  It's the same every time.  Really mediocre food (except for the pies which are really good) for far to much money.  The service and sometimes questionable cleanliness of the place I can live with. It's the meh quality of their mainstay burgers and fries that kills it for me.If someone wants to go and hasn't been I'm willing to take 'em .  If not there are far better greasy spoons I'd rather go to.After living in west LA for 16 years, you'd think I would have been to Apple Pan at least once. But I've actually never been until last night.We parked on the side of the street outside of the restaurant and as I walked in I immediately noticed the "B" rating sign hung on the window.When we got inside the first thing that jumped out at me was either the huge grill in the middle of the room, surrounded by a U-shaped counter, making seating quite limited. I'm guessing that at the most, Apple Pan can seat 25 at a time...at most. After grabbing a seat and then making a trip to the bathroom, I quickly understood why the place received a "B"It was late and I was fine with something simple, so I ordered a hickory burger with fries and a water. The fries came out about a minute after I ordered them and not long after, the burger was served. Honestly, I was a little disappointed by the size of the meat patty...or maybe it was that my burger was half lettuce.The service is fast but not necessarily attentive. The fries were good, though. Crispy and potatoey...and yet not too potatoey at the same time.Conclusion: It's not the cleanest place, the food wasn't anything to rave about and I've had better service...but its simple, fairly fast and won't leave your wallet hurting...So I found this place via a GQ article written by a hamburger connoisseur named George Motz whom is the author of Hamburger America.  C'mon..a hamburger connoisseur gave the two thumbs up.  This guy has been 'researching' hamburgers for almost 20 years!!!  I can't lose I though to myself.Well, had the hickory burger with fries, ice tea and topped it off with the homemade apple pie.  Well, I wouldn't say it's the best 'fastfood/traditional' burger in my life (I'd like to differentiate traditional vs gourmet burger).  It's likely in the top 5.  The lettuce and tomatoes were very fresh and crunchy and the hickory special sauce is da bomb.  But...I'm not too sure if they made their patties from scratch because they were all coming off of those white sheets to separate patties.  Sort of a let down..I find making the meat from scratch a lot better.The apple pie was a let down too.  I found it a bit lukewarm and the outside crust was too soft for my taste.I really liked the environment.  The line wasn't terribly long but it was super loud with the hustle of bustle of eating within 5 feet of the open kitchen (people literally eat around the kitchen).  To line-up it's a bit of organized chaos.  I was actually impressed with my server.  He was super fast and super nice to everyone!Would I go back?  Likely not.  But if I had friends in town I'd certainly take them to enjoy a classic hamburger joint with some history.The Apple Pan does many things well, probably why it's been around for so long. I went here this evening with 2 friends for a late night dinner. I found some street parking off to the side although I would imagine at more usual times this wouldn't be possible. We got lucky and only had to wait a few minutes for some seats to open up.The menu is simple as is the restaurant set up. One big U-shaped counter with old style cash registers at the corners and then a large brick encased cooking area in the middle. I got a hickory burger and my two friends each got the steak burger. Then we split 2 orders of fries. The burgers are simple and very flavorful. I'm a big fan of straight forward food done really well. The fries were really good as well, there were no soggy ones or overly crispy ones, everything was spot on. Since I'm going away for a while I figured I would try out the pie, so I got a slice of pecan with ice cream. This was probably the best pecan pie I've ever had, the flavors were so well balanced and the texture was great. This ice cream was also rich and flavorful, total win.The service was also rock solid. Our server was quick, attentive and very willing to engage us if we asked him questions or advice about the products. Final thoughts: So I was torn on if I should give this place 5 stars or not because I was a little disappointed with the price tag at the end of the meal. But then I got to thinking if you compare this place to other restaurants (especially chain style like Ruby's or Islands) your gonna end up paying the same if not more and not enjoying it nearly as much as this place. My experience was too enjoyable not to rank it 5 stars. As far as burgers go I think Hole in the Wall wins but The Apple Pan has its own unique style and some amazing pie. Definitely check this place out.The perfect old-school burger joint. This is what hamburger places were like in the 40s and 50s. The Apple Pan is efficient without compromising service. The fellow at the counter, who looks like the diner-serving men of my childhood, guys with the 1950s look (and how is it possible here, where my server had to be a young child in the 50s?), seemed to read my mind on refills while simultaneously doing so for ever every other of the 20+ patrons. No chatty how are you, just present and efficient and always ready to get you the bill or the menu because you know you want pie (apple, a la mode).I love to watch the chefs do their thing. Three guys in the perfectly arranged cooking area, never in each other's way, all doing their part. There's the lettuce leader, prepping a 4 x 4 matrix of assembled lettuce stacks for the evening rush, the grill master, and the fry guy.Oh, and when I ordered my burger medium rare, it came out perfect.And the apple pie a la mode was a good ending of the meal. A fine pie crust too.Delicious.I feel like they deserve a 5 star rating just for their banana cream pie!I've been here enough times to safely say that their hickory burger is my favorite.  The service is great, and it has a real hometown feel.  There are no tables, just a counter seating.  The bad thing is, you may have to wait a long time to get a seat on that counter.  My suggestion would be not to come in a large group... unless it's pretty late at night.I haven't tried any other dessert on their menu because the banana cream pie is actually what I go there for.Just be aware that their menu is very limited, so if you're not a burger lover, I wouldn't recommend this place.The worst fries I've ever had...seriously, who serves moldy stale tasting french fries? How is McDonalds better than an acclaimed restaurant?And their ice cream "scoops" are half what any other ice cream parlor would serve, but they sure as hell won't charge half price.How do they stay in business?There are a lot of great burgers in Los Angeles, and Apple Pan is one of the best.  I actually don't eat the burger, here, because even better than their burgers is their ham sandwich, the Combination.  I just  can't get enough of it.  Apple Pan also has some of the best sweet pickles anywhere.  I've been eating at Apple Pan long enough that they start putting together little plate of extra pickles and olives when they see me sit down.The cream pies here, especially the chocolate cream pie, are truly works of art.  The crust is so thin and flaky.It can be hard to get a seat, or more than one seat here at peak hours, but I walk in all the time for lunch and find plenty of seating.  The people watching here is unbeatable.Best quick-serve burger and fry joint in the city.  Sure, it's pricey ($30 for 2 burgers w/ cheese, 2 fries, 2 drinks, and a slice of pie w/ ice cream) but its pretty well worth it.Had the banana pie for the first time last night -- it was heaven on a plate.  Loved it.I used to eat at the apple pan at least 3 days a week. the fellas were always so great to me and I always had amazing service.This place hands down has my favorite hamburger in the world. That says alot.thank you for always making such a beautiful burger.My favorite line when I left is see you tomorrow. If you say that when you go in next time it will remind them of ME because I would say that anytime I left. LOLMy friend has been hyping this place up for a minute.  He kept telling me of hickory burgers and banana cream pies and apple pie slices of heaven.  On the day that I finally went there, I was a bit unnerved.  Although the burger was amazing, for the price it was on the small side and I thought that was a bit unfair.  The apple pie's crust was very thin and slightly bland, a classical recipe.  The fries were nothing special but they were cooked well.  Overall for what you get and what you pay, the bill doesn't add up.  Now, if they made their patty a bit bigger I'd be satisfied with the price.  Also, I their pie supply is finite and I wasn't able to try the banana cream pie.  Oh well, maybe next time.The best place to have a slice of pie is Apple Pan, off Pico Blvd. in Culver City! I have gone there and had almost everything on the menu! The feel of Apple Pan is almost like a Johnny Rockets, but they have pie instead of milkshakes. The menu has not changed since 1947, although the pies available change daily.When you walk in, you notice a counter and a line forming against the wall. Los Angelino's hardly wait for anything - but they do wait for great food from the Apple Pan!The best eats? Well, the Hickoryburger is my favorite, with a IBC root beer, fries, and a slice of their pie. I've only tried the Apple Pie, Blackberry Cream, Banana Cream, Pecan Pie, Chocolate Cream, and Strawberry Cream Pie. I just adore this wonderful, old school original.Located right across from the Westside Pavilion, The Apple Pan is a great place for a good ol' fashioned burger on the Westside. It's counter seating only and old time vibe make it a nice place to stop for a quick bite after shopping, catching a movie at the landmark, or just passing by on Pico Bv.The menu is pretty small and straight forward consisting of, a steak and a hickory burger, a ham, tuna, egg, or grilled cheese sandwich, French fries, and around 3 different pies which include as you might have guessed it... a delicious Apple pie!I can't speak for their sandwiches, but their burgers are where it's at. You have the option of a steak or a hickory burger with what are pretty basic toppings of relish, ketchup, mayo, mustard, pickles, lettuce, and cheese if you would like it. I personally prefer the steak burger, and despite it being somewhat basic, the meat is grilled as you order and the burger is overall fresh and juicy. I will say though that while I am personally a big fan of sauces in my burgers, you might want to ask for less if you're not because it comes with quite a bit that might be a turn off for some.It's pretty affordable, especially for people like me who want a good meal but can't afford a night at the landmark and dinner at The Westside Tavern afterwards. Apple Pan doesn't have combo meals which is kind of a bummer, but the most expensive item is $5.75 (burger with double cheese added).You can usually find street parking within walking distance and the service is mostly good, but some of them can act weird or snobby. Let's just say this isn't a place to change your order a few seconds after it's been placed!Pros:* Quick serving time.* Affordable.* Open late.Cons:* Only takes cash.* Sometimes too crowded on weekend nights.* Don't forget it's cash only.Overall:* Service (3.5/5)* Price (4/5)* Quality (4/5)The burger is really nothing special, and overpriced for what it is. It's a thin patty with half a head of iceberg lettuce. But whatever. The one-star is really for the rude waiter who threw utensils at me. He kept leaving before I was done ordering, so I had to ask for something else 3 different times, and for some reason that pissed him off. At least I think that's what it is. I'm still resentful towards my experience and I will never come back. I will also discourage people from visiting as well.Let's not hype this place up just because they sell burgers out of an old house, there is nothing historic about it. This place doesnt deserve a good rating. Everything is mediocre in this place. Fries are bought frozen and fried, not freshly cut, burgers are rather small and pricy. $7 for a burger and $2.50 for a burrito truck grade fries and $1.75 for a can soda? Are you kidding me? I was wildly disappointed and probably never going back. Do not waste your money people!Fast (and I mean fast) servers and great burgers!I love the burgers and the well done fries, but  the most fun is watching the servers do their job at lightening speed.  The same servers that have been there since I first went about 7 years ago.  If you even 'think' that you might need a napkin, they are right there handing it to you.  Actually, the tuna sandwiches are really good as well.Of course you can't leave without a piece of their delicious pie.  I like the apple that comes with warm cinnamon sauce, but the cream pies always win out.The only drawback is waiting for a seat at the counter (it's only counter)  You just have to hope everyone will go in turn.Still...definately worth the counter and parking hasstle.The only reason I would give this place less than 5 stars is because I eat too much ever time I go.  I usually get: -Hickory Burger w/ Cheese  AND an Egg Salad Sandwich (both are superb, and I can never decide which to get, so I get both)-Side of Fries (Extra crispy)-Piece of Pie (either the banana cream or the apple, both are delicious)-Cream SodaThe servers are awesome, (and seemingly have worked there forever), and it looks as though not a thing has change since they opened up shop in the mid 1940's.great eatsOne hickory burger please, and hold that vile substance you humans call relish.One order of fries, well-done.Satisfaction forthcoming.Beware the grumpy tall fellow, but catch him on a good day, and he's golden.I once saw Thurston and Kim from Sonic Youth eating here with their kid.  True story.  Some of my favorite food and favorite music decided to converge on me on that glorious day.Finally tried Apple pan this weekend.  The burger were good but not GREAT!  Cool ambient and definitely a place to try.  The apple pie was decent.  I'll probably go back to order other pies to go!  If you're on a budget this place is not going to suite you.  Lunch for two came out to $30.what to get:HIckory Burger. My favorite burger in LA.Fries, well done.Coke in a paper cone. Awesome.Apple pie with a slice of Tillamook cheddar. so old-timey! orBanana cream pie- hubby's fave.I love The Apple Pan. Westside lore is that they hire ex cons as some rehabilitation program so that might explain the grumpiness of the staff... but I don't believe that. The guy who takes your order is a complete gentleman if you know what you want and don't take up all his time asking dumb questions. They want you to order everything at once (trust me, you will earn their respect if you rattle off the above menu as soon as he leans over to you- it's like a secret handshake. Don't pause, don't order pie after you already finished your burger, that'll just quietly piss him off. Order everything you want straight away- that is the trick to this place) It is definitely NOT the kind of place you just stumble upon willy nilly... to enjoy the experience you must be led there by someone "in the know", someone who can order for you the first time, or if not then just take my advice. Enjoy!!!I think the hype of being one of the best burger joints in LA kind of ruined it for me because then I was disappointed when it just wasn't that for me.But the hickory burger was still fantastic and the sauce that they used was amazing. I enjoyed how fresh the fries were and how everything is done right there in front of you. And the fact that my iced coffee was always full. The BEST part though was the banana cream pie. That was definitely to die for.The lack of counter space was the major negative. We walked in and it was pretty full, but the worst part was that every party had a chair separating them from the next. It's always awkward to ask someone to scoot down a seat when they're eating.My mouth is literally watering thinking about a bite of a cheesy hickory burger.  I love this place.This place is goooood!!First off, I'd like to say the parking for  this place sucks balls. The service sucks balls also. Some old grumpy man served us, I don't know maybe he was just in a bad mood today... he probably ran out of Viagra last night or something.Today was my first time here and i didn't know what to expect. Upon entering you walk into a room with a bar wrapped around it. This place has a cool 50's look and feel to it, from the cash register to the cups they serve you your soda in.I order the steakburger, which was pretty darn good. It's about the same size as a double double from in n out. The french fries on the other hand....mmehhh i could do without next time. pretty crappy to meFresh Apple Pie with 2 scoops of ice cream.What can i say? It's like an orgasm in your mouth...-no homo. Umm umm umm it's sooo darn goodWords can't describe how good it is, try it for yourself.Bleh! Gross!! Easily one of the worst burgers I have ever had. The meat was awful - a very strange texture and totally flavorless. Quite honestly, I prefer In N Out.I am giving 2 stars instead of only 1 b/c I remember it being better when I went about 6-7 years ago, and b/c I didn't try the pie or anything else.Decided to check this place out because of the high reviews it got through trusty good ol' YELP while on vacation with my GF in LA since we were staying at a hotel on Avenue of the Stars.The nostolgia of this place is unreal, you could tell this place was built way before all the highrises and the business buildings came to town.  After walking into the place I noticed how it was set up with no tables, strictly counter style service.  The servers looked like they literally came outta the 1960's with their old school get up, the same goes with their cash register that looks like it was older than our grandpa looking service (cool guy, really really friendly and had such a character to em).The burgers were all grilled and made IN FRONT OF YOU, after taking your order their whole staff go straight to work grilling and assembling those oh so yummy burgers in front of you.  The burgers were really fresh meat wise, they were seasoned perfectly, so well that a ketchup fiend like me who puts ketchup on everything found no use for it.After induldging in those burgers we decided that obviously this place wasn't named the APPLE PAN because of their burgers so we had to get a slice of their house speciality, their FRESH APPLE PIE.  The apple pie itself came with a scoop of really cream fresh vanilla ice cream too.  After tasting their apple pie, I've come to realize why they named their diner after a pie...it was just that good.  The pie was very rich in a good way (yes rich food can be food...for the soul that is), the crust was firm yet flaky and the apples were very fresh and sweet to perfection minus over tarting like most apple pies tend to do.APPLE PAN seriously lived up to the hype, their menu is SIMPLE with strictly BURGERS (I believe they only had 4 versions of their burgers too), FRIES, PIES, ICE CREAM.  The APPLE PAN is a perfect example that you dont need a gianormous menu when your basics are done RIGHT.ps.the drinks they serve you come in poured into literally a PAPER CONE, with most fast food places serving you GALLON SIZE CUP drinks nowadays that made it even more fun to drink, LOL.The greatest All-American Burger in Los Angeles and probably anywhere I have been for that matter. Been here at least 100 times and hope to go another 1000 times in my life. It's not the healthiest meal, but when you want a great burger and fries, this is your place. The apple pie ala mode and the banana cream pies are excellent too.Also, try the tuna melt, it's not on the menu, but wow it's great.The steak burger was pretty good. Never got the chance to eat here because it's always packed so I always take my order for to go which they make really fast. They're burgers are really good but not the best for me.I love Apple Pan! The banana cream pie is SO good. I've had bites of my friend's pies as well-- and I'm not sure that a less than amazing pie exists at Apple Pan. Just know that sometimes pies run out, especially the more well known ones like banana cream or apple. You should ask them to set aside a piece for you when you get there, or it might be gone when you finish your meal!I love the ambiance in there too-- I've only been a few times but you can tell that it's a place that's well loved and full of regulars. For me, trying to find seats is kind of fun, but I could see how that would be annoying. Just know that if you come in a big group, you're going to need to wait a while and probably sit apart from one another. You need cash, but that's no big deal. It is closed on Mondays (and holidays, like Easter).I'm a vegetarian so I haven't had the burgers, but they look pretty good too. More like a homestyle burger than In-N-Out. Anyways, it's a cool place to check out! If you're in West LA, I'd say Apple Pan is a must.Driving by this place for the last 30 years I finally decided to try it.  Overpriced, crusty burger that was way overcooked slathered with homemade special sauce, whivj is basically ketchup with relish  The counter guy was a rude old asshole, the pecan pie was bland but fresh and $8.  Total meal cost me $20 for a tiny burger that probably cost them 75 cents to make, a dr pepper and a slice of pie. The place was  Full of what I call resident tourists.  no real Angelenos here.I was first introduced to this place in the summer of 2002, when i still lived in San Francisco and was visiting for a weekend - the economy was still reeling from the effects of the dot-com bubble burst of 2000 and the nation's collective psyche was of course still shattered after 9/11.Insert the Applepan with its all-american countertop, succulent hickory burgers (i recommend doubling up on the tillamook and asking for half-lettuce), counter attendants who have been working there since the Nixon impeachment, and seriously folks, some of the best pies on the face of the planet.  I know what you are thinking - "Pies, Harold?  Really?  I mean, i don't dislike pies, but i don't exactly wake up every morning and crave a pie".   Trust me, kind reader, have a taste of the banana creme pie (served on wednesdays and fridays) and then try to convince me that its not something absolutely precious.In short, I sat there that one lazy summer afternoon in 2002, ate my burger, ate my pie, and finished with a cup of coffee topped off with thick, authentic diary cream and came to the realization that as members of this great melting pot we call the U.S. of A, "we were gonna be alright."  and we were.  Thank you, Applepan, for reinforcing belief in my country.Eh.Those were my sentiments after trying the Apple Pan.  Yes, it's cool to dine at such a "landmark," but that's about it.  The waiters are bitter.  The fries were average (even after covering them with black pepper and mustard).  The burger is just o-kay.Some tips:- If you're a ketchup hater like me, you should probably put that preference aside if you're going to try this burger (you'll likely prefer the Hickory to the Steak because of the smoky flavor, less ketchupy flavor).- If you're a relish hater, this probably isn't the place for you.  I actually like relish, but still felt like the vinegar drenched pickles were a bit much in my burger.Good banana pudding, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.Oh well - at least now when people ask, "Have you been to Apple Pan?" I can say, "Yes, I have."Seriously like eating in a time-warp.  This place hasn't changed since it opened in the 1940s.  The counter dudes wear little paper hats.  The cheese sandwich is just that- cheese on bread.  Everything comes on pulp-cardboard plates.When you're done, they ask you- you want the pie?Sure... you think.  What the hell.  One slice of pie.Ah, they say- you want ice cream?Ice cream may be a bit much.  Ehhhhh....You want ice cream with the pie, they assert.  There's a little bit of fire in their eyes.  It's more a statement than a question.Yeah, whatever, you say.  Sure.  Ice cream on the pie.When the ice cream and pie comes, you may notice- it's the only food item that comes on a proper plate.  They bring it out with a bit of reverence.  It's an apple pie with ice cream!  Am I taking crazy pills?!Anyway, an interesting place to get food late at night.Every single time I'm back in LA, without fail, my first stop is the Apple Pan. Mind you, this is even before going home to see my family! I love it, I don't even need to tell my brother anymore, first stop from the airport, he knows it's the pan!!!nuff said!!!! snobs/foodies can argue over this place day in and day out, but this place hasn't changed in 60+ years, they must be doing something right......This place is awesome.They make some delicious classic burgers with a twist. It's simple old-fashioned goodness. I believe the place is cash only, and they have some antique registers.. in fact, most of this place looks like an aniques store.. it's awesome. I just loved how they've preserved the original look.The two stars is combination of my opinion and the BF's.Came in just before Noon on a Thursday. BF wanted to go to In n Out, but since it's on the opposite direction of where we were going, we somehow picked The Apple Pan.  Whenever we passed by, there were always tons and tons of people at this place.It was not too crowded on this day.  We sat down at the two seats right at the door. The older gentleman was our waiter and he's alittle impatient. It was our first time, please give us couple minutes to look thru your small menu.We both had the Hickory Burger, an order of Fries. My coffee came in a cute little cup and BF's Orange soda came with a cone full of Ice.  Interesting.  We did not try any pie.  And from the size of other people's order, it's pretty small for a $5.50. I think the burger was okay but with waaaaaaaaaay too much Ketchup on it.  I could barely taste anything else.  Should've gone to In n Out instead for sure.BF said: It's the Worst Burger I ever had! And it's too expensive for what it was!The waiter was attentive but intrusive.It is bad if the best part of the meal was the Fries!I am not coming back here.Tho it is a nice touch of the waiter offer you a cup of coffee to go at the end.I personally like to come here for the pie, specifically the banana cream pies (not that the others are bad, they just aren't as good, which also seems to be the popular opinion), but often they are out of the banana cream pie. So then I settle for getting a hamburger, which to be honest is good but I'd rather  go other places if i want a burger.The guys working there are jerks, too, except for one guy but he isn't especially nice either.The fries raised this review from two to three stars.I went because Jonathan Gold put it on his 99 things to eat in LA before you die list.It is good if you are dining by yourself, since you can just grab a seat really quickly and not have to worry about a row of seats becoming available. I went on a Friday night at 6:30 PM and snagged a solo seat no problem.I ordered the Hickory burger and fries. Fries were top-notch, with all the crispness on the outside and yummy potato on the inside. I enthusiastically ate them all.Not so much with that famed Hickory burger. There is way too much sauce on the Hickory burger. Like I think the sauce may have weighed more than the actual burger patty. Maybe I am too new school. Maybe I belong at 8 oz. burger bar instead and I want BEEF, but I can't get over the lack of meat and overabundance of iceberg (!!!!) lettuce and sauce.Ambience was cool. Loved that it was old-school. Service was fine. Glad to see some of the guys working the counter who seem to have been there for ages. Also really cool to see the regulars interacting with the guys at the counter. I just can't get over the lack of beef. Or the fact that I forked over more than 10 bucks for the meal.Don't mind waiting 15 minutes in a simple trip down memory lane?Don't need a 51" plasma on every wall?Don't mind sitting at a counter next to -gasp- a stranger?Don't mind ordering from a simple menu of nothing but deliciousness?Have a hickory cheeseburger with fries and a Coke (or Diet). Soda comes in an old-school paper cone in a little tin holder. Banana cream pie? Heaven.If you don't mind these things--or God forbid, you're charmed by them--dig in. Otherwise, you're SOL. Enjoy your less-than-best burger in L.A.Know this now: there is no fascade at the Apple Pan.Everything is just about as straight forward as you can get, from the brevity of the menu, to cooking of your burger right in front of you.First, the burger. This burger is good. I liked it. I'll have another. But in a world of over flavored, oever done, over the top burger choices, Apple Pan keeps it simple. You will taste beef, bun, sauce, and cheese. If you don't like the simplicity of a simple burger, you won't appreciate this place, so move along.Fried were good. More potato that crispy layer, which I like. Dipped in catsup, they are a good choice.But the star? Why, that would be the banana cream pie. You simply can not go wrong indulging in this little slice of heaven here. I'd gladly wait 20 mins just to grab a couple of feet of counterspace for a slice of this pie.It's a fun place eat. I recommend it.I loved how old school this place felt. Crazy fast service once you're seated. Smallish portions for the price, but worth checking out because it is really unique and these guys know what they're doing.Burgers, fries, apple pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I wasn't blown-away by the food, but part of the enthusiasm comes from the charm of eating there.Dear Apple Pan,I've heard alot about you and I'm not gonna lie, I was impressed. Your fries, have this texture that just tastes more real than others. there is a certain graininess to their centers that elevate you to a whole new level. Your steakburger, quite good, though you might have given mean damn near a whole head of iceberg lettuce. I have also seen through your secret, your special sauce is just ketchup and relish. But it's ok, I'm cool with that, it was still delicious.But what earned you your 5th star, what has put you in the rotation, was your banana cream pie. The flakey buttery crust, slices of bananas, and cream are simply perfect.in other more intersting news our waiter was insane, swear, this guy was like robocop. like you would ask him for stuff and he wouldn't say yes or anything he would just walk away and come back with it. He did everything with such startling machine like efficiency that i was almost scared of him. LIke hw would just stuff the food into your bag with the same power that one would use to drive a railroad spike in the ground. The man was a machine. He was ROBOWAITER.What can I say about the Apple Pan that has not already been written?  Probably not much.  I have been going to the Apple pan for 23 years, and each time I visit it is like the movie ground hogs day.  I wait patiently for about ten minutes for a seat to open up at the counter.  I sit down and one of the waiters who has been there as long as I have been dining there serves me a root beer, fries and a Hickory Burger with cheese without even asking.  Same thing every time...oh, I have had other things and I will warn them when I am craving a tuna sandwich.  It is just to hard to pass up Los Angeles' best burger.The Apple Pan is a little slice of yesterday where the food is fresh and delicious and the service is fast and friendly.  It has been that way since they opened in the late forties and it has never changed...quality forever...the sign even says it!The reason why this place gets five stars is how they treated my Grandfather. I took him here for an early dinner and we were promptly served and treated wonderfully by the staff (with our server going out of his way to make sure that my Grandpa was happy with his food). My Grandfather looked genuinely happy during and after the meal, which is something I haven't seen from him in a long time.As for the food, 3.5 stars. The "Hickory Burger" was unique, with the sauce complimenting the cheddar wonderfully. I was very impressed also by the quality and spice of the meat, which aside from being cooked to to order had an unexpected sweetness which added a dimension to the burger that I wasn't expecting. The Apple Pie was only fair and seemed like it may have been sitting out. The fries were nothing to write home about (standard hamburger stand fries). The next time I stop in, I'll just go with the burger (maybe two of them).Despite the letdown the pie and fries gave me, to see my grandfather smile made it the best meal I had eaten in weeks.For a place called the "Apple Pan", the apple pie better knock me off my ass! Sadly, I was still seated comfortably after my meal.The best thing about this place was the fries. They were delicious, just the right amount of crispy, and went super well with the burger. Your burger was pretty standard fare, juicy and flavorful. But onto the main course, by which I mean dessert. The apple pie was good... not too sweet, and a pretty big slice. But it wasn't amazing, and it wasn't even warm when they served it to me! Apple pie a la mode, and you're gonna give me cold pie? Cmon bro...We came on a Saturday afternoon, around 11:30. 3 of us waited about 15 minutes for a seat, which wasn't too bad. You just have to stake one out and wait, since it doesn't seem to be first come first serve; whoever has an empty chair in front of them gets to sit.In summary, this place has good fries, average burgers, and a pretty long wait. And the apple pie, while good, wasn't really worth the hype! So if you're gonna visit, hit it up on the off hours, or early for lunch.It's been 2 days and I'm still not sure why I paid $6 for 2 pieces of bread and a few pieces of cheese.I ordered the only vegetarian thing on the menu and I foolishly assumed that by 'swiss & rye' they meant swiss, rye, a few other ingredients and maybe grill it a little bit? Nope. 3 stars because my boyfriend seemed to enjoy his burger, though I think he increased his chances of having a heart attack by 95% after eating it.It's almost midnight.  I'm craving a burger and dessert, Banana Creme Pie specifically, so naturally I end up here at Apple Pan.  What a good idea that was.I'll give this place 5 stars alone for the Banana Creme Pie.  I seriously haven't had better tasting pie elsewhere.  Have yet to try their Apple Pie since I'm not content with the idea of NOT getting Banana Creme Pie, but last time I came, they were out of Banana Creme Pie and I tried their Pumpkin Pie--good stuff, but nothing extraordinary.  But seriously, cannot say enough how much I love the Banana Creme Pie here!  Just amazing.Had a Hickoryburger to go and I can see why everybody talks about how great the burger is.  They pack on a lot of lettuce and the hickory bbq sauce compliments the burger patty so well.  Elisa C. and I literally did not talk to each other for a good ten minutes because we were too in tuned with devouring our burgers.  Wouldn't say it was the best burger I ever ate, but for less than $7, not a bad price for an above average burger.  Note that there's an additional charge to add cheese to your burger.  Fries are crisp and still soft in the middle, regular fries, but still good.The old man behind the counter is a sweetheart!  And I still love the old-fashioned register.  Can get crowded, it was never empty when I came here.  Cash only.  Parking's not hard to find on Westwood Blvd, the parking lot is always full.Definitely on my list of places to frequent.Been going to the apple pan for about 13 years now, and the burgers are great, but with the line and the prices I find myself going to either father's office, or fatburger instead when I'm craving a burger.  You gotta go with the hickory burger, and it is great, but with the lines this place just doesn't get the 4th star it would have a few years ago.The hickory burger w cheesedripping w bbq sauce, juicy and delicious. A 5.5- 6 on the burger scale easyThey serve two types of burgers here - one is... crap... I don't know what that one is, and the other is the hickory burger.Dude, seriously.... it changed my life... at least, in the standard of hickory burger history... it has. Now if they didn't have sticky seats we'd have a 5-star on our hands people.I really like the decor of this place since it has a burger joint feel to it. You pretty much grab the first seat you can find. The guy who helped us with our order was really nice. The menu is simple. I ordered the burger and fries. It was good, but nothing extraordinary. Cash only! You can also park at the Westside Pavilion and walk there if you cannot find parking on the street.Yeah, the burgers are solid, not at all trendy.  Just high fat burgers with classic fixings.  But I'm here to talk about THE PIE!!!There is an otherworldly bliss I experience, surrounded by curt servers and impatient patrons jockeying for a spot at the limited counter as I contemplate my second piece of pie and another refill of coffee.  Throughout the meal, hamburger, fries, rootbeer, I marvel at the practiced frenzy of the staff, the alternating patience and excitement of customers scanning for someone about to pay their check, and the steady beat of the hinged front door as people come and go.  But then it is time for pie.The apple pie is as good as any I've ever had, with a giant volcano like crust that comes with a caramel sauce drizzled over the top.  And then there is the boysenberry.  Outside of Knotts Berry Farm, it's almost unheard of, and it is DELICIOUS!  But their greatest achievement has got to be the banana cream, which weighs in at a nearly a pound per serving.  With rich pudding, big chunks of banana, a lard based crust that will make you curse butter, and the densest whipped cream I have ever experienced.  It's like eating a fine french cheese.  I get weak just thinking about it.I go almost every year to pick up pies for Thanksgiving, when The Apple Pan closely resembles the Soup Nazi episode from Seinfeld.  You had better have your cash ready, and be prepared to accept WHATEVER pies you are lucky enough to get.  I remember one year John Lovitz exiting a limo parked out back and personally taking delivery of a half dozen pies.  I ended up with only a pumpkin that year.  You owe me LOVITZ!It was my day off and I wanted on a rare occassion, I was craving a manly hamburger. Perhaps it was because I broke my promise of NOT watching triple D's before bedtime? But anyways, I woke up with this urge to eat my way through a juicy burger. So the bf and I headed over to the Apple Pan. I've been to The Counter and Father's Office so I wanted to put APs famous burgers to the test. Found street parking easily and went in find two seats waiting for us. We plopped down and ordered quickly:- Two Steakburgers - mine without mayo and the bfs with cheese- French FriesThe french fries were pretty tasty. The new trend is double frying these days so you can't really go wrong here. Fresh, crispy and I loved how they served all of their food/condiments on bio-degradable/recycled plates. Now on to the main show. The burgers... oh what can I say? I was a little disappointed. There really wasn't anything all that special about it except for it's massive size and hefty price tag. If you're into fancy sauces (can't really even call it fancy) than you might get a kick out of it but in my honest opinion, it was good but not great. To my bf, it was comparable to In N Out so just saying...Pros -- What I can say is that service here is fast, fast, fast! The server took our waiter in a second, brought our food and kept the ketchup flowing without having to ask.Cons -- I did notice that kind of disgusted me was that the same guy who deals with the cash also serves your food. You know those fries that are falling out of the bowl, yeah he pushes him back in with his money-touching hands. Also, they don't seem to have a very accurate way of calculating your bill. I don't know how two burgers and a order of fries came out to $19.50 but I figured wtheck.Nostalgia, plain and simple. That's the best way to describe Apple Pan.Quality is there. Quite good actually, in terms of ingredients and cooking. Prices are a little high, for what you're getting, but not ridiculous.So, it really comes down to taste and preference thereof. Wife had the steakburger, and I had the hickory burger. I believe, on both counts, it may come down to whether you grew up on the flavors components. Reason I say is the steakburger has a mound of a sweet relish or relish-like sauce which I found, well, very sweet. The hickory burger is very smoky, and does in fact taste good. But just be prepared for it. Not a huge fan of the tillamook on the hickory burger; the flavors tended to fight each other. And WAY too much lettuce (which was self-resolved).We also had the fries and the banana cream pie to round out the afternoon. The fries were a bit puffy, and very undercooked; almost flavorless. A complete miss on those. The banana cream pie however was very well made, and you understand by the 2nd bite why it's recommended by people who frequent the Apple Pan.The ambiance is like I said, a time capsule of nostalgia. The staff is all about getting you in, and getting you out. So there is an almost impossible-to-ignore feeling of being rushed.I wouldn't tell anyone not to go here, but I don't find myself dreaming of the Apple Pan flavors either.While I understand that Apple Pan gas earned its share of accolades of its fans, at this time, there are far better burger joints in this great city of ours for me to discover, eat, & repeat.It was ok. I think I'd probably knock down barriers to get to Father's Office or In-n-out before I really try to get to this place.The relish sauce on the steakburger was too strong for me, so If I go back, I'll definitely get the steakburger without the relish...Everything is old-school in this joint: coffee machine, cash regisster, cup holders...and that adds to the charm of this place. It's cool because they're open really late so you can avoid the lunch rush and grab a late night burger.Apple Pan doesn't beat In-N-Out for my best burger award (another unmarketable invention of mine), but it deserves an honorable mention. Unlike some others burgers (ie, at The Counter), Apple Pan's burger is better than the sum of its parts - even without a tomato, the flavors of the sauce, cheese, beef, and relish meld together to create a legitimately delicious burger. I like the original steakburger better than the hickoryburger, but both are good and worth trying. The fries aren't anything special, and your drinks are served in a paper cone. I'm not a fan of sweets, but my friend's favorite pie is banana cream and she comes here just for the pie. With a $7 cheeseburger, $6 slice of pie, $2 order of fries, and a $1.50 soda, you'll spend a pretty penny for a meal that I think would have been better at In-N-Out. But I'll still recommend this place as worth a try.This place is in a shack and isn't much to look at (nor is it well-lit inside or very clean). There's a parking lot behind but there's only about 8 spots and they're always filled, as are the seats at the counter inside. Residents on Glendon have warned me not to park there, lest I risk a ticket, so I usually just park across the street at the Pavilion. You have to be assertive to get served, but that's more because they're busy than they're mean. It really is rather impressive to see the ketchup get poured from that glass bottle with such finesse.Due to the nature of E R.'s reviews and his constant complaints streaming into my ears every second he gets, I am going to keep this one down to one sentence. Food that was devoured: hickory burger, fries, and APPLE PIE!!!The food was finger- lickin', tongue-salivatin', cream-in-my-pants orgasmic delicious! This puts In-n-Out to shame. Like E R. said, "and they have pie!!!" BEST APPLE PIE IN TOWN!The "old guy" that everyone is complaining and hating about was really nice to us. He told us about his mom and his wife and how he was born. Married for 38 years, that's what he kept telling us. Sorry E R.- I couldn't keep it down to one sentence.UHHHHHMAZINGGG!I've lived in LA my whole life. Why the hell has it taken so long to eat here? Thusfar, it's the only BURGER that can hang with In-n-Out. I thoroughly enjoyed this burger more than Five Guys (MOST EPIC FAIL EVER) and Father's Office. KEY POINTS-The relish stunned me in a good way which gives it that MEMORABLE flavor that most burgers fail on. -Juicier than In-n-Out-Fries were perfectly slightly well doneFUGGGING UGHMAZINGApple Pan holds a special spot in my heart because it was the first place my friend and I went on our first date. It was Valentine's day last year and this place was surprisingly not packed at all. We waited no more than 15 minutes to find seats (there was a party of like 8 waiting for seats--do people NOT read Yelp reviews?)The diner is cute and old-fashioned. It is not the stereotypical place to bring a date for Vday but he knew I'm not a big vday person so this casual spot did the trick. I got the hickory burger and it was pretty good. He also convinced me to give the apple pie a try even though I'm not a pie person at all. The apple pie definitely lived up to its name. It was served warm (like just out of the oven fresh) and the crust was perfect.The service was also super friendly. He was very patient and gave us recommendations.Unfortunately, I haven't been back since I stopped eating meat. I really wish they had vegetarian options! Almost every burger place has vegetarian options these days and they should modernize their menu while maintaining their old-fashion feel.Last thing--DO NOT COME HERE IN A GROUP! Seats will be impossible and you have to wait a long time. Come three at most!This place is no bullshit and that's why I love it so.Came here last night after a a failed attempt on Monday (Thanks for reading their hours Anthony C.) but damn was it worth it. It isn't too far from where we stay so I don't mind the drive.Anyways, I got my steakburger w/ TILLLLAAAAMOOK cheese and he tried the Hickory for the first time. GOT DAMN BATMAN, that hickory sauce is no joke. If I'm feeling extra saucy next time I will get that but I don't want my steakburger burger to divorce me.I love the relish.We also took a slice of banana creme pie home and it was gone in seconds. I wasn't a big fan of their apple pie BUT the bottom crust that is used in their pies ROCK. I felt utterly defeated in pie making skills upon taking my first bite :( but I guess that's :) at the same time no?Best burger I've had yet.As someone who gets down with burgers on the regular, I have to say that while The Apple Pan serves up a good patty (especially the hickory burger...that thing is slippity sloppity with the sauce), it does not compare to some of the other places available in the LA area. Maybe it's because the burger isn't fat enough (it reminds me of In-N-Out), or that my taste for the good ol' fashioned cheeseburger has been spoiled by the weirdo gourmet burgers of places like Hole In The Wall and Father's Office, or that the fries are lame (those fat, tasteless ones that you need to drench in ketchup in order to stomach), but in any case it's safe to say that I've had better. Those paper/metal cup holder thingies they serve their pop (soda) in are pretty cool, though.Oh, and the pies are decent, though by the time I'm finished with the anticlimactic burger and fries I'm not feeling like burning any more holes in my wallet, so I usually pass. If they're meh enough to save money on, they're not legit.It's also a small place, so going on a weekend during high-tide can be annoying. There's only counter seating available so you have to straight up HAWK the place in order to swoop down and grab some stools. It can get tiresome because sometimes people don't play by the "first come first served" rules and get stools before you...even if you were there first. Gotta be hunters at this joint...not prey.Don't get me wrong, you Apple Pan fanboys and girls...it's not a bad burger spot. Just not my favie.Walk in and you will more then likely have to wait for an opening in the U shaped counter.  No sign in sheet, just be attentive and keep an eye out.  Small menu consisting of burgers fries and canned soda poured into paper cups.  They do make a quality burger.  A burger, fries, and drink will cost you about $10.00Just remember cash only.  There is an atm just across the street.  If a single patty is not enough for you they will do a double patty.  My only complaint here is the special sauce, which I can best described as a blend of relish and ketchup.  Sweet, tart, tangy and for me it has no business on a burger.Other then that, they also make a pretty good apple pie that will is about $6 a slice.  Small rear lot but there is plenty of street parking.this little shack is yummy!! been here about two times and yes i enjoyed them both! burgers are average.. they're a little over priced but i love their banana pie!!! try it if youre in the neighborhood. parking sucks though!This is the craziest setup I've ever seen.  Well no not really, but it's definitely out of the norm.  It really is a little shop with the only seats being stools that go around this "U" formation table that wraps around the center which is the kitchen.  There is no taking numbers, or signing your name onto the list.  Instead you just better remember the faces of those people that you saw when you first walked into the restaurant, and those that came after you.  You seat yourself based on who came first and everyone just has to give each other the benefit of the doubt.  Not sure if I like this.The apple pan's burgers both smell and taste phenomenal.  You must must get the hickory burger.  The taste of the smokey hickory!  Definitely something that you can't get elsewhere.  Be sure to get a soda here because they serve it to you or rather they give you a can of soda and you serve yourself in this cute little shaved ice cone container filled with ice.  I'm not sure what purpose the little paper cone serves as opposed to a paper cup, but it's definitely a fun little novelty.  I also got a slice of their famed banana cream pie, but I wasn't really feeling the hype.  I say just go for the burger.My cousin swears by this place and he's only 14.  Whenever we get together to eat he talks about how he wants to follow up the meal we are currently eating with an Apple Pan burger.The burgers are good.  The place is packed.  It's a little hamburger diner joint that tries to get people in and out.  There's no AC so be careful going on a sunny Californian day.  It's a little expensive as far as burgers go, but I would definitely put them on my list of tasty burger joints.As for comparing Father's Office versus Apple Pan, they are two totally different ambiances.  Apple Pan is casual, family-style, low-maintenance, while Father's Office is well...think about it, you can only get in if you are 21 or older.  It's trendier.  You decide what you're in the mood for.  If you want low-key yummy, go to Apple Pan.This place is overrated - don't expect to ever find me here again. Extremely greasy burgers and fries  :(And there is always a long wait spilling out the door, because there are so few seats. The last (and only time) I was there, my counter top was greasy with crumbs on it.  I understand that the staff is busy, but that is just unsanitary!I do not agree with their prices either.For a single patty burger (no cheese) comes out to about $6.50.Adding fries to your meal is an additional cost of about $3 (no meal combo deals at this place!).  Add a drink, which is a can of soda served in a pointy paper cup for another $2.Don't forget to the tip the gruff employees who failed to wipe down my tabletop.  Comes out to at least $15 for a simple burger meal.You can get the same meal for less than $5 at In-n-Out.Few things to know before going:- You will need to find street parking, or walk here, or take the bus.- Visit to the ATM first, this is place cash only. - Come BEFORE you are hungry.  By the time you are done waiting in line, you will be hungry.- The waiters can be grumpy and rude.  Don't let it ruin your meal, as it did for me.An institution that continues to provide a great burger and history to the Los Angeles food scene... On Saturday, we drove up to the Apple Pan and actually walked right in and sat down. Within minutes it was standing room only... A quick shout to to Hector ( who has been there over 30 years) with our order. Just as quick as I sat, our food was served. The burgers where great, and tasted awesome, the fries where crispy and hot and I was very happy with our food. Pretty simple and done very well. I finished my meal with the banana cream pie and the apple pie... I mean Ca'mon, it really doesn't get any better. Service was quick, food was awesome and to be apart of the Los Angeles history hanging out with my boy Hector.... PricelessI have been coming to this place my whole life. The great thing about it is it never changes. Was in the area for lunch yesterday and slid into the last seat at the bar. I ordered the usual: Hickory burger w/ cheese, & a root beer. Didnt have room for fries but the guy behind the counter looked at me and smirked because everyone around me had fries and there I was,  burgerless, all alone fiddling with my rootbeer.   I guess he felt bad for me so he gave me a few fries,it made me smile,Then came my timeless burger, same as I remember only better cuz its been a while. Heres how it hits your mouth in chronological order, Crunch of toasted bun, Zingy sweetness of hickory sauce, Sharp Cheddar, Juicy patty,  Crisp mound of iceberg lettuce, Salty sliced pickles, & to round it out mayo. It was blissful...I couldn't  fit any pie after scarfing my burger but It is a must a la mode if you've never had it. This is the kind of place you miss while traveling...makes me feel like im home :)Apple Pan is delicious.  The apple relish/topping/magic stuff is incredible.  Combine that with the meat, cheese, and pickles to get  something unique and wonderful.And I don't even like pickles.I'm still searching for that perfect burger out here, though.  I'm from the school of thought that a nicely cooked patty made from quality meat is the show, and that all the toppings are just window dressing.  Out west, I guess the thinking is that it's a package deal, and of all of them, Apple Pan has the best example.The fries here range from good to great.  I think it depends on how busy they are.Seating is tricky.  It's just a U-shaped counter surrounding the kitchen, where one guy basically runs the whole show ordering and serving wise.  When you walk in, look around for people close to finishing then go stand near them.  Unless there's already a line; then custom dictates you wait in the line.  Otherwise, find a spot and settle in.A few more tips. People will be staring at you.  But that's okay.  You stared at the people sitting in your seats before you.  It's a natural thing; the circle of life...err, burgers.  Make your peace with it, and take your time.  Everyone else is.And be patient with the guy running the counter.  He's got to deal with a lot of people all at once, while doing many different things, and he doesn't have time to be polite.  He's gruff, but a cool gruff, like a tough-as-nails grandfather. Or Edward James Olmos.I have been going to The Apple Pan since as far back as I can remember. I think the same holds true for my parents generation and grandparents generation (not that either in my family are from Los Angeles).Simply put, this is a special place. I'm almost offended when I see people comparing it to In-N-Out. And yes, I like In-N-Out.The Apple Pan is an LA institution. The place has looked the same my entire life... There is only counter seating, there is grandmother-type wallpaper, and the cash register is 500 years old (well, basically).The employees here have been there forever. I recognize the day workers and the night workers. They are ALWAYS the same people.The burgers are absolutely delicious and totally unique. They are very filling, much more-so that most other burgers. They have a unique apple-based sauce. The fries are great, and for some reason the Coke just tastes better out of the little paper cone that they serve it to you in. The Tuna Sandwich is very good, and so I hear... the Egg Salad Sandwich is also very good. Not to mention, you must try the Apple Pie.This is the type of place where you get regulars like me who have been coming in again and again for their entire lives. You will see that many patrons will know the guys behind the counter on a first name basis and visa versa.Nothing but 5-stars from me... I really want to go there for dinner right now...And yes, expect a wait... at all hours of the day or night.This is a pure slice of the post-war Los Angeles boom, the wholesome Americana and hopefulness, a sign of this country stepping away from a mournful Europe and saying - "Hey, we have our own thing going on. Burgers, apple pie, soda pop, suburbs, & swimming pools. We don't need no tenement or city centers, we don't need no crepes. This is Los Angeles, dude."I've been coming here since childhood, and my grandparents took my dad there since it opened in 1947. He was three.  But, cultural and personal history aside, the food is phenomenal. I would walk through the Mojave desert in August for the hickory burger. I would swim to Catalina Island for the delicious, cinnamony slice of apple pie (with REAL whipped cream). The sodas are still served in wax cones, just like when I was a youngin'. Some people say that Los Angeles has no history, that it's a blank slate. The Apple Pan, tucked in across from the giant, faceless 80s monolith of some mall, holds steady. Los Angeles's history is long and bejeweled. Go taste it.3.5 probablyWe didn't try everything on the menu, but we tried!  Steakburger - good meat.  They use a mix of relish and ketchup as a sauce, cheddar cheese I think.  Not bad, but not amazing.Hickory burger - better flavor than the steak burger.  Very good standard sized burger.Apple pie - crisp crust, not too sweet, and WARM!  I liked it a lot.Banana cream pie - Normally, I'm not a big banana fan, but this was pretty good.  I liked that they used pudding as well as cream.  Tons of bananas.  Good if you like bananas...Otherwise, this place looks like something from another era.  Kind of a nice throwback, or a throwback to what I've seen in movies...Maybe it was just a little too hyped up.  I really tried to like it.  I really wanted this burger to be an OMG How have I not had this before kind of burger.  Sadly it was not.  It was pretty good.  But I've had better burgers in LA.  I liked the hickory burger better than the steak burger - it's more flavorful.The place was quaint.  I liked the U-counter structure of the place.  The man who took our order wasn't too warm though and didn't really chat with us.  The apple pie was good!  But overall, I think that the meal was too expensive for what I got.I wasn't around back when bustling diners were the norm, but I'm sure glad the Apple Pan exists so I can live through the experience. The first thing you'll notice is the cutthroat competition for seats: there are no lines; you just wait behind who you think will leave and surrender their seats. Once seated, you better know your order fast or the owner will pass right by you, on to the next one. You can leave your 21st century luxury dining mindset behind: everything here is fast paced, which luckily includes your orders.The menu is pretty simple, but when the burgers and pies are this good, there's no need to deviate. The word is to order the banana cream pie, but I also recommended the apple. I mean, the freaking place is named after it. I would forgo the ice cream though: it's a costly extra two dollars and the pie itself is tasty enough.I was only able to try the steak burger, but the word is to try the hickory burger.  The steak is no slouch, however. Though a bit small for the price, it's a fantastic burger with taste the rivals the big boys of gourmet burgers. It's a very simple burger that I could describe as a more mature In-N-Out burger (this comparison makes in-n-out the clear winner in terms of value... though I probably shouldn't even be making this comparison.)Don't screw around with orders because the main guy behind the counter won't take any of it.  Dude is a machine... I still can't get ketchup out of those glass Heinz bottles, yet he makes it look so easy. DEFINITELY do not stick around and hang out. There are people waiting.This is a historic place you have to try at least once if you're around the area. The prices and the wait just aren't enough to get me coming back, though.Yay: great, old-fashioned burgers, fries and pies. Oh, the pies.Boo: Cash only, many items do not allow substitutes,  "Don't let that group take our seats!"Protip: Go in an even numbered group for better seating chances. Big groups, good luck.I really, REALLY don't get the appeal of this place.Heard nothing but rave reviews from many people... finally made the trek out with my wife only to be thoroughly disappointed.I'm a hole in the wall burger joint kind of guy, I was all about it when we arrived.  But I did not find a single thing outstanding about this place.  It was so generic, freezer bag fries, basic everything, like a fast food joint.  My wife was also not enthralled with eating a burger that had sloppy ketchup all over the bun and the paper wrapper that they put it in.Decided that we should give the apple pie a try... again generic, nothing to rave about.  We were not happy when the bill ended up being around $45 for a fast food quality meal.  Can safely say we won't be going back.I really wish that I could give this place a high-ranking but the just flat out do not deserve it. I've been coming here for years and every time I come I wonder why I return and give them my business. Let's start with the customer service which is the worst attribute of this long time establishment. They do not seem genuine nor do they appreciate anyone's business.  They are often impatient and rush you through the ordering process even if you bring a get the first time at the establishment. They have average burgers, really nothing special.  Just being honest.  Apple pie is the best item on the menu and probably the only reason that I return. Homemade whipped cream is also good. But there are some really annoying characteristics about this place such as they still do not accept credit or debit card.  I'm not sure of exact history of this place but I know that some of the long-term employees are co-owners or have a financial interest in the restaurant. It's unfortunate that the longtime employees are the ones providing some of the worst customer service I've ever encountered in the restaurant industry.  Sorry for being honest, but enough already. Make your customers, all of them feel welcome.After hearing my Dad talk about this place for years, I decided to try it once I moved to LA. Needless to say, I love everything about it. The fact that the waiters seem to have been there since the opening, the decor, ambiance, the paper cups, the plates for ketchup, the burning hot fries, the burgers (and WHAT burgers)...And the pies: banana cream (the best out there), chocolate, coconut cream, pumpkin (so natural tasting).This is one the best places to go to when you've had a rough day."THUD" That is the sound of a tightly wrapped steak burger being plopped in front of you at the apple pan. i would never have associated that sound with delicousness.....until now. I went here for the first time yesterday..nursing an Oktoberfest hangover. this place is ideal. plainly burgers, fries and pies...fast old fashioned. great.great great. i love the counter and the center griddle. we went for lunch and we found the only two free seats in the place....the available seating situation might be the only thing that doesn't agree with my sensibilities. it seems when it gets busy people tend to hover around you greedily wanting your spot..makes me feel a bit rushed. other than that i don't mind the blunt attitude's. it just works there and is shockingly efficient.(cash only )This place rocks! The burgers are amazing! Nice to see a place that is so old is still around. EFF all the haters!I've been coming here since I was in utero. My father's been coming here since Sgt Pepper came out; Gordy, the waiter on the right side at night, has been working since JFK was shot. It's a definitive institution of Los Angeles; the city would be incomplete without it. Their motto is "Quality Forever" and it's not a lie. The burgers' flavor is incomparable (and the pickles are magic). The pies are outstanding. The fries are great. The service is no-nonsense; what is sometimes misperceived as brusqueness is simply efficiency with an eye toward moving as much business in and out as possible. They're open until midnight during the week, and 1 am on Fri & Sat. The business rarely ebbs. I've seen people rush through the doors at 12:55 am, only to be told that they were out of whatever they sought and then proceed to throw tantrums.Their prices have gone up, but to support a shack of a burger joint that's been standing unaltered since April 11, 1947 (and turned down offers of millions of dollars from surrounding commercial developments)? I'm happy to pay the extra couple bucks.There is an Apple Pan Ettiquette. Enter, turn go either left or right. Take note of the other people who are already there ahead of you. Wait. Once you have been there longer than anyone else on your side, claim the next available seat. If only one seat comes free and you are two, claim the empty-- someone on either side will be done soon enough. Just be sure to ignore the other side. The reason for this ettiquette? This is the burger that leaves all others pale. This is the burger I lust for every time I come back to LA. This is THE Burger!Tasty patty. Crunchy sheaf of iceburg lettuce. Delicious hickory sauce. Messy, finger licking blast. My Dad introduced me to Apple Pan in the 70s. He used to take me and my brother there on our way to Dodger Stadium, which was odd for two reasons: 1) there were far more direct routes that would take us no where near Apple Pan, and 2) why not just get Dodger Dogs at the ballpark?  I think it is clear: Apple Pan is worth going out of your way for. I hope I get there tomorrow!Wow, this place has traveled through time and arrived perfectly intact from 1947! You walk in and wait for just a few minutes to sit down at the wrap-around counter while they get you a bottle of pop and a basket of hot fries. then your burger comes out, and it's not only juicy and delicious, it's got a big helping of crunchy iceberg lettuce. i've never had food at a greasy spoon that tasted so fresh!this is a SoCal classic and my aunts and uncles have been going here since they were teenagers. they short order chefs practically wear white paper hats as they take your order. and there's a broad band of red Scottish plaid across the back wall. i just reviewed John O'Groats, what is it about West LA diners and tartan?Quick Tip: You may feel full, but order the apple pie a la mode! You're in a diner, you have to! And the crust is actually very light and flaky, you'll feel full but not overfull if you treat yourself. split it with a special friend.The apple pan has a good albeit expensive burger. Cash only so heads up.The place is a throw back lunch counter with limited seating. It doesn't seem like there is ever enough seating but they do serve food fast so I've been lucky enough to be there where people are leaving. The burger is a pretty standard greasy spoon fried on a griddle affair. The only difference is that they have their own sauce. A blend of relish, mayo, and I wanna say ketchup. It was ok but when I go back, I'm going to have them hold the sauce as I'm not a fan of relish. It overpowered everything else. A little bitter for my taste but ymmv.The burger was pretty good otherwise. It's was on the smaller side but tasted fairly fresh. They put a LOT of lettuce on mine. I don't know if that was a fluke but I seriously had a lot of iceberg lettuce. The place is definitely old school. From the counter to the menu, to the fact that they give you a paper cone to drink your soft drink out of like a soda jerk just handed you a a phosphate at a malt shop. Wow, that's swell daddio. My burger, fries, and can of Dr. Pepper. (it was a can i poured myself into a paper cone) cost $13. The burger was small and the fries were standard so I wasn't that impressed with the food vs the cost of the food. I did not try their apple pie. I only had $20 cash on me so that would have put me over the edge. I'll probably take my gf there and see what she thinks.Came back after two years of trying other burgers and broiling my own.  I don't go more often, because it's pretty expensive for what you get.  I spent $25 on a Hickory burger with cheese, fries, a can of coke, a slice of apple pie, 2 small scoops of ice cream, tax and tip.  At that price, I am used to better everything.  The burger was just all right.  The bun is a plain white bun, the ground beef was good, but not very large (1/3lb likely), the hickory bbq sauce was generic from a bottle or two, lots of iceberg lettuce, the fries were frozen from a bag, the Coke was a 12oz can, so you had to drink it sparingly or pay another $1.75 for a second.  The pie was good, as usual, but also pricey, $10.50 for a slice with ice cream.  It was all good, but it should be better for $25.Overrated at it's best.I got the "steak" burger, which was just a regular ole burger with steak seasoning on it. the toppings weren't very fresh on the burger, plus they put like half a head of lettuce on thing. Fries were extremely overcooked as well. if you get a soda from there it's from a can which i didnt really mind, it's the cone shaped cups they put it in that's the stupid part. So ofcourse afterwards I had to try the apple pie which is apparently soooo good. let me tell you it's not at all. When i have normal apple pies, they are warm and fresh with a nice big scoop vanilla ice cream. The one here had clearly been sitting out and was freezing cold. Overall Apple Pan is just a place that should just cease to exist.The hickory burger was pretty good but the sauce taste over powered the burger patty! The fries I feel needed some seasoning! But the big winner here was the Banana Creme Pie it was delicious and soo creamy! It's a must to try! The service was great as well! Very friendly!' :)What can I say about the 'Pan.  Great place to get a burger late.  $10.50 gets you a soda, fries and a burger.   Was going to get pie too, but they only had pecan, since it was busy that day.  I still think In and Out edges them out on the taste/$ ratio, but this place is closer to me and always a nice alternative.Probably some of the best burgers you can find in town, besides in n out.While in n out is probably my favorite, apple pan comes pain stainkingly close. Their homemade special hickory sauce used on certain burgers, taste unlike any other i have ever tried before.Mouth watering + delicious = satisfied customer :)This place is way fun. It's an old fashioned burger and a great tradition. Anyone who doesn't give this five stars is nuts. Get a hickory burger with fries. But make sure to save room for desert. Super good pie and ice cream. I asked what kind of ice cream it was and it is specially made for them and you can't get it any other place. Radical!Bought a banana pie from here because my brother was craving it.  I've never heard of this place until recently.  The place looked like an old school restaurant kind of like the restaurant seen in the Wonder Years.  The counter wraps around the whole kitchen area where the staff work.  So I was debating to buy a slice of pie or a whole pie.  I had just enough to pay for a whole pie.  The waiter said they tax slices and not whole pies.  So I bought a whole pie.  They only take cash, so bring cash and not plastic.  For portion size, the waiter said the pie can serve up to 6 ppl.  Doing the math, a whole pie was the better deal, especially since it was going home to my family.  The pie was fresh, filled with a lot of bananas.  I thought the pie was good, but I've definitely tasted better.  My friend liked the restaurant, and wants to come back.  So we'll see how it goes the next time around.Ok, I've read amazing reviews of this place and had to try it. The meat and fries is tasty but the burger was sloppy and certainly way too greasy for my liking. It's like 8 bucks a burger which is expensive. They're small, messy but still pretty tasty, that's why it gets up to three stars.Love the diner feel, just wish it lived up to the hype!This place is way overrated. The Burgers are so small and pricey. Has no flavor what so ever. In n out taste way better than this. Saddddddddtalk about old school...i felt like i was in the 1960s (minus the overt racism and telling me i can't sit at the counter because i'm wearing a hat indoors - or whatever reason i wouldn't be allowed to sit at a counter in 1960). it's weird that a place so old school is surrounded by westside pavilion, big banks, and guitar center. i had a cheeseburger and apple pie. they weren't special, but i enjoyed them enough. the cheeseburger was kinda of bland, but the apple pie made up for the burger. all in all it was satisfying. i probably wouldn't bring folks from out of town here, but i'd waste a few bucks here again if i felt so inclined. a-ok meal equals a-ok rating.I don't get it.  For $7.10 you get a dry 1/4 lb burger with lettuce, tomato, and pickle.  Fries (decent) and cheese cost extra.  This little, crowded "icon" of an LA eatery was a big disappointment.  I had always wanted to try Apple Pan, and now I have.  When I want a good burger, I will head to In & Out, get an impressive, better tasting Double Double at 1/2 the price.One of the best burgers in LA.  Closed Mondays, but open late the rest of the week.  The wait for a stool at the u-shaped counter can be long and even harrowing.  You'll have to choose a side of the room to wait, and some stool sharks will hop into an open seat even if they arrived after you.  But the real reason I keep coming back is the pie.  Apple, boysenberry, and banana cream are my favorites.  Sometimes they offer strawberry, peach, pecan, chocolate.  Pie and coffee at Apple Pan; that's good stuff!I love having the old abrasive guy take my order of two cheeseburgers, fries, a coke, and an apple pie. We stood around for a bit until a counter spot opened up and a grumpy old man kept giving us the eye, but hey we ordered and got our food.Its a bit like a glorified In-N-Out. Let's also state that I LOVE In-N-Out, so anything that is a glorified version of it is fine by me.The burger was juicy, flavored well, bread was slightly greasy. All in all, not a bad burger, I wouldn't say I would crave this place like the Counter or FO, but its a good place to go.Oh yeah, the apple pie is wayyyy sweet, but I don't eat too much sweets so maybe that's just me.I first found Apple Pan while reading an article in Complex Magazine when reviewing the best burgers in LA.  They ranked it one of the top two so I decided to check it out the next time that I was back in the city of angels.I usually don't visit the Westwood area so it was a bit of a stretch to find for me.  When I go to LA, I usually hit up the Melrose/Fairfax area so going out this far was foreign.The parking is a bit tough to get if you go at a peak time.  Once you get in you find a place to sit.  If it's peak time, it can get difficult.  You need to snag a spot and compete with other waiting customers.  That's the only downfall that I can think about this place.  I tried the hickory burger with fries and a coke.  The hickory burger was VERY GOOD.  The burger is not too big and not too small.  It's a good size to where you can finish and still continue with your day without feeling the need to get into a food coma.  The burger is very flavorful and has a nice distinct taste to it.  I don't think I've ever tasted a burger that had the likes of Apple Pan.  The fries are decent as well.  They're not too special but the compliment the burgers really well. Along with their burgers, their claim to fame is their Apple Pie.  The pies are super good.  I would recommend ordering a slice for dessert or picking up a pie to take home.  It taste so good when served hot and fresh.  The apples are prominent and the crust is nice and crunchy.  I would highly recommend it as it's one of my favorites as far as apple pie is concerned.Overall, I really recommend this place.  The burgers are fantastic and the desserts are equally as impressive.  The only downfall was the self seating but if you go during an off time, there should be no problems with your dining experience.O - M - GI love this place. I got the hickory burger and man oh man..... it was yummy. The burger was really moist and their "secret" hickory sauce was amazing. The fries and root beer were yummy too. I also ordered the pecan pie, which I liked.. but probably wouldn't spend $6.00 on it again. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! -  Go there!oh and FYI - the place is really small and seating all self service along a wrap-around bar. There is always a wait, but it goes fast as people eat and move so others can sit.I like the hickoryburger. It has fresh ingredients, and I like the smokey flavor. I think it's about $6.50 / burger. There's a U-shaped counter where you seat yourself, and since there's no line it gets awkward while you stand and wait behind someone who looks like they're almost done eating in order to snatch a seat.  Don't go in with inflated expectations. While they have good burgers and fries, it's not orgasmic or enlightening.Unfortunately like much of the hyped-up places around LA, it's overrated.  Alright, so the pie was better than an average apple pie.  but my standards for apple pies aren't very high.  Also, it was expensive.   I expect to get my money's worth if I'm going to shell out money for a burger I can pick up at a drive thru.  The burger was blah, even In-N-Out is better, for less than half the price.  There's almost no seating for the amount of people it attracts, it's a quick eat-and-get-out type of place.Maybe I'll give it one more chance someday, when my wallet gets too fat and I feel like spending it on a greasy diner with mediocre food.I can honestly say I've never tasted anything like the hickory burger, but I wasn't impressed. The place itself is a cute little hut with diner style seating, small, and with old guys in paper hats with charisma! Soda comes in a can then you pour it into a paper cone shaped Dixie cup filled with ice. Water comes in a standard coffee sized Styrofoam cup. It has a B-rating displayed in the window.Tried the apple pie a la mode and it was good but not smashing or fabulous. Cash only (registers are OLD SCHOOL! ). I dig the whole back in time ambiance, but the food is meh.For two people: two hickory burgers, two apple pie a la modes, one soda, one plate of fries = $27.80!!This place has that nostalgic feel: a long counter, an open kitchen, a simple menu... all factors that I love.  But, if we're just rating this place on the food, I've had better.I ordered the tuna and my fiance ordered the original burger.  In my opinion, the tuna was a little bland.  My fiance gave me a couple bites of his burger and we both agreed.  The burger doesn't even fair in our top ten burgers in LA.  When the burger arrived, we looked at each other and asked," Where's the meat?!" True, the sweet sauce is yummy, but if only the patty was as thick as the lettuce.  In numbers, the lettuce was an inch thick, while that patty was less than a centimeter.  The fries were hot and crispy, the only redeeming element to this experience.I think I'd come back to try the pie.  But, these are my thoughts for now.LA has this reputation as being a place where everything is new and hip. Au contraire. Honestly, there are lots of dinery kinds of places w/ tons of character. This is one of them. I believe the owner dude - is the server - he's salty and funny and mean-ish, but in a good spirited way (and legit, as opposed to Ed Debevic's, my old standby rude waiter establishment proxy). Anyway, the apple pie was stellar. Really good. But, it was pricey. Very. Like $7.50 a slice (a la mode). And, they sort of rushed us out.PS: Apparently this is the place the Peach Pit is based on on 90210.I'll be honest - I wasn't too impressed with The Apple Pan.The burgers were only average, and while the staff was funny, after about five minutes you mostly feel like the place is run by a bunch of ramblin' old timers.But I do love a classic diner, and the fries and pie do make up for the lackluster burgers.However for the price, which came dangerously close to $20 a person, you can do much, much better elsewhere.Surprised this place does not have a higher across the board rating - but have not been here in over a year. Negatives : the wait is almost always long Positives : everything elseFrom the burgers to the tuna salad to the fries - this place is a slice of heaven. Don't leave without getting a slice of pie. The apple is especially good. This place is a true West LA gem. Hope it is around for a long time.I went for an early dinner at 4pm and it was empty. The burger was... okay. The meat wasn't the best, but if you're craving a thinner crispier patty, then you probably want to go here. But the price ($6.25)... I don't know- I'd rather go to in n out.The apple pie is delicious. Especially with ice cream. (hence the 3 star rating, instead of 2). Make sure you get it with ice cream. I can imagine how long the wait could be- there's only 1 counter that wraps around the grill/kitchen area. Probably enough seating for 30 max?There's a small lot in the back btw otherwise head further down pico for a public parking lot ($1 an hour).Came here on a weekend right after I ate at Gyu Kaku. Wasn't hungry but Apple Pan was bookmarked for months and had to try it since I was in the 'hood.Was lucky enough to get a table as soon as I got in and street parking right outside. Like everyone already said, old fashioned counters and seats. The server was super nice and our food came out very quickly. Ordered the Hickory Burger and Banana Cream pie. The burger was smaller than expected but that little thing had a lot of flavor. Loved the smokiness and the hickory sauce. The burger was decent but definitely not the best burger I've eaten. The banana cream pie was good, whipped cream was good. The bananas were starting to brown and the custard was sweet and thick. The crust was pretty thin and not as good as I expected. Still a decent cream pie, but definitely had better (The House of Pies!).Oh, and cash only. Realized this after I saw their cash registers. Didn't have cash on me so my friend spotted me. THANKS friend! lolThis place just does it right. Simplicity at it's finest. For those looking for a "unique" or "different" burger, you aren't going to find it here. It's just a good old fashioned burger with fresh, simple ingredients.  What I really LOVE about the place is the pies though.  Their apple is as close to a great homemade apple pie that I've been able to find so far in LA.  The apples have a nice soft consistency to them and the filling isn't overly thick or pasty.  Really nice crust as well.Their Banana Cream pie is the best I have ever had. Hands down. Don't know what else to say, it's just that good.If you want American classics with a twist, this isn't your spot. They do it like Grandma did.  I love some of the new American places that are coming to LA, but it's nice to have this landmark around to remind me of where it all started.This is a really cute place. :D I can't say I've ever been to a place that still sells soda in paper cone cups. We got here pretty early the morning after we left Disneyland and waited outside (with several other people; this place is quite popular) for it to open.I got a hickory burger and fries and shared an apple pie with two friends. They don't have tables, so we sat up at the bar and our waiter/server got us our food rather quickly. He got little plates and ketchup for us, and refilled it when it seemed to be running low. A little on the expensive side and it's a good thing we got there early, because it filled up fast.Hickory burger. Yum. Banana Creme Pie. Yum. The old man that served us was super sweet and nice, giving us samples of the sauce and doing little chit chat. When he brought out the banana cream pie, he had a little piece of creme on the side of his mouth. He kept saying how good it was, and I knew he was telling the truth, because he had some! (Not of my pie though.) I hope that guy works there forever! Loved him! U-shaped diner style counter. Similar to In-n-out, I'm assuming because they're both invoking those old time classic diner style. Burgers are small, but I actually like the size. The burgers today are too big! But yes, if you're in the area, check it out. =)I don't know when they jacked up the prices, but the hickory burger is now  $6.75, as is the steakburger (NOT $5 as posted on the "unofficial website") and $.50 for cheese! So it's pretty pricey for a tiny burger with a thin patty and some lettuce and unimpressive sauce at a little dinery place. Mr. Jonathan Gold, I don't know why this is on your list but I could go to In-N-Out and feed 4 ppl instead of 1 and possibly be more satisfied. Would definitely not go back for another burger. Their fries were pretty good though, hot and crispy, as was the banana cream pie.. mmm but not sure if it's worth $5.75 for an itty bitty slice however (maybe for portion control). Kudos for atmosphere too, I do like little diners.CASH ONLY!Great Burger!Simple, no nonsense food.  No complaints here.Finding a seat in this 20 seater diner was probably the least appetizing part of my experience.  After lurking like vultures, we luckily found seats in about 15 minutes and were quickly served with drinks.  I had heard a lot about Apple Pan from locals and diner enthusiasts who raved about the burgers.  On my quest to taste every worth while burger, I found myself at Apple Pan on a Saturday afternoon.The fries were standard diner fries, and the burger was good but nothing too crazy.  You can tell it's well made, but simple.  The burger cost about $6 and fries came separately.  Overall, it was a good burger with some good old diner atmosphere, but not a strong contender for the best burgers LA has to offer in my opinion.I'm giving the 5 stars for the banana cream pie they have at The Apple Pan.  My sister first introduced me to this place b/c she used to go here often with her friends and she would rave about the banana cream pie.  So eventually, I tried the banana cream pie (they sell them by the slice if you dine in but you can also order whole pies for takeout) and I absolutely fell in love with banana cream pie.  I was my first time actually trying banana cream pie, but it was freakin delicious.  I've been to The Apple Pan and eaten in as well with friends so I did get to try their burgers/fries.  The place is super small so seating is very limited (it's diner style) but i LOVE LOVE the place.  I think it's super cute and kitchy.  Reminds me of being in the 1950s or something.  But anyways, the burgers are pretty tasty and the fries are awesome.Definitely a place to try (you must try the banana cream pie!)There was so much traffic on my commute home this past thursday that I decided to go and grab a bit at The Apple Pan.  Sadly, it took me close to an hour to get here from Santa Monica.  I HATE LA TRAFFIC!  At 5 on a thursday, this place was pretty empty.  I been hearing about this hickory burger so I had to try it.  It was good, nice and simple and surprisingly not too greasy.  The Hickory sauce was nothing special.  In fact, it was the french fries that were greasy.  You can see it soak through the paper plate it comes in.  Along with my meal were french fries. They were okay, your typical fries, no seasoning, great for someone who has high blood pressure.  That is not mea btw.  I got my apple pie to go because I was so full.  When I got home I ate it and it was delicious.  I like the thin flaky crust.  The apples were nice and soft, I felt like they're peaches in there too.  A lot of regular comes here, as I noticed.  Seating is all counters in the shape of a U.  Its a pretty small joint, so when this place is packed you'll wait a little bit.  Food comes out fairly quickly so the service is really fast.  My meal came out to $18 with tax and tip.  If you ask me, that's too pricey for burger, fries and a pie.  Next time, I'd pass on the burger and fries and just get me some pie.  This place holds a special place in a lot of people's heart. Probably a childhood memory.  I hear people talk about it and I am empathetic to their stories.  That's why I had to check this place out.  But I can't say it did the same for me.  Personally, I still prefer In-n-Out over these Apple Pies and Pie-n-Burger places.  Don't get me wrong, I love Mom and Pop Places.  These just didn't cut it for me.Old school burger joint down to the uniforms and the cheap paper plates, u-shaped counter, packed 95% of the time I go.Not expensive but not all that cheap for burgers. The apple pie ain't cheap, though, and if you do it a la mode it's getting pretty pricey for what's basically diner apple pie. (it's damned good by all accounts, and given that the westside has no good apple pie, that is something to consider!)The problem is, the rest of food's just not very good. It's twice as much as In-n-Out but isn't even as good. The fries are "well done" which is fine if you like well done, it's ambivalent for me. And the burger's got a THIN patty atop a massive hunk of iceberg, which amazingly-- the iceberg's not bad. But the super thin patty for twice the cost... yeah, no.it has its charms. The food's just not one of them.I wasn't in the mood for anything too heavy so I got the egg salad sandwich here. It was tasty and a huge portion but I'm sure their burgers are better. The fries are yummy, but nothing amazing. Their apple pie was really good. I'll be back for more pie, please :)Good taste to the meat but really nothing special. I think this place really gets by on tradition because theres a million better burgers out there. At least the price of a burger is reasonable - $6.25.Came here to try the burger.  I had high expectations since there were so many reviews.  I got lucky and found meter parking in front.  I went inside and was unsure where the line started.  It was kind of unorganized.  The wait was not long.I ordered the hickory burger and fries.  The fries were a little favorless, had to add some salt for some flavor.  The burger met my expectation.  It was a pretty good burger.  The taste was unique.  I like it.FOOD:  the burgers are fresh, juicy, and very scrumptious.  If you want a milder taste, try the steak burger with the terrific cheese.  For a bolder flavor, go with the hickory burger for that bbq-ketchup flavor that's unique and tasty.  The sandwiches like egg salad and tuna are also terrific, but what takes the cake (pun intended) is their pies.  My favorite is the boysenberry, but all of them are homemade, natural, and not too sweet.  People who try to say places like In-N-Out are better just don't get the difference between a good fast-food burger versus a great burger joint!SERVICE:  the folks who work at Apple Pan are long-time employees who know their jobs and their repeat customers.  They are also treated very well by the owners (refer to the L.A. Times story), so I don't mind paying a little more to be waited on by someone who's not a minimum wage worker.  A couple of the front line folks can be short or gruff until you get to know them, but one of the guys is newer and young, so choose him if you want the friendliest service in the joint.LOCATION & AMBIANCE:  the place is conveniently located on Pico Blvd. across from the Westside Pavilion.  The interior is old school, but a charming throwback and there is an open kitchen.  Seating is limited, so coming with a big party can make things difficult, but it's worth the wait.VALUE:  you get what you pay for and many of those who criticize the Apple Pan seem to want fast food prices for a quality burger.  Go to one of the chains if that's what you desire, but don't criticize if you're cheap.  The pies are a little pricey but are the best I've had, so how do you put a price on that?Have been coming here since I was a young girl.  It's just about the same, and that's a good thing.Came here with a group on our way back from LAX. It's quick and a good place to stop on your way back to the valley when traffic is heavy and you're hungry.  Have done this several times. Great burgers, the hickory burger being the best! I like it with grilled onions and the works. The sandwiches are very good and so are the pies (though not as good as mine ;-))  The cherry cream and banana cream pies were yummy.  The fries are tasty, just a bit greasy. This is one restaurant that has buttermilk on the menu, which I love! It goes really well with the burger and fries.Have always had good luck getting seats and good service. I always enjoy The Apple Pan.Yay.  My first yay is for the fact that Apple Pan is open till midnight.  I heart late night eats.I've been to apple pan before, and it's cool old-style factor is off the charts.  Only available seating is at the counter.  This means, it's good for groups equal to or less than 3, in my opinion.  Menu is simple and you can do on and offs from the items as you please.  I had the steakburger protein style (no idea they had this - I saw someone's and quickly asked for mine to be wrapped in lettuce!).  Crunchy lettuce and enough of it with the perfect patty inside.  Just right.  An eh from me on the fries.  The soda comes in the can or bottle and with a solo funnel style cup in a holder.  More classic old-timey styling.  Swwwweeet.  The pie with ice cream is a nice touch as well (cooked in house) although we opted out this time.  Apparently they were also out of apple pie much earlier in the day.  Note 1:  Go early if you're dying for a slice of pie.  What if they run out!?Note 2:  Do not expect a giant burger, you won't get one.The Apple Pan offers a really good burger.  I can't hate on a burger joint that has been serving for 60+ years.  It's one of the oldest continuing operating restaurants in LA.  You can tell, too, when you walk into the joint.  Everything looks like it's been there since its first opening in 1947.  I am not sure if they have remodeled since then, but it does give a good feel while you eat at the counter.  I ordered the steakburger and fries.  Decent.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing to crave.  I also ordered a rootbeer which they serve in a paper cone cup.  Is this how they've been serving food all these years?When I first arrived, I have to admit I was a bit annoyed.  There is no formal line just people standing against the walls using the honor system to grab the next available seat.  I like order, so to come to this type of chaos does annoy me.  There is no tables so seating is VERY LIMITED.  Just a counter.  So depending on how many people leave a counter leaves you to figure out amongst the crowd who will take the empty seats.  No hostess.  Just you and the starving crowd preying for open seats.When I left the burger joint, I have to give it to The Apple Pan; they've been keeping things traditional for all these years.  I respect that, especially with corporate burger places like McDonald's, etc. to compete with, they didn't sell out or change things up.  I didn't have an appetite for any of their pies so perhaps I'll come back when there isn't a lunch/dinner rush.So I had a friend who ranted and raved about this place, saying how it was standing room only and packed to the raters seven days a week.  SO of course I wanted to check it out.I actually went at midnight on a Saturday night after seeing a movie at the Landmark across the street, and the place only had about 8 people in it.I walked in, and sat down.  How easy was that?!I had the Steakburger with cheese and a slice of apple pie.The burger was good, tons of sweet relish, the patty was cooked to a perfect medium rare.The apple pie was really good.  As I expected.The crust was light and thin the apples sweet.I liked both the burger and the pie but don't know why my friend went on and on about it.  Pie and a burger for $13.  Not bad, and for that reason I might go back.  But if I wanted a burger I would rather get one from In N Out, and for pie?  Yea, Nothing better comes to mind right now, so stick with them for that.  But cash only always sucks, so I may rather go to a place that will take plastic next time.The Apple Pan, I've heard of you before. You're supposed to be a nostalgic place that's become a famous stomping grounds for many and all types of folks. You serve honest burgers at semi-reasonable prices and still rock out the old school cash registers.And indeed the rumors were true...Stroll into this west-LA place and you almost feel transported back in time... "GREAT SCOT!" Doc Brown might say.There's no hostess and no one will greet you. That's just the type of place the Apple Pan is. They largely work through what seems like the honor system. Or one could say: they have no system! You wait along the walls until a spot opens up. But don't steal someone else's seat that was there before ya... cuz he might bark. Or at least the dude one dude sort of did while I was there. *phew* luckily it wasn't me.I would suggest to try to scope out the rest of the crowd while standing there. And while you're at it, you might as well grab a menu cuz it could be a little while until you get a seat. There aren't too many choices to make really, but it's good to do so quickly as the grumpy old men taking orders aren't the most talkative bunch.It's kind of amusing to me. They are "men of few words" doesn't quite suffice. Cuz they are short and blunt... instead of "What would you like to drink tonight?" you might get "Coke?" or "Drink?"Hahaha and whatever you order, you'll get a little cone cup with a metal stand... aw so neat!Anyway, we ordered one classic steak burger and one hickory style. I really liked the classic taste of the burger, but thought that the hickory one had a lot more flavor going for it. Also ordered a small side of fries which were okay. The burgers aren't enormous, but filling.To finish it off, we went with a slice of apple pie (a la mode, of course). I mean, c'mon it's called the apple pan. You have to order one, right?Oh wait, they do have a pecan pie too. But remember, they are CASH ONLY!I'm not sure if it's a good place for a group given that their seat selection is funky... unless you are okay with being split up.The parking right behind is very limited, but it seems that street parking shouldn't be too hard. Oh and they do take-out too.A great LA burger spot that will take you back 50 years.  I had been encouraged over the years by friends and writeups to try out Apple Pan, and over the weekend I finally cashed in.  Establishment has been caught in a fabulous time warp that gave me a taste for old LA, then I got the taste of a darn burger.The menu is limited but who needs much when the burgers are as tasty as they are here.  I opted for the Hickory burger with cheese.  Outside of the BBQ sauce it is your standard burger, but the grill toasted bun and Tillamook cheddar made a great flavor profile with the incredibly fresh veggies and burger.  The fries are fairly standard, nothing to rave about here other than the never-ending parade of ketchup, the soft drinks are served in a very unique reusable cup that reminded of something from and old time soda fountain.Now the deserts are worth a trip on their own.  It isn't often one finds stellar banana cream pie, so if you need some come to Apple Pan.  I was beside myself with the great wedge of creamy banana goodness tossed down in front of me.  Great buttery crust, bananas prepared quickly so as not to brown, and the luscious cream.  Don't try and hold yourself to a diet here, just go for the glory and enjoy.A a great simple burger and killer deserts are what I had heard about for all these years, and I can firmly agree with everyone finally.  Damn a burger with a toasted bun and Tillamook cheddar sounds good right now........CASH ONLY!Been here... done that.I'm a foodie... so I like going to different places and reviewing them...although I guess, I didn't review them for a long time and now am enjoying writing all these reviews... This place is okay. I like the "old" feel to this place and the charm of this place... but the food is just okay. The burger kind of tastes homemade.. like the burgers my mom used to make for us as a kid. hahaha. So I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing... her burgers were never the best or really memorable. hahaha. Sorry Mama. The fries were also pretty standard. My friend wanted to try the buttermilk drink...and I don't think they knew what buttermilk tastes like. I wouldn't want to drink a glass of the stuff. The seating is interesting. The restaurant is pretty small and you need to stand to wait for a seat. There aren't any tables... you sit in bar stools around the center of the place and it's always packed.Also, the apple pie is pretty good. I actually am not a big fan of pie... but this one was pretty good. :)I finally tried Apple Pan for the first time at around 10pm after I had finished Christmas shopping for the night. I asked the counter guy which was better, the hamburger or the Hickory Burger.  Following his advice, I wisely chose the Hickory Burger.  It was delicious. Wonderful smoky taste that really perked up my taste buds.  I was surprised that it was served on a cardboard-like plate, but the smoky taste made me forget the shabby presentation of the plate. By the time I left, the place was more than half full. The counter guy who served me was competent and and gave me a huge plate of the special sauce on the side as I requested. The sauce is nothing more than tangy ketchup, ok in small amounts.  I would have preferred regular ketchup, as the tanginess masked the smoky flavor of the burger.  I asked the counter guy if the complimentary pickle was dill. He said yes, but it was actually a sour one, which I don't like as much.  I liked the simple, retro menu and how it mentioned the geographical origins of each item within the U.S. It made the food seem very family-oriented, not something impersonal and mass-produced.  I did not like how the floors were messy.  There were several dirty paper napkins near me that should've been picked up and not just walked over. I was full from the burger, but wanted to sample a dessert. Although pecan pie was listed on the menu (my favorite), they were out of it that night. :o(The burger was a little pricey (I think I paid $9 for just one burger including tip; a slice of cheese is extra. The menu says they use Tillamook brand cheese), but it really satisfied my craving for beef.  I would come back with an out of town visitor and when I want to treat myself, since there are more items on the menu that I want to try.I would just strongly recommend that Apple Pan focus more on cleanliness. The dirty napkins on the floor is unacceptable, especially since they weren't even busy.This may be a unfair review as we had just finished running the LA Marathon. Seriously after running 26.2 miles and not eating anything I honestly was about to eat my shoe laces. Somehow we staggered into this place after hearing much hype from others. Boy it didn't disappoint, it has quite an intriguing atmosphere. Here you have these massive buildings on Pico Avenue and out of nowhere sits this little place in between it all "The Apple Pan."It kind of reminds you of those old cartoons about the house that remained nostalgic as its surroundings evolve. When you walk in, seating here is very limited but if you are patient enough it will come. The service here is somewhat like a packaging plant, where you sit, eat, and go. Alright not exactly but I felt a little rushed as everything came so quick to me. Not used to this speedy service. As for the food, well what you can you say, definitely the best burger joint in this side of town.The hickory burger was exquisite and flavorful, it is wrapped in paper with a side of fries on cardboard plates. Even the drinks are poured into a paper cone which reminds me of the snow cone era. But do make room for the delicious pie with ice cream, one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Yes its greasy and fattening, what you expect from a burger joint. If you want healthy go down the street and eat rabbit food. But if you want some good old fashion burger, come here, looking forward to my next visit. Made my day with a full belly.This is an LA staple.  You have to try it, but honestly I think there are better burgers, its not my favorite, but I love the atmosphere, its great late night and they are very good with kids, something I appreciate as a mom of an 8 year old.  I would order the Hickory Burger, the Fries and an orange crush! That's just me. My son would order a grilled cheese with not too much cheese :) and a coke. Come here, eat here...support LA Landmarks...its something you have to see and the vibe really is cool.  I bet the Apple Pie is tasty too!!I had never heard of The Apple Pan until my manfriend brought me back a whole apple pie from his weekend excursion to LA.This is one of the best apple pies I have ever had. The filling is perfectly spiced while letting the true apple flavor come through. I especially love the crust. Major bonus points for manfriend for satisfying my inner fat kid.Get the Hickory Burger, and a coke and leave with a smile on your face.  It's that simple.  One of the better burgers in L.A.  Clutch every time you are craving a good burger at a reasonable price. The old guy working there is a little creepy, but he won't hurt you.Make sure you bring cash.Simple review for a simple restaurant.This restaurant is on my way to work but I never knew about its hype until I heard it mentioned on an episode of Private Practice. Then I saw the hickory burger listed on Jonathan Gold's list of 99 things to eat in LA before you die. Intrigued.Good thing my friend and I happened to go for a late dinner and there were spaces open around the bar that wraps around the kitchen. Neither of us had known that that was the only seating available in the restaurant so we lucked out. If getting food for more than 2 ppl, I would definitely order to go.The hickory burger is yummilicious with a deep smoky flavor in the sauce but not overly salty like some BBQ sauces. The fries were crispy, just the way I like them. We also tried the egg salad sandwich, which was HUGE and filling for only $5.50. Their prices recently went up a bit, but overall, it's so worth it for the taste! My friend ordered a drink just for the novelty of drinking it from a cone hehe. Next time we'll be back for their freshly baked apple pie!It was an OK hamburger, and it was OK apple pie.  I've had better hamburgers at In & Out burger, and I've had better way better apple pie which is actually called Tarte Tatin.  There's a lot of hoopla surrounding the Apple Pan, and I can venture why.  For me, it's not the food so much but the old school environment.  I did enjoy the  retro ambiance of being able to go back 60 years into the past. This makes the Apple Pan something unique like going to Otomi, Taylors, Cliftons, Dal Rae, etc.  These are time machines and can probably never be replicated again once they are torn down by the wreaking ball which is so ubiquitous in LA where so many people are obsessed with detesting the old.Although the food at Apple Pan rates a "2", the place itself and its hard working employees who still give out nostalgic vibes rate a "5".My review is based solely on the dessert at Apple Pan. My friend and I split a slice of apple pie and a slice of pecan pie. I thought both were highly overrated. While the pies did taste good, I didn't find them to be anything unique. I was originally upset that this place only offers two types of pie, but I was recently informed that there is a secret menu that includes a banana cream pie and a chocolate pie. Instead of going back to try these I will probably stick to Simple Things Sandwiches, my favorite place for pies in L.A.CASH ONLY DINER. The set up is inefficient but nostalgic. The food is OVERPRICED and not even that tasty. The apple and pecan pies were two thumbs down. The old school waiter has his job down to a science. I tipped him 40% for being so dedicated but I'll never go back and drop $35 for a burger combo (one steak burger, one fry, one apple pie, one pecan pie and one big fat tip). 5 Guys burgers and fries are waaayyy better on all accounts.what would you like? cheese? fries? coke? *walks away*this place is simple but their hickory burger is definitely on point. burger is juicy- ask for onions, and comes withmayo & ketchup that drips down your fingers with every bite. probably not the best place for a first date if you'retrying to keep it clean. an order of fries is enough to share.I love their cone cups they have for drinks, unique!a little bit of parking in the back, and metered parking around the area. everytime I've been here it's packed,whether its 2pm in the afternoon or midnight. but serviceis still good. you sit around the counter and quickly order,doesn't take long.. you can watch them grill up your burger.didn't get to try their apple pie- :( they ran out. but we gotthe pecan pie a la mode.. yumm! yes, it's a small menu, they do things simple and the placeis small but everything works.Next to In-N-Out, this is my one of my favorite burger joints. Apple Pan's a no frills burger shack with counter service only.  The workers aren't all chummy chummy here so expect to get service but not the friendliest service.  But hey, you're there to eat a good burger, not to chat.  The burgers here are more realistic than the ones at the Counter which are 50 ft. tall and impossible to eat.  Apple Pan burgers have that hickory flavor and it always hits the spot. Compared to say In-N-Out, yeah it's pricey but you're really getting quality, and it's NOT a franchise (quality always goes down with franchises).  There's only 4 burgers to choose from: steak, hickory, and then the tuna or egg-salad sandwiches.  Who goes to Apple Pan and orders a egg-salad sandwich???And for dessert, be sure to try the baked apple pie a la mode.  The presentation's not that great (it comes out all smushy looking) but hey it's homemade! Makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Be prepared to be transported back in time when you step foot into this 50's decor, counter-only seating, simple burgers & fries served on paper plates, and cash only burger joint.  The diner scene from the movie, Back to the Future, might come to mind as you browse the furnishings.Taste wise, this place get 3 stars.   An order of burger, fries, and dessert will render you a bill for $20 (not including tax & tip).  A bit overpriced for the taste. But, from a business stand point, it makes sense.The service, decor/furnishing (50's/oldies feel), preservation, and counter only seating renders this place 4.5 stars. These factors makes this place worthy of a visit or return visits.Parking: Park across the street at the Westside Pavillion mall for free.Hours: Tue-Thu, Sun 11am-12am , Fri-Sat 11am-1amA very tasty burger, if you don't mind lurking along the wall for a long time, waiting for a seat.  Nothing surprising, just solidly tasty and quite fresh.  Go for a casual night with a friend, when you have quite some time to kill.  It's also an interesting place to take in a somewhat-historical atmosphere, so lurking and people watching isn't all bad.Mmmmmm, Hickory Burger, french fries, Coke and Apple Pie. Delish. Got off the plane and went to The Apple Pan for a delish lunch.A true Los Angeles landmark.Nothing has changed in years expect the prices.Great burger and french fries served fast.Always great service.You usually have to wait for a seat but well worth the wait.Great deserts.It like going back in time.I have been going here for almost 40 years and I used to be an Apple Pan addict but NOW there are so many choices. I still think their relish is some of the best around but burgers are good not great. The place is still a mob scene and there is usually a wait at most times of the day. Is it just the novelty factor? Not sure but I will still visit a few times a year as I have for so many years.Came in here on a whim, and they are a well-oiled machine as Arlene says.  Luckily the menu is simple and the service is fast and very friendly.  Definitely tiny and old school, but it's charming because of that.  For a nice quick at-the-counter burger jonesing, this is the place. Not the fancy Niman Ranch style beef so the meat may not be the tastiest, but it's the ambience and price you gotta love.Cash only.Food was just ok and not as good as I had hoped.Seating at a counter only that gets really crowded fast.  Service is kinda gruff and can be slow or fast, depending if they're in front of you.  Parking is street metered or in the lot.Size of the joint was kind of smell.  There are better burgers out there.  Give this place a try because it's an old LA spot.First off, this place is adorable and super down-to-earth. A slice from the past, from the building to the bar seating to the comfortingly grumpy and competent old guys working behind the counter. Love the conically served drinks too-- such a nice touch! It's definitely worth coming here at least once, but I don't know if I'll be back.The burgers and fries were definitely good, and the service prompt. I don't think the food itself is remarkable-- and not really worth the prices. When it comes to burgers in LA, I'd rather pay six bucks for a meal at In-n-Out, or shell out a few more dollars at Umami for something to write home about.Apple Pan, you were fun. I'll put you in my mental scrapbook o' restaurants, and maybe bring some out-of-town friends here later on.The Apple Pan Hickory Burger made one author's list of "99 Things to Eat in LA Before You Die" and so we decided to give it a try.I thought the burger was yummy.  It was a very classic tasting burger, with an old-fashioned taste, staying true to its roots as an landmark burger joint. The restaurant is very small inside, seating about 20 people at most at one time, all counter style.  There are no tables here.  People wait alongside the walls until a seat opens up, first come-first served style.  A bit chaotic without some sort of list or number, but somehow works on the "honor method."  A completely different taste from Umami and Father's Office.. definitely worth a try!I must have driven by this place a million times and I'd never been in to check it out.  A million and one was one too many, though, so tonight I dropped in and took my place at the counter.  The kitsch is arguably worth the price of admission.  This place cultivates a super cool vibe, by not cultivating anything at all.  It's like what you want Johnny Rockets to be (but it so isn't).The biggest choice you're faced with right off is the sirloin or hickory burger.  I went with the hickory because it sounded snazzier.  The fries were pretty bland (probably engineered for ketchup people) but the burger was quite tasty.  The menu claims there's some secret sauce on it, but it looked a lot like ketchup to me.Anyway, the burger was fine.  Nothing too exciting, but satisfying.  Next up...the apple pie.  Come on, I had to try it, right?I went ala mode (as the French say) with the whipped cream for good measure.  The pie showed up and it was definitely pie.  Messy friggin' pie.  Sadly, it was just OK.So, what can I say.  After so many drive-bys I really had high hopes for the Apple Pan.  I was left feeling that it was an adequate meal, if a tad expensive.  You can do better for burgers and better for pie - although maybe not together.This place is completely overrated... just because it's old, quaint and a lot of locals go to it doesn't mean it has phenomenal burgers, though a lot of LA seems to think so.It's a good burger, slightly better than average in fact... but it's way too expensive for what it is.  Fries were plain.  Barely any seating, it's tight, and you smell like you cooked your own burger.Yeah, I haven't been back and I haven't regretted it.I recently paid my first visit to The Apple Pan. The atmosphere was much more welcoming than other burger hot spots like the original Father's Office in Santa Monica. Snagging a seat at the counter didn't prove too difficult, even though the restaurant was packed during dinner. My friend and I watched the orders being cooked and were convinced that the secret menu had much more to offer than we thought, and the waiter told us we were wrong. We both ordered hickory burgers, which were great. The flavors weren't disguised by all the bells and whistles that other burger joints have. The burger, for me, was between the quality of In-n-Out and Father's Office. I will definitely be going back.In n Out beats the burgers here by a country mile, but that's not why you come. It's unapologetically an old LA experience consisting of soda, pie, burgers and fries. Minimal customer service, and cash only. Of the two burgers served, go with the Hickory. Chocolate cream pie is a favorite of mine; they have it here, alongside banana cream, apple, berry etc. Take one to go --  lots and lots of people come in to do just that.Contrary to the list of 99 things to eat before you die...I would only recommend the Hickory Burger if you really like BBQ sauce. Otherwise, I'd shoot for the Steak Burger instead. And either way, prepare for tons of relish!! Oh, and an insane amount of iceberg lettuce also gives the burger a nice crunchy texture...and fools you into feeling a little better about eating something oh so bad :)Love the atmosphere, the meat was good (although a little thin), and overall, an enjoyable place to have a burger. Fries were also hot to order, standard but fresh and delicious. Cash only place...but theres a BOA atm in the mall in case you forget!Oh, and although it's not on the menu, you can also order a regular burger as well.I had the Steak Burger and it was pretty good. I was a little surprised it had relish in it but I just wiped it off a little and my burger was fine. This place is interesting...it's a diner style and you wait until you can sit down based on space, first come first served. It's cash only as well. The way they serve soda is cute, they use a paper cup (the v shaped ones) and put it in this metal holder. Everything is definitely old fashioned, which gives character to the place. One thing, you must try the banana creme pie, its DELICIOUS!Great food! Got the steakburger with no cheese, and a hickoryburger with cheese. Both were very tasty. If u like it lighter, then the formal would be your choice. If you like it packed with flavor, go with the latter. Their fries were very crispy and well done. We also got a slice of applepie with ice cream. They sure  were generous with their portions. Their services were quick, very attentive to your needs, with no too much small talk or awkward needs to make eye contact with the waiters. They just leave u alone and came to u when ur cups are empty, need something and give it to u...quick!Ground sirloin w/ Tillamook.  Step into Mayberry, filled w/ robot chefs and Ozzie and Harriet food.  One of the best burgers in LA.  Shoot, I really can't name many better ones.  In N Out's always good.Try going there an off hour or getting it to go.DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE!This place is yet another overly hype eatery in LA.I had a steakburger and it was good, but not 6.95 good.  I mean this place  tries to give you an impression of a "back home" diner, but the prices don't match.  On top of that, they put this gross concoction on the burgers that they call thier "special sauce".  Its really nothing special. The apple pie looked good and my friend said it was ok.  But i guess nothing to rave about, as some people here seem to think it is.Service is prolly the only thing worth going for.  Not that its amazing service, but cause its hilariously unreal.  The guy that was behind the counter was stuck in a 1920s diner.  Prepared to be rushed on your order (though there isnt much of a selection).   Seating is also difficult on a busy day as there is only a "counter to sit at with roughly 20 seats.Overall- decent burgers and pie, but you most likely will be disappointed.Went here with a friend to avoid rush hour traffic and was pleasantly surprised at this throwback diner that served juicy burgers and crunchy fries and my diet coke in a charming metal cone cup.  I would definitely call this place one of LA's hidden treasures...Bon apetit!4 Stars only because of limited seating. I had a big group of friends with me and it was already packed, so we had to walk across the street to sneak into the already closed mall and eat at 2 of the tables. But anyways... The burgers are delicious, you watch them make them right in front of you, and theyre pretty big burgers. I also got the slice of apple pie, and that was alright. It was super juicy so when we were running across the street it spilled in the bag. But the ice cream scoop was still intact and that was tasty. :)So I come here for the first time after hearing great things about it. First impressions - i dig the throw back counter dinning, everyone govern themselves about seating because there is no hostess and no list to say who was first. The old school cash register adds a nice touch.We finally sit then order the original burger and fries came out to be about $10. The fries were under cooked for my taste, I probably should have asked for them cooked longer. The burger was smaller then I'd expected it, like everyone says lots of lettuce. It was good reminded of me of IN N OUT. I dont' think that's what you should be thinking about if you're paying $10 for a burger and fries. Don't get me wrong the burgers were good, but if lets say if the meal was only $6 then I'd probably give it more star.If I wanted to pay $10 for a burger I'd rather go to father's or the counter.Old school burger place with a simple menu & limited seating.The Hickory Burger can be a bit messy with the hickory sauce, but it's oh-so-yummy!  Drinks are also served in one of those paper sno-cone cups - fun! Service is fast! fast! fast!  You're out the door as soon as you pop that last bite into your mouth.Simple diner, fresh ingredients.It took some doing to get me into this joint. I heard it from an old UCLA alum, who's about 70 years old telling me about this place. Apparently, it was THE place to get burgers around UCLA and if you wanna know where it is, just ask any frat boy and he can show you the way. I had the hickory burger and it was delicious and juicy with fresh lettuce and toppings. The steak burger is pretty good as well. The fries were standard and went well with the burger. And to get the whole experience, I got the apple pie and it was decent, but not spectacular. Pretty good burgers and standard fries...beats In & Out any day! It's cash only, so be warned and don't expect "service with a smile," these people do what they do best and they're fast, efficient, and get the job done. There's usually a line to wait, but it's not really organized, so know your place to avoid unnecessary grumblings. Parking can be a pain since it's only street parking, but you can always park at Westside Pavilion and walk across the street.Mmm....burgers!Went here today... burger was 6.50i had a steakburger, light relish, no pickles, well-done fries, SOS (side'o'sauce) and a bottled root beer.Walked in about 12:45 so i expected a longer wait... After about 10 minutes i had a seat, all the seats were full and there were about 3-5 people hovering around at any one given time waiting for another.5-stars for the Perfect Well-Done Fries...  i am avid about my well-done fries... i had limp white-ish so-called fries...   i like them golden-brown, maybe a little more brown-ish then golden, but lets call it a deeeep golden-brown... The outside of the fry is so crispy and it crunches audiably and the inside is somewhat to fully crispy as well.   I also like the fact that there is no salt on their fries, as much as i love salt, i'd prefer to cut it out as much as i can, espically when i'm not even noticing it (cause' of the side'o'sauce).  I love their burgers, they are not super thick or large size, but they are filling with some fries (at least IMHO).  I'm not a super big fan of iceburg lettuce, but they seem to layer it nicely or peel it off the head.  There is a dense amount of lettuce in a small package that gives it a very nice crunch and cool side to the piping hot burger as well.  I prefer light sauce or light relish no matter which burger i get, don't get me wrong, i love the flavor of them but i like more of the meaty flavor and feel that too much sauce can give it an overpowering flavor. The "sauce" seems to be a distant reletive to a common cocktail sauce.  There is definetly a texture to it, and a ketchup base, as well as some other spices blended in.  But it is tasty, if not on the burger, totally on the fries.All in all, 2 burgers, 2 drinks and 1 fries came to 20$ and change... not too bad i sayThe Apple Pan is like the definition of a solid solid four stars, going onto the fifth one.  I've been frequenting this place for over a decade now and not one thing has changed at all.  In fact, I suspect nothing's changed for the last five decades.  Burgers always the same.  Your soda consumed from a papery paper cone, resting in a metal cone-holder.  Your fries, delicious as ever.  Seating obviously is difficult, as there's only limited counter seating.  Still, I've been here with up to four people and we always find seats together in up to 20 minutes, usually much sooner.I hesitate to note that I've never had a slice of their apple pie.  Well, let's pray the next time I go, I don't feel like such a fattie after my meal and can order a slice, if only to update my review.delicious  -- fresh -- no frillsThere's only counter seating, but I noticed quite a few people come in to pick up their call-in orders, which is genius. The 10 minute awkward standing wait in the corner was totally worth it.The service was QUICK! Fries were a little overly crispy for my tastes, but still good. I got the hickoryburger -- now that's what I call a burger. The bun was soft and buttery, meat was cooked to perfection (not overdone), nice thick bed of crisp lettuce, Tillamook cheddar cheese worth the 50cents extra. The sauces and fresh ingredients come together so well in a perfect harmony.I tried the apple pie just because the word apple is in the name... I don't even like apple pie. But this one deserves a thumbs up from me!The next time I am craving a burger, I know The Apple Pan will hit the spot :)What a rad little spot.Hickory burger ranks up there as one of the best burgers I've ever had. Slightly overpriced, but the food was great and I loved the ambiance. Bar seating only, cash only.As been said by others, it's simply way overhyped.I've gone there several times, and food wise, I've never been disappointed per se, but I mean, each time I've gone, I've spent way over $40 dollars for only 3 people.$40 dollars for three people is outrageous when we're talking about a burger that is arguably just as good as let's say In n Out, Fatburger, or other very good, and very high quality burger joints.Apple Pan's food is definitely on the good to great side.  But quite frankly, it's just not worth it at all.If I had a choice to go to In n Out and Apple Pan, I think 98 times out of 100, I'll choose In N Out.  Just because it's just way to expensive for what it is you're getting.So unless you are an out of towner who just wants to "experience" something different and see an LA historic place, I say, PASS.You can tell this place has been around for a while, and if luck will have it, will continue to be around long after all the other suburban monuments of West LA go away.The Apple Pan is a charming little burger joint with a very small menu.  I'm guessing this hasn't changed since the place was founded, IMHO.  Situated in a small house-like structure, when you walk in you'll quickly see that seating is limited to a big U shaped counter that circles a central kitchen area, where hard working line cooks are furiously churning out baskets of fries and burgers like a Malaysian Nike factory.  There's almost always a line of people waiting for a seat so be prepared to hang out at least 20 min or so, especially if you bring a few people with you.  My advice, this is the type of place for only twosomes to go, any more will just get in the way of being seated and enjoying their food.They have exactly 2 kinds of burgers: the classic steak burger and their hickory burger.  Being my first time I decided to go with the classic original, a side of fries and an IBC root beer to wash things down.  They serve everything on disposable cardboard plates so you can tell immediately how low frills this place is, but that isn't a bad thing.  I got a big heaping plate of fries which I didn't even finish and the root beer was served in the bottle along with a office water-cooler style paper cup in a cute metal cut holder.  Interesting, guess they dont have to worry about hiring a dishwasher at all.The burger itself was quite good, they dont ask how you want your burger cooked, to my surprise, althought I suppose if I chose to specify they would honor it, but it was cooked just fine, about medium well.  My only gripe with the presentation was the half head of lettuce they sliced in half and seemed to shove whole into my sandwich.  While I have complaints about how it tasted, I'm reluctant to agree with some of my fellow yelpers and call this the 'best burger in LA'  sorry but a few other gourmet burger places occupy that title in my heart.  Still being literally in my neighborhood (I drive by this constantly) I'm willing to give it another try when convinient and go for the Hickory burger next.After hearing SO MUCH good about this place and constantly passing it by as I drive down Pico, I thought It was finally time to give it a try. I must say that I was pleased with the burger, but I was not overly enthusiastic about it as some others are. I must say I have had better, but I have also had much much worse. In short the burger was plenty good, but it wasn't the kind of burger that I'm rushing back to try. The service was friendly but very short and quick and the atmosphere was nice but crowded and almost rushed.If you've never had the apply pan I do recommend you try it for your self, but as for me, I've got plenty of other burger joints left to cross of my list, I probably wont be back here for awhile.This was my second time at Apple Pan. I got the Hickory burger and fries. It's really just okay. Nothing amazing and the meat doesnt have much flavor. The burger isnt bad but there is definitely no wow factor. Very plain ingredients and the lettuce is bigger than the actual meat patty.  The hickory sauce is different and I dont think I have tasted something like it before, but not good enough for me to crave it. The place is adorable though. Feels cozy and like you are back in the 50's with their cash register and decor. Its also got that neighborhood burger place feel with only a few items on the menu. I will try other burgers places before coming back but since its an LA staple.....I am glad I am came, I conquered and I left.WHAM BAM THANK YOU MA'AM how i love thee APPLE PAN!johnny rockets jacked their idea from this place with bottomless pits of hickory burgers that could make my tummy growl even after the largest of meals. i would like to teleport there right now please.The banana creme pie is chock full of fresh bananas! It's fantastic! I wish the pie crust was a little more sugary and crisp, but it's still fantastic because of the generous amounts of bananas piled into the pie. I'm not a big fan of their coconut pie, and on most days I visit, they are out of banana. The fruit pies are good too, but they're not my cup of tea. I sometimes call ahead to make sure they have banana creme pies left before I venture out to the little burger dive, they only make certain pies on certain days. This place is always packed when I go, and they even run out of hamburger buns (still ate the burger on white bread, but really, it's not the same). It's funny, but even though the seating is poor, the service is meh, and the cleanliness is unspeakable, I visit quite regularly. The greasy little burgers are good, but the banana pie is truly addictive.Went here with some theater company members for a late night pie run.  The verdict:  their Banana Cream Pie is AMAZING.  Just the right balance of sweet.  I was licking my chomps.  Didn't order a meal, but boy did it smell great.  Took a bite out of my friend's burger, and that one bite made me want to come back another time to try it.  From that one bite, I took home a memory of very tasty meat with the thrill of a classic diner smell and feel.Downsides: cash only, very little sitting spaceWill definitely try to come back when I have some cash on hand.I really don't love this place like everyone else I know, but I don't dread coming here. I think it's because I like a little twist with my food, and everything here is just too boring! The fries are alright, though. But the fact that I have to drink out of a paper cup doesn't thrill me.Also, these people need a get a freaking sign in sheet! It's really not that had to get a piece of paper! I hate having people hovering over me and my food. I swear the next party takes your seat before you can get your right butt cheek off of it.I love pie and I hate driving. I have gone here about a half dozen times in hopes that the last time was a fluke. I have given up on going.Attempt #1I arrived around 9 PM. They had no more pie that wasn't fruit pie. I wanted cream pie. I left.Attempt #2The hamburger gave me food poisoning. The chocolate cream pie was good, not spectacular and it came back up with the hamburger.Attempt #3The banana cream pie looked like it was sitting out way too long. The banana slices were a sickly grey and the cream was low to the banana ratio.Attempt #4 and Attempt #5 - see Attempt #3Attempt #6The coconut cream pie tasted like something I could pie from Ralph's. And I mean in the hostess aisle.Is this the best burger in L.A.? That's certainly a fun debate to have. For now, I'll definitely say The Apple Pan should be part of that discussion. Had to try the Hickoryburger, after hearing so much about it. Happily, it lived up to the reputation. It is a simple, all around good burger -- great BBQ sauce, good cheese and a tasty, satisfying patty. Fries are ok ... not bad, not amazing. If you like your fries well-done, you might be a fan. And of course the pies are a must-try . Managed to try both the apple pie and the banana cream -- possibly the best banana cream pie I've ever had! There is something charming about the kind of place that has a simple philosophy of keeping menus simple and doing a few things very, very well. The simple, diner ambiance is a great low-key place to grab a very tasty meal. Worth going back to again!This place is old school. It's diner style with seats surrounding a giant U shaped counter. The waiter looks like he has been working there for the last 30 years. The menu is super basic. You're pretty much getting a burger at this place and it doesn't even come on a plate. Just wrapped in paper. After taking the first bite, I nearly ordered a 2nd burger. Probably good that I didn't since a good burger is never necessary. You know how I know this place is truly old school? It's been around forever and could definitely sell beers, but doesn't.My friend and I came here for pie and I was completely underwhelmed. I ordered apple, she got the banana creme. I can make a better apple pie at home. The crust was slightly burned, and the filling was tart, dry and mushy. The banana creme was okay, but I didn't think it was anything to write home about. The total for two pies a la mode, with tax and tip, came out to $20. Way overpriced for what we got.Service was fast and friendly, so they get an extra star for that, but we won't be coming back, at least not for pie.UPDATE    As of this date  2/23/14 "Sunny" at the Apple Pan has not sent me my refund.  Buyers Beware - check every item of your to go orders. They will take your money, and give you nothing. The have no integrity with regards to making good on their word. I do not appreciate being ripped off by the Apple Pan.Over rated and over priced pies. Staff wasn't very friendly but they served me quickly and exchanged my burnt fries for some tastier ones. I ordered the hickory burger. The meat was surprisingly original (very hickory) and tasty. I listened to yelp and ordered a $6.25 slice of banana creme pie...no bueno. It was good (especially w/ icecream) but waaaay over priced/hyped. I'd only recommend the burger here. Pass on the fries. 3 stars for that.Went there with Nate M. on our lunch break only because I found a parking spot right outside.  Since it was only 12 noon, we didn't have to wait for a seat.  The gruff guy behind the counter waited impatiently and took our order (Hickory Burger, Fries, Coke).  The fries came right away and the burger soon after.  All told, we spent about 15 minutes there.It was a bit of a whirlwind experience.  The burger was very good, but not the best in town IMHO.  I would probably be back if I found the same parking spot and I didn't have to wait.THE ultimate venue to compete w/ kids for seats on the Westside.Devour a ridiculously satisfying hickory burger followed by root beer and a slice of pecan pie a la mode to live an improved version of In-n-Out Heaven.This burger is not for everyone!WHY I DIDN'T LIKE APPLE PANI have to admit, I first went to the Apple Pan and I personally was not very impressed. Mostly because of what I expected of a really great burger... juicy, with lots of fresh tomatoes and the works. The Apple Pan has no tomatoes and since I love tomatoes on a burger it immediately put me off. My first instinct was... "What kind of a burger is this?".WHY I GREW TO LIKE ITBecause I lived so close I kept going back, I think mostly for the atmosphere, fries and the pies (I'll talk more about that below). After about three visits, I stopped anticipating the burger in my head and started enjoying the burger that they offered. Once I did that, it all changed for me. Now I have been going to The Apple Pan for about 10 years now and it is clearly one of the best burgers around, with a style that's one of a kind.COMPARISONSAlthough In'n'Out is good, it is not even half the burger from Apple Pan, based on the quality of the meat alone.IT'S A CLASSICThe Apple Pan was established about 1946 and has been around for some time, so that should say a lot. It is in the caliber of Philippe's in downtown, The Pantry, The Old Farmers Market, etc.EXTRASYou obviously have to try their apple pie, which is really good, but if you hate (yes, hate!) banana cream pie, like I did (before trying Apple Pan's) then you have to try theirs... THEY HAVE THE BEST! Banana Cream pie you could ever imagine with whole bananas, just the right amount of cream... but don't try to imagine, that's how I almost missed out from the beginning, just go try it.Great hickory burgers,fries, and slices of pie. This place is always slammed, its hard to find parking and its counter eating only and takeout. But that being said I still totally love this place. The food is just awesome grease but quality grease! The parking can be quite difficult as its mostly packed. Sometimes you can wait quite a while for a seat at the counter.  And its fairly pricey for a burger, fries, a drink and a slice of pie its gonna run you around $15. But I still totally love this place!Good burgers, very simple and oldskool setup with only a counter to sit, cantankerous old "what'll ya have?" guy at the counter, and they take only cash.My cheeseburger was great, and the fries were pretty good.  Mr. Cantankerous kinda bugged me when I first arrived with a group of friends - apparently he didn't like people standing around, wanted us to Sit Down.  Also slightly perturbed that it was like cash only.So, firstly: large groups are a bad idea. and bring cash.But the food was good, and I even had some pumpkin pie that was decent.  I liked that Mr. Cantankerous went around to everyone offering ketchup, and if you accepted, he put a little paper plate in front of you and poured it out for you.Right from the start, I'm going to say that I'm not an Apple Pan diehard.  Many people claim it to be one of the best burgers in LA, but to me, it was, well, plain.  Simple is good, but I wasn't expecting plain.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad.  It was just okay.I wouldn't mind going to Apple Pan if I'm in the area and had an urge for a burger or a pie.  But I wouldn't trouble myself to go there even from Culver City.  And this comes from a Pasadena resident that would go all the way to Newport Beach to eat at his favorite Sushi joint.  An In-n-Out burger would be just fine.  If I wanted a burger with some "wow" factor, I'll mess around with the countless possibilities at The Counter, or have a kick-ass burger at Blue Dahlia.Went on a Friday  night and had to wait a bit for seats. We were a big group, so all divided up and although there were many people waiting, the actual wait time wasn't that long. They move people in and out pretty quickly.I ordered the Hickory Burger. I thought the sauce was good, but kind of overwhelming - too much of it. The burger was good, nothing that impressive. But what killed me was the fries.  Hands down the best fries I have ever had.  I could get over the burger, but the fries were incredible.  Slightly overcooked and greasy as hell - but so tasty.I stopped by to chat with friends at the opposite end of the place. I mentioned that the fries were the best I'd ever had. My friend thought I said "pie was the best I'd ever had"...so he ordered pie and was disappointed.  He then went out to his car to find two parking tickets.  So his night sucked.Ah well. Knocked another place off my list. It was good. The entertainment was the grill behind the counter and the gruff servers. Don't know why but I had a crush on our 60-something waiter.  I've got issues.Anyways.  If it weren't for the fries, it would probably be a 2-star rating, but overall a solid 3-star rating.Dear Apple Pan,I really want to try liking your. Your atmosphere is so quaint and festive I enjoy eating at your establishment... I just don't enjoy your burgers that much. Maybe its me, maybe I have deep rooted grudge against apples I'm not aware of. I've even ordered a whole pie from your place and I came up unimpressed along with my family one holiday season.Sorry,EdA busy American diner offering a taste of the past with their signature burgers and fries.Made to order, these are well made burgers best washed down with a root beer and finished with one of their popular desserts.Parents bring their children who in turn will one day bring their own children to this Los Angeles classic.  The atmosphere is light with the hustle and bustle of hamburger making centered around a counter with stools all around.  The place is small and cozy.  The servers will expect you to know what you want, so don't linger otherwise you'll be waiting for them to come back around to you after they get through the rest of the crowd.  Parking is limited and the place can get crowded during meal times.  The prices are bit high for burgers but then again it doesn't appear to deter the crowds of people that regularly eat here on any given day.Came here way back and beat the crowd so we grabbed a free spot. The server was a cool old veterano looking guy who was really friendly and was funny when he told some lady, " there's an ATM across the street, Cash only".I think I had the hickory burger and when I was almost done with my fries, the guy threw em away by mistake and when i noticed he gladly brought me a fresh batch. The pie was okay.It was okay to try this place out, but i can make a similar burger at home, where there is rarely a line to get a seat.I know this place has a lot of history and all, and in my quest for the perfect burger I had to stop at this LA landmark.  After all, I even asked "chacha" (the 242242 text thing) what the best burger in LA is, and they texted me back that Apple Pan is one of the highest rated places.I got the hickory burger and fries.  The burger comes with a LOT of lettuce and pickles, no tomato or onion.  Yeah, this is when my doubts started...The hickory sauce is like ketchup, only a little sweeter and tangier, but still pretty close to ketchup.  Nothing special.  And while the hickory sauce did work well with the pickles, overall I just wasn't very impressed.  The fries were whatevers.  Forget hickory/ketchup sauce, I would take In-N-Out over this place any day!This is an experience, you have to sit at the counter and typically wait for 1/2 an our or more.  The menu is ridiculously limited.  Still it has a lot of character and ambiance.French fry review:They make a lot of fries and while they appear fresh, they are not particularly tasty and have no skin and are too thick to be reasonably crispy.The hickory burger is delicious! I always get it with double cheese, fries, and a root beer. I feel like I can eat a second burger, but I resist. Any of their pies are a great way to complete your meal. With that said....I hate the drive from Glendale, I don't like their limited seating, and I hate the drive back. The service is...different, but cool.The EndDelish! But it loses two stars because the old man is mean and purely money interested. He tried to rush me and when I asked for the swiss cheese option, I asked if it was a burger and he replied: "HOW CAN THAT BE A BURGER IF IT'S THREE DOLLARS LESS?!: Dang, old man. I'm talking about the tall old white man. Everyone else I've had there is really nice. Parking annoying. Cash only.I'll come clean and say that I'm biased in liking this place since the cheeseburger here comes from a recipe from someone in Cleveland (so says the menu).  That being said, this place really holds its own against a lot of what I consider to be trendy burger places (which I also like).  Places like Father's Office, Umami Burger are definitely good, but there's something to be said for a no frills place like Apple Pan that has been sticking to the same formula for years.The burger itself is cooked perfectly -- somewhere between medium-rare and medium.  I'm usually not one to like relish, but the sweet relish they use on their cheeseburger is really tasty and I find myself liking it quite a bit.The only really downside is how tight the seating is and how long you have to potentially wait for. It's definitely like stepping back in time when you enter the diner.  No trip to Rancho Park is complete without stopping here.No joke, the burger I had here a couple weeks ago is still making me drool. I'm not talking about, "Mmm, that was filling," or, "That wasn't half bad." I'm talking about, "Holy sh*t, I don't remember it being this good."Maybe it was a cosmic alignment. Maybe it was because I came when it wasn't slammed with people. Maybe my taste buds have shifted toward West LA.In the end, I'm almost positive it was the best burger I've had in the last decade. I think it was the pickle relish. And FYI, I had the pie finally. Pecan, to be exact. Also of holy sh*t status.I didn't realize this until I left, but there are absolutely NO WOMEN working at this place.  This is yet another reason why Apple Pan reminds me of the 30's...I gave this place a fair chance.  I ordered the burger, fries and soda.  Everyone else must have access to the hidden menu because I didn't find anything AmAzing about this place.The first time I walked by it, I was confused... I wasn't sure what this place was, though I was kinda craving something with Apples and Cinnabon... Fortunately it wasn't anything like that.We went on inside and found were still confused... "What is this place?"  I think we stood and observed what was going on for about 10 minutes and then realized... "Oh, its a burger counter joint..." So we sat down and though there's not much on the menu... we took some time.In the end it was a great experience.  I like retro/eclectic things and this place took it back to... the civil war era for me.  I remember it kinda being dark inside, but it had its charm.I loved how the food is made in front of you and served right to you.  How the drinks are served was pretty unique as well.  The food was great.  If you want rustic basic burgers without all the "special sauce" and different "styles" this will satisfy.  Its good, basic and simple hamburgers that you'd expect from olden times.  The desserts were good too.  I had the banana cream pie.  SO GOOD!After shopping at Westside Pavilion, I yelped for a nearby restaurant and The Apple Pan came up with 750 reviews, 4 star average.  Hmm...somewhat interested.  After quickly glancing at the reviews I saw that Huell Howser has been here.  Hmmm...definitely interested.  **FOOD**I sat down and ordered 2 diet cokes and a plate of fries.  I love the wax paper cups with holders that they serve the drinks in.  Once the fries came out, our waiter kindly squirted ketchup on a plate and we dug in.  Wonderful french fries.  Next, we asked our waiter for his recommendation and he suggested that we get one of the steakburgers and one of the hickoryburgers and split them so we could taste both.  I have to say, the burgers were excellent...I am still torn between whether I think the steakburger or hickoryburger was better.  Even though, I had no room in my stomach, we ordered the apple pie with icecream and ended up eating the entire thing...darn good!  What a great spot! **SEATING SITUATION**So, we waited behind the seated customers and there were about 3 -4 other parties of 2 or 3 waiting.  Slowly people would get up and the other folks waiting would sit.  A bunch of new people came in after us and I overheard someone say "...yeah it's open seating...grab what you can," even though I know it was first come, first serve..  If you are a party of 1, you will probably have the shortest wait.  When there was one couple in front of us before our turn, a total of 4 seats right next to each other opened up.  So knowing that 2 of those seats would be mine, I walked over and sat down.  Unfortunately, the couple ahead of me was either too slow or not paying attention and the couple that came in after me took the other 2 seats.  After a great meal, the lady who was before me and missed her seats, rudely came up to my husband and I and made a snide and very rude comment along the lines of "...if you knew anything you would know that it's first come, first serve...so next time you come don't cut in front of people."  My husband, the waiter and myself all looked at each other like WTF?  We gave her a blank stare as she walked away because she obviously was misinformed and why she waited until after she ate to approach us was soooo annoying.  What I wanted to say to her, but refrained from doing so, was "...sorry byatch, this is our first time here, but by looking at your fat a$$, I can tell you eat here quite frequently.  i know it's first come, first serve, but unfortunately because you are a heffer you were too slow to get your butt over here before another couple took your seats, so don't blame us."  Bottom line on seating: Pay attention to who is in front of you and who comes in after you.  Watch the ENTIRE restaurant for seats that come up.  Be proactive and aggressive about grabbing a seat.5 stars because there isn't one thing I didn't like about this place.French fries: Delicious, and perfectly cooked.Hickory burger: Delicious, and juicy and quality and filling... and I could keep gushing.Apple Pie a la mode: Delicious, and warm and cinnamon-y.Guy behind the counter: Awesome, and working his butt off. Seriously, give that guy a raise!Apple Pan is my favorite place of all time.  It's just so ahhhh-mazingly done right.  The place has been open for over 50 years and their establishment feels and looks as if not one thing have change in its years.  I usually order the famous hickory burger, french fries, and of course a coke, you can not have burgers without coke.Delicioso!If you want to go back in time for a good burger, Apple Pan is the place! It's hard to think of a better combination than a burger, fries, Coke, and apple pie. And when the food is as fresh and tasty as this place, it makes it even better!The layout of the place is a little strange. It's essentially one large counter surrounding the place. Makes it hard to go with a bunch of people since it's typically packed. The plaid on the walls is hilarious and a great touch showing how old-timey this place is. The service is unbelievably fast and if for some reason you do have to wait, trust me, it's worth it. The burgers and pie taste like something you would have eaten at a BBQ as a kid. Real homemade goodness, nothing like a fast food burger. The old school flair continues in everything from the cash register to the staff to the paper cups. Only downsides are the lack of seating, the seating style and line make you feel rushed to eat, the prices are a little on the higher side, and I don't believe they take credit cards. Either way, this is a burger place that is worth every penny.Good solid burger and fries. I had the Hickory burger with cheese, and it was satisfying without being too greasy. I love in-n-out but sometimes it leaves me with a bit of a tummy ache. Not so here. Also I wasn't sure if the sauce would be too much (I don't like anything too sweet on my savory) but it was just fine, tangy & complementary. Personally I like all the lettuce, gives it a good contrast of texture and overall taste of freshness to the burger. Fries were good but could stand to be cooked a bit longer, and I would share next time...portion was huge.Washed it all down with a coke and I was a happy camper. No room for pie. Next time!One of my all-time favorite spots.Saw it on a hamburger documentary before I moved to LA, and almost cried when I first saw it and went there. Did not dissapoint in any way.It's very simple, just burgers, a few sandwiches, fries, sodas, and pie a la mode.I like it even more because it is old-time original, having been there since at least 1947, because that's what the menu says. It's very small, just counter seating - WHICH I LOVE, because it's like being back in the 50's! Just two guys work the counter in restaurant whites. They're cranky and efficient, in the most perfect, cute way.You almost always have to line up around inside to get a seat, it's a first come, first serve kind of thing, but I've never waited for long.I've also gotten take-out, which was awesome, because no waiting.My favorite is the hickory burger. I support anything that is vintage, and one of a kind. LOV ES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So this place was on the list of "99 places to eat in LA before you die" and their hickory burger was the thing to try as recommended.  Man, my boyfriend and I were disappointed!!!! I could have definitely lived my life without trying their hickory burger and would not have missed a thing. Hickory burger: small patty, mild hickory flavor (I almost didn't realized my burger was hickory flavored), and the sauce was nothing special. Streak burger: tasteless patty, and a relish sauce that covered any possible flavor the meat could have had.  the only thing that left an impression was the service, but that was about it.I was in the area so I asked my sister where was a good place to eat.  She recommended I try the Apple Pan.I walk in through the front door and my first thought was "hey, another greasy spoon diner!" (Other ones I've been to have been Pie N Burger in Pasadena and The Pantry in Downtown.)Stopped dead in my tracks like a complete n00b as I was walking in, I shuffle over to the closest open seat I can find.Simple menu.  I recall there being two choices for burgers.  I picked the Hickoryburger with cheese.  While it was all tasty, the one thing that stood out was the lettuce.  Fresh and tenderly crisply.Bottled soft drinks served on ice in paper cups, held in cast aluminum cup holders.  I also got two slices of pie to go.  Had to try the apple pie and I picked up a slice of cherry for the brother-in-law since he was craving cherry pie lol.  That was pretty good too.  I was in luck because my sister had some ice cream to top it off.Can't wait to stop by for lunch again, even if it was a bit pricey for burgers and fries.I'm not much of a burger fan so i probably shouldn't talk about it... but the burger is pretty decent... lotsa lettuce, quality meat... a bit overpriced....what i do love about this place is the banana cream pie with the ice cream on the side!  order a whole one because it's pretty damn delicious!! YUMMMY!I've also tried the tuna salad sandwich.. it was good but i think next time i will tell them to add lettuce and make it a melt...there will most likely be a wait and parking is a pain sometimes but i think its definitely a place to try!  :)Second visit:+ Steak burger possibly better than Hickory Burger from first visit+ Server and cooks are still a delight!- french fries are edible but not crave-able- Apple Pie a la mode - the ice cream seemed to overwhelm the pie crust, so I will have to try again without it to give an accurate pie reviewI went here by the very persuasive suggestion from a friend, who has been an LA native for all his life. He explained to me before we went. "There are only two burgers, oh and it's cash only."So I'm not quite sure what to expect. I knew that it wasn't going to be a cheap burger like from In-N-Out, nor was I expecting a Kobe Beef Burger from Umami. I was mostly expecting the restaurant version of Carl's Jr.'s "Six-Dollar Burger." And I wasn't half wrong.The burgers: steakhouse/Hickory. Are plain and simple. Bun, meat, cheddar cheese (optional), lettuce, pickles, and tomatoes. The Hickory sauce on the Hickory, and the traditional mayo/ketchup combo on the steakhouse. Overall... pretty damn lame. The Hickory sauce made up for the lack of creativity/uniqueness to the burgers.The fries were also your typical restaurant quality fries. Again, nothing special. ('Cept for the price: $2.25) Good, but not anything to rave about. Although my friend did get his fries well done, and boy were they crsipy, and surprisingly delicious. I may have to try that next time.The biggest disappointment of all? The apple pie. Me, and my silly sunny disposition thought: "Oh well, it's called the Apple Pan, that must mean they're famous for their pies!" So yeah... the pie is $5.50 a slice. With an extra $2 for whipped cream or ice cream. A rip-off.I thought, "Hell, the pie should be good on it's own. No ice cream please." And was that a mistake. The pie was runny and kinda lacking anything special to it. In fact it wasn't any better than the store bought kind, heated and put on a plate. The crust had a slight cinnamon taste to it, which you would think would add to the dish, but no detracts, and just becomes another addition to the trainwreck that the pie is. If it weren't for the burgers and fries, I would've given it one star. Perhaps the cream pie is better?Did I step into a time machine? Oh... Nope, I gues I just crossed the street from the mall into The Apple Pan. Definite diner feel to this place with seating around the bar where they cook everything. Limited seating so you may have to wait. Remember to hit up the nearby ATMs because this place is CASH ONLY!I'll tell anyone I'm a total burger snob, especially since I don't eat them very often. Umami Burger has my heart with a kung-fu grip so I find it rare now to venture far from them. Heard a lot about Apple Pan and since it was within view of my holiday shopping we decided to walk through their old school swinging doors.I had the Hickory Burger which, as expected, has a hickory flavor mostly due to the BBQ sauce (which I regret getting on the side). Pretty delicious and cooked very thoroughly, perfect for me since I'm not a fan of rare burgers or any rare meat for that matter. No tomato on the burger, though, which I was slightly sad about.I would return again but their apple pie is in my sights for my second trip. I would find it hard to make this place a regular stop since 1) they only take cash which, seriously, who carries cash all the time anymore?... and 2) the price (about $7 a burger with cheese being extra) makes me miss having a good ol' In-N-Out burger for cheap.The Banana Cream Pie is so good!!The burgers are as good as I remember them to be but still overpriced. Reminds me of Shake Shack in NYC.This place has amazing meats and such great fries. But, to be honest, how can I enjoy a burger WITHOUT TOMATOES?! Their relish tomato sauce is pretty incredible. But for the price and for it to be such a dingy ass place - where I can feel the creepy man next to me breath and swallow - because it's so cramped, I don't want to pay 7+ dollars for a burger. I'll be happy to pay In-and-Out prices here or maybe I should just go to In-and-Out.A In-and-out Killer? Hardly even close. This place is wayyyyyy over-hyped and overpriced. Food: Tried the steak burger/Hickory burger, neither impressed meFries- was standard frozen bagged fries you get from the supermarketDrinks- No fountain drinks here, just canned sodaPies- Banana Creme Pie was probably the only highlight here. All this for $32 is pretty steep if you ask meDecor- Looked like they use 3M red scotch wallpaper for their walls. Old school white stools and counter seating only no table seating. The door to come in looks pretty beat up. I understand its a old establishment but Gee-golly Service- was okay. Slapping burgers in front of your face is another story. Parking-A few parking spots in the back, but most likely you will have to park in the neighborhoodI came here with a friend after an event at UCLA.  Not wanting a full meal, we opted for the places namesake item: two slices of apple pie with coffee.  So disappointed was my friend with the pie (among another thing explained below) that he who makes fun of Yelpers began to consider the benefits of going on a long tirade over his pie.While my friend may have been overly critical of this quaint diner on the west side, I can't say I enjoyed their pie that much either.  It smelled great but that was it.  It was a poorly flavored pie where the apples seemed to had lost any hint of natural sugar with no artificial substitution even attempted.  Where's the sweet?  To top it off, the coffee was forgettable, but I wasn't expecting a cafe.The other thing my friend was so upset about was that he could not see any hint of chili.  Yes, he had said he wasn't very hungry.  But when he saw the fries and then thought of chili fries, he became extremely disappointed with the fact that a chili topping to a fry order was impossible.  I guarantee that my friend will not return to Apple Pan anytime soon.   I, on the other hand, am still interested in offering a second chance.  Apple Pan can thank the many positive reviews here on Yelp for that.  But lets just say, I wont be ordering the pie next time.  Two-stars for now...Best burger in LA, period.  I'm partial to the Hickoryburger myself, but the Steakburger is just as good!  Part of what I love about this place, other than the old diner feel & extremely quick service, is the fact that they know the perfect burger comes naturally WITH pickles and WITHOUT (yuck) tomatoes (don't worry tomato lovers, they'll bring them if you ask). I also love that they serve you your piping hot fries while you wait for your burger, so each and every one is hot when you go to eat them and you're not worrying about splitting time with your burger.  To top off the meal, I recommend the banana cream pie, it's delicious!We came here to grab a quick bite because I was starving before a movie.  Didn't expect much, and this place impressed me!It's a very small burger joint with one big counter in a rectangular room with booths all around it.  It's a busy place where you seat yourself, and you have to raise your voice if you want to catch the busy workers' attentions.  Burger was delicious, and the atmosphere was surprisingly vintage for a business on Pico Blvd (which is their purpose).Warning: good place for dates or up to parties of three.  Big parties are not welcomed in this small, hectic burger joint with limited seating.My boss suggested that I try out their Hickoryburger. Yum. Very yummy. Their fries were a bit lacking, but the burger made everything okayThey are CASH ONLY - and there is a Wells Fargo across the street.Parking was crappy, but luckily I was there with a ballsy friend who decided to park at the Wells Fargo lot while the bank was still open.Anyway, I would definitely visit this joint again.Apple is the spot! I can't believe this place was featured on California's Gold with Huell Howser. Trip out on that. This place is soo old school that everything is pretty much the original when it opened in the 40's even the cash register is original. Even the workers have been here like 20-30 years. I can't believe that guy just figures out sales tax and the total amount in his without a calculator. Now many people in this day in age can do that. As far as their hickory burger, that sauce is pretty addicting. I don't what's in it but gets me coming back for more. Their home made fresh apple pies, I have no words to even explain how delicious that is. This is probably the oldest joint in the west side. The only drawback is waiting in line, they should have a sign up sheet or something but I know that they're never doing to do that so you just have to wait. At least the great thing is that people who come here are pretty courteous and respectful when waiting. Also recently I found out this place was filmed as the Peach Pit in Beverly Hills 90210. I don't really care for that show but the only thing I care about is how good this place is. Even the lines go until closing. So be prepared to wait but the line is not as bad as Pink though. At least your waiting inside.I get some people don't like this, but it does have it's appeal.  I don't like the seating, if it's crowded it's annoying, I try and go at off-times because of that.  The fact is, it's just awesome being handed fries and a burger literally JUST out of the kitchen.  Plus the food is just great, homemade tasting yet it ALWAYS is consistent.  It's hard to keep up both consistently good tasting food and service, and Apple Pan does both.The Apple Pan is definitely worth checking out if you haven't before. It has that old school diner feel that you just don't get around LA anymore. U-shaped bar seats and all the cooking done in the middle. Tonight we went post-movie at the Landmark for some Pecan Pie a la mode. So good. We shared one slice and tea and were satisfied. Ah. It was late so we didn't have to wait like you inevitable do during lunch and dinner times. On prior occasions I have had the tuna sandwich, fries, and banana cream pie. All good. They put a little too much tuna on the sandwich and it's kind of a pain that everything comes a la carte - making it too spendy. Fries can be shared and are always fresh - may need to add salt, though. The menu is severely limited for vegetarians. I think there is a cheese sandwich? Meat eaters have told me that the burgers are good. So if you're craving a burger and pie - do it. But be prepared to spend a little more than usual.A couple of other cons:Only a few parking spots so you have to find metered parking or park at Westside Pavilion (across the street). Cash only! They use old timey cash registers and handwrite all the orders.The banana cream pie? UNREAL, five stars!! I tried it last summer and will always compare all banana cream pies to this one. Amazing.Also they have one of the best tuna melts you can buy! Get it on Rye ;) YUMLegit, honest, and very comfortable.The place has a diner feel.Parking lot is very small so if you can't find any space don't worry just park on the streets.And basically how you seat yourself is hover around a person so scatter your group LOL.Waiters there are genuinely nice. I think it was cash only since they used old style cash registers.DO NOT go in large groups. Seating WILL SUCK. Otherwise, Hickory burger. mmmm mmmm mmm. It isn't big enough to fill a man's appetite, but it's good.I read about The Apple Pan in the Burger America book. It's regularly featured as one of the best burger spots in Los Angeles, if not the country.  My review: Five stars for the perfect, mid-century LA feel; 3.5 to 4 stars for the solid burger. If you like old school American diners, The Apple Pan is some form of holy grail. Everything is pitch-perfect. From the limited counter-only seating, to the rotating fans on the ceiling, the waiter with the white, 50s cap, the vintage cash register . . . etc. it's all there. I ordered the Hickory Burger with cheese, which was very good. In retrospect, I should have started with the steakburger, which is more straightforward and traditional. The Hickory had quite a bit BBQ-ish sauce on it. Not terrible, but it certainly washed out the flavor of the meat a bit. I thought the fries were very good.Nice experience and certainly worth the visit for any burger fan.  CASH ONLY!This place is a staple of LA.  It is a classic from the seating to the people serving you.  We had 3 burgers and 2 pies al a mode and came out to about $60.  We had to had to add it up and realize the server over charged us by $10.  Still $50 for 3 burgers and 2 pies seems a bit pricey.  It tasted good, but not $50 worth.  Glad we went for the experience, but probably will not return.Finally ventured out to Santa Monica and tried this burger place I've heard so much about. The place has an old school feel and look to it even down to their register. Seating were around the main grill (no back kitchen) They cook the food in front of u.Got the Hickery Burger which was good! It's good o'l simple burger. Nothing fancy smancy or over the top. Their Banana Cream Pies were yummy! Got that to share with friends and they were nice enough to help us split it. Definitely hit the spot for a burger crave. This place is CASH ONLY. uh!An Okay Burger When You're on the Run. Remember Cash Only.My food buddy and I tried this place out before we caught a movie. The service and food was very quickly. DAY VISITED: On a Wednesday evening around 6:00AMBIANCE: I like the uniqueness of the place. It is a diner and operates the same as it probably did back in the 50's. Not a lot of seating but you get served quickly so a seat is bound to open up real fast. ENTREES: Small menu has two types of burgers. We had the hickory burger. The meat was flavorful, but nothing to write home about. Fries were average, again nothing to write home about. DESSERT: We split an apple pie with vanilla ice cream, it was good. But, it could have been better. When we visited there were a few customers that came in just to buy a couple of whole pies to go. WHERE I STAND: It's okay. I would stop by again if I'm in the area. I wouldn't drive out of my way to revisit though. Unique atmosphere and unique clientele. What I do like about the place is that they have disposable plates, cups and utensils. As if their mantra was "We refuse to wash a dish." With clientele only staying on an average of 15 to 20 minutes washing dishes would require time. :) Smart.Seating is not exactly normal. Honor code, wait for stools to open and plop down at the counter.Then proceed to order the fries and whatever burger/sandwich you like.Then get a drink... if it's a soft drink it will be served in a fun little paper cone... like when you get shaved ice!Eat your burger. Savor every bite... then get a slice of banana cream pie.Go back to your car and discover the parking ticket you got because of the confusing signs. First sign reads "No Parking Ever"... second sign reads "Park for 2 hours M-F"... I don't know. I'm bad at reading LA street signs.Anyway. The hickory burger is really really good. Get it with cheese.Apple Pan has a large amount of loyal clients due to its personality and the quality of the food. That being said, this place is a legend. You come because you hear about it. This place is hyped.I understand why.This is one of the first cafes in Los Angeles. The dimmed lighting, unique seating, and the 60's vibe added to the unique atmosphere. From my experience there's no place like it.They pride themselves in perfecting simplicity. They have every right to. All ingredients added to the burgers, fries and pies made them excellent. Therefore, their food is in fact perfectly simple.There's a problem. It's good quality simple food. It's as if I went to a grocery store and bought an ordinary fuji apple for twenty cents. Then I went to Whole Foods, bought an organic fuji apple grown from a famous apple farm for a dollar. Of course the organic fuji apple tastes better, but is it so different that it's worth the extra eighty cents? If I didn't know that the Whole Foods apple had such a fantastic reputation and a hefty price tag, would I care that much about it? Just because it's expensive and famous, it's still a simple apple. So no.Same with this place. Although it mastered the simple hamburger, it is still only a simple hamburger. They reached the extent of excellence in a simple burger, but it only tastes like a better quality In-N-Out burger. I didn't think the burger was worth the extra $5, considering that there was nothing incredibly special or unique about their burgers.However, their pies were completely affordable/worth it. Come here for pies. Buy a whole one and take it home. In a busy town like Los Angeles, you cannot find high quality pies like theirs. In this sense, the pie is worth every penny they charge. If I come back here, I'd come for the pie. Nothing else.Hickory burger is delicious!  I love this place.I don't see what the excitement is here, first of all it is pretty small so it can get busy, the menu is limited and the it gets hot in there.  The hamburger here is just okay, really not that special.  Everyone else I went with felt almost the same, except for one person but this place had fond memories for her.  The service is okay, but really not that good for the price.  There are too many good hamburger places to choose from in la.I went to Apple Pan for the first time and was really excited about it because I heard so many great things about the food. I got the hickory burger and a slice of banana cream pie. I have to say this place is definitely over rated. The burger was eh. I've had better at in and out and I rarely eat there. Thank goodness for the yummy cream banana pie because I have to say the burger was not flavorful at all. :-( My mother in Texas also told me about this place because it was featured on the food network.  My first and my last time there. So disappointing. Oh, by the way, they only accept cash.This place hasn't changed in 50 years.  They use old style registers, they serve old style medium rare steak burgers, and their apple pie is gluten-full and thick.  You'll have a good time.  It's not the best burger I've ever had.  Not even close, but it's a far better burger than what you'll get a fast food joint.  It sits on a mountain of lettuce, has a nice char, and works well with their sweet-savory sauce.  The bun is soft and the ingredients are fresh.  I'm a fan.  Regarding seating--yes it's limited but I went on a sunday night and there were only a handful of people there.  So I had no problem.Simple and delicious.  Both the hickory burger and the steak burger are pretty tasty.    Absolutely no complaints about the portions.  Maybe not a great option if you're craving a gigantic belly-busting fancy-pants burger topped with foie gras, organic-free-range-sustainable-this-or-that, brioche bread, etc.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy gourmet burgers, but more often than not, I like to kick it old school.  The Apple Pan serves up unpretentious, classic burgers and fries at a decent price compared to other restaurants on the West side.How can this be not 4+ stars right now? I've travelled the world and live in NYC but I still come back to this place as soon as I land in LA. Its still the best burger in the world, in my mind.Many of my friends don't get it when I take them there, and I have to say it didn't blow me away the first time I had it, but three or so times later, I was obsessed. Try the Steakburger and the Hickoryburger. Both are amazing and different and so unique.For pie, the apple and banana cream are bomb.Yes, the customer service is lacking and its hard to get a seat at typical dinner and lunch times but its open pretty late so just go when its not crowded.This seriously is one of the few reasons I come back to this city. I wish they'd open one in NY.I wasn't a huge fan of Apple Pan.  I went a few nights ago before a midnight movie and was underwhelmed.  I've heard that this place was an LA staple because of how long it had been around, but this wasn't for me.The burgers were average didn't seem any different than what I could get at an In and Out Burger.  Actually, I think In and Out is a little better.  The fries were also nothing special.The old man who took our orders was by himself and hurried the whole time.  He threw one too many french fry orders on our bill and missed some of the substitutions to the burgers and drinks for my friends and I.I didn't get to try any dessert, but I hear that's the real winner here.  Jury is still out for me though!My parents took me here for my first time when i was 5 years old!! BEST TUNA Sandwich EVER!! SOOOOO BOMB!!!! Always stop in for lunch or to-go food if I'm in the area....a LA favorite of mine!!!Super friendly and the guys always poor my ketchup with a smilie face..its the little things that makes you like it even more!!The Apple Pan is a true Los Angeles old school favorite. Simple and amazing food!! EVERYTHING is awesome!! i tell everyone to go if they are in the area!! YUMMY PIE TOO!!!!Nothing good at Apple Pan but the burgers and banana cream pie? Ok, I guess I'll agree with that, but why would you go there for anything else? Made the mistake of ordering egg salad there once, but why bother? Stick to ordering what they're known for which is burgers, fries and pie-banana cream pie to be specific. So good in my opinion. The servers are a little rough around the edges but that's just kind of their thing. They're all about getting you in and out cause it's not a big place. There's no table seating, just a big counter, so there's always people standing around you waiting for you to finish, which is a little awkward. Not a place to take a friend to catch up and chat but definitely a great spot to grab a quick bite! P.S- street parking sucks and the small lot behind it is almost always full, but there's a garage right next door which is usually open and parking across the street at the mall.It took almost twenty years, but I finally tried the Hickory Burger! It has a nice, tangy BBQ sauce that isn't too salty. I like it better than the other burger on the menu. Everything else is the same as my original review.I would give this place 3 and a half stars because its super cute inside but the food is nothing special. This is how I would imagine in-n-out if it were a sit in restaurant back in the day. It's super quaint and seating is pretty much first come first serve. Once in a while people will be waiting for a seat but wait time is relatively short. Everyone sits in high stools along a counter and order up to a chef. My friends and I got a burger each and shared an apple pie slice. The burger had way too much lettuce inside and tasted, well, like a normal burger. We got the apple pie because we thought that was what it was known for, but it came out pretty watery with the juices leaking thinly out onto the plate. It was good, but I feel like I could get something better elsewhere.I was curious to try this place based on the mixed reviews. The short version is that the burgers are above average, the fries are okay, the dessert was excellent, and it was all a bit overpriced.As for the long version, my friend and I split a steak burger, a hickory burger, and some fries. We both ordered pecan pies for dessert. The steak burger was my favorite of the two burgers -- loved the sauce. The hickory burger I didn't like as much because the sauce was too sweet; I prefer BBQ sauce with more zest and spice. Both burgers were good. As some reviewers pointed out, the lettuce is too thick. You can just remove some slices or eat them separately and pretend you ordered a healthy salad. The beef tasted good and was thicker than I was expecting based on the reviews. Some people said they were In-n-Out sized. I disagree. They're not large by any means, but they're bigger than that.The fries were okay. Nothing memorable. If I come back here again, I would order two burgers instead of a burger and fries.The pecan pie was outstanding -- easily one of the best I've had all year. The dessert was actually my favorite part of the meal, which speaks nicely of the pie and not so great on the actual burgers.As for the price, it's too high for what it is. With double cheese, the burgers were over $8. Dessert was also $8. I forgot how much the fries cost, but I'm trying to forget about those fries in general. The burgers are good and the dessert was great, but it was too much for what it was.I'm not saying I wouldn't eat here again. I enjoyed my meal, even though it was overpriced. There are some stores in the neighborhood I enjoy and I would stop by Apple Pan again if I was shopping around (depending on the hour because seating can be a bear). That said, I wouldn't come this way expressly for Apple Pan.The steakburger was good, but the Hickory Burger was amazing. It felt like I was stepping into an old school diner. Be warned though, it's CASH ONLY.Solid burger.  Is it worth the crowds and the surly service?  Not sure.Just promise me whatever you do, don't ask the surly older gentleman that works at night to heat up your pie.  He said and I quote, "I don't what kind of place you think this is, but we don't have microwaves here!"  If I weren't afraid of getting stabbed I would have pointed out that the ovens that the pies were baked in would have been sufficient to heat them up.Great food, and a great restaurant experience in general. They just don't make places like this anymore...I had a hickory burger and my friend had a steakburger, both with fries, and both were delicious, if a little messy. Then again, I don't go to a burger joint for impeccable presentation. Loved the ambiance, it's like you can feel the history of the place just sitting at the counter. Will definitely be back to try the pie!I somehow made my way over to what to me felt like the other side of the universe...the morning after. Unfortunately this hole in the wall diner isn't conducive to the "I wear my sunglasses at night" look so I had to take mine off to reveal my red/tired eyes. I know I know.  Greasy burgers, greasy fries, thick milkshakes, and bar service (not that kind). Even though it sounds like it would be great hangover food...I would have to vote no. I wouldn't really eat this kind of meal without alcohol from the 10th cocktail from the night before coursing through my veins...so if you want a real burger (by real I mean not reminiscent of fast food) I suggest "Fathers Office" or "The Library."Classic burger stand that I am sure you have seen on the food network a few times.  What do you order?  Burger, fries and a coke please.  ** That would be the hickory burger **I like the waiters behind the counter here.  They are always nice and will sometimes help you out by pouring your ketchup and drink for you.Long waits can be common, so wear some good shoes because there are no seats to do this waiting in.  Everyone stands in the back of the bar stools waiting in the order they arrived.  The smaller your group, the better chance you have of eating before the sun goes down.The burger is good and consistent every time I go.  I do not think it is as good as it is made out to be, but it is a solid burger you will enjoy.Check it out.  Next time it is on TV, you can say, "I ate there!"Good job Apple Pan.I will visit again.Notes:     Kinda cool,but not all thatDo LA people even know what good food is?Overpricedis this really considered a great hamburger in LA?Pie is above average but way above average price. may as well go to Urth cafe or Susina or Milk or something....I'm kinda over the smart alecky oldtimer waiter thing-    OK, I do find my self going back to this old school hamburger joint- it kinda grows on you- but I still despise the grouchy old fart behind the counter. I thought his generation believed in good service and manners...the only people who think assholishness is charming are hipster kids who find so many things ironically cool....(you people are actually pretentious idiots)..My first time there the old dude is annoyed with me  because I don't yet know how to order perfectly according to his arbitrary and non-logical stndard:Me: "I'll take the burger with everything"Him: "Cheese?"Me: "No Cheese"Him: (Scolding me in an irritable tone) "That's NOT a hamburger with everything then."Me:(In a don't-fuck-with-me-oldtimer- I'm not some wimpy LA girly-girl who is afraid to leave a 6% tip, smile really big at you, say "Thank you so much!" walk out leisurely- AND come back again- only to sit in your section once-again and before you have a chance to forget me....Me:"Yes, that IS a hamburger, otherwise I would have ordered a CHEESEBURGER."Him: Mumbling something argumentative again!Me: Staying for hours and then doing the above.Pretty good place.  Often I have waited for my bus connection at Pico and Westwood and just sort of ended up in Apple Pan instead.  It's a disease, people.  It's called Panitis and there's no cure.  Pity me.The hickory burger has some nice smoke to it.  The burger is a thin-patty style burger.  It's not a big pile of meatiness.  The fries are nicely cooked and plentiful.  The pies are fantastic.  They touch the apple pie with a caramel sauce that will take you the distance.  Try to save room for it or take a slice to go.There's often a full counter with people waiting in the wings for seats.  I believe they are closed Mondays.  That hurts a little bit, but hey, I would take Mondays off if I could.  I feel you, Apple Pan.When Jonathan Gold says a restaurant is good, I usually believe him.But what was he thinking when he recommended the Apple Pan?the burgers were mediocre and far from amazing, or even plain ole' good. I wasn't digging the sauce. My mom's burgers are waaaaaaay better, maybe she should set up shop. Didn't even bother for the desert, which I'm sure we missed out on but I was hungry for a burger, not pie and ice cream. And I don't hit up restaurants specifically for their dessert, so I will probably never get to taste the pie since this was my first and last visit.the seating situation is different, and I wouldn't mind it so much if douchey westsiders were a little more, umm, considerate? god forbid. Or maybe I'm way too needy. Anyway, my boyfriend and I sat with 4 people in between us. They didn't even have their food yet and refused to slide over 1 seat so we could sit together.The servers, however, were friendly and very quick with bringing out the food. It wasn't absolutely terrible, but definitely not worthy of the hype. Personally, I'd rather go to In N Out.A very historic place that is a vestige of a bygone era.  The burgers are all the rage, and they are good.  They put on a kinda sweet hickory sauce.  Sitting at the counter is fun, with the service being a kind of hyper active dance where they pour your ketchup for your fries before you even know you need it.  But be prepared to wait for a seat unless you get there right when it opens.  You can order to go but make sure to call first so it's waiting when you arrive.  Parking can be a problem...don't forget to feed the meter.The hidden culinary delight of this decades old burger joint that refused to sell to developers is the tuna salad.  I think it's the best in the City.  It's  a very wet concoction with inches of fresh lettuce on rye bread.  Damn, damn good.Lastly, this place is also obviously known for its pie.  Hence it's name.  For Thanksgiving people order in advance for their pumpkin.  It's all good.  In short, you cannot call yourself a true Angeleno  unless you've been to the Apple Pan.  When I lived on the Westside some of my favorite afternoons involved golf at Rancho Park (another historic landmark) and then a feast at the Pan.  Enjoy!Apple Pan = old school deliciousness!The place was like being in a time warp, from the seats to the cone cups your soda is served in to the limited menu options of just 2 burgers to the old timers behind the counter serving up the chow.  The Apple Pan has a quaint charm that you don't find often in restaurants.It has been open for 60 years, for good reason.  Both types of burgers were awesome, but I was partial to the hickory burger.  And the fries were perhaps the most perfectly golden brown, evenly crisped fries I've ever had.  You could taste the freshness of each ingredient, too.I didn't have room for pie, but I'm definitely coming back to sample that soon.  The only downside was that we did have to wait for a seat but it was justifiable, especially on a Saturday night.Bottom line: if you have any respect for your gut, you'll feed it here.I'm writing this from my seat at the Apple Pan, waiting for the midnight show of the latest Harry Potter flick at the Landmark.This place is a gem, I can't believe I haven't discovered it before.  As everyone else has mentioned, it feels very authentic.  The food is good, the service efficient but kind.4-stars only because it had a B hanging in the window when I went.I think this place is OK.  Totally overrated though.  It's a cool joint, and it's got a lot of history.  However, it's overpriced, crowded and servers seem like they would be happier if you just left.  I'd suggest going to hamburger habit over this place anytime.  At the Apple Pan it seems like you are paying extra for the atmosphere and the limited seating.  I'd recommend checking it out, but I certainly wouldn't make it my regular supplier of hamburgers.This place left me violently ill for an entire night after eating their hickory burger, fries, and a few bites of chocolate pie last week.If you left disappointed or feeling ripped off and weren't puking your guts out a few hours later, consider yourself lucky. I will never go back.Who says there's no history in Los Angeles? Since 1947, the House that Martha (Gamble) Built gets 5 stars for having invented the burger-in-a-bag that has become the staple of chains like Johnny Rockets and In-And-Out. The restaurant is actually more famous locally for its amazing pies, served a la mode (that's with vanilla ice cream, for the uninitiated) on the slightest pretext. They are open until midnight, and the best time to get here is around 11pm, when you will most likely find yourself rubbing elbows with drowsy studio workers and wannabe celebrities. The place is tiny, with a single U-shaped bar for service, so you might have to wait. It will be worth it.Upon moving to LA, I made a point to trying all of the local favorite places for burgers.  These guys are pretty good and I would visit them again.  They're a tad pricey, which is a problem I have with burger glorification -- no ceiling for a type of food that has a limit to how creative you can get with a ground beef patty and a bun.That said, these guys are all right and worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.After a disappointing sampling at another burger joint, my buddy and I decided that we had to try something else.  Something that was also rated highly that can satisfy.  We hit up Apple Pan at 8pm on a Wednesday night.  It was busy but not crowded.  Great for us as we sat down immediately.  There are no tables.  The restaurant is one large counter around the open kitchen, much like a sushi bar.  The staff appear to be the same from decades past.  Happy to be there but ready to pounce on you if you don't know what you want.  (Think Soup Nazi + Charlton Heston + beer gut).  They were entertaining, accommodating, but losing their memory so you might have to repeat a few things and forgive the rest.  I hear the Hickory Burger can't be missed, but I had to get the plain old Steakburger as a first timer.  It was good.  Real good.  It's dropped in front of you with no plate, no bells or whistles... just the standard burger wrapper and that's it.  And really, that's all you need.  The relish they use is really sweet t hough, so that might be what throws people off.  But I liked it.  The one complaint I might have is the iceberg lettuce and just how much was stuffed into my burger.  It was three times thicker than the patty, which is way too much.... but the rest of it was perfection.  $6-7 perfection?  Hard to say.The fries come in a plate, many fall onto the table as it's dropped in front of you.  These look overcooked but taste okay, could have been a bad batch but you at least get a good handful when it's good.  Overall, this is a unique and great tasting burger.  I didn't try the pie with ice cream but definitely will the next time.  It is on the pricey side but at least you get something you can't get elsewhere: good food, a feeling of history, and way too many calories to burn.  This place will definitely get a return visit from me.Steakburger is delicious.Hickory Burger if you're in the mood for a smokey taste.Perhaps the quintessential classic burger. Fresh and quite good. Perfect soft buns with a perfect bun to meat ratio. Great bacon. Th height of the burger is perfect as well, not a gigantic monstrosity you can't even take a bite from. Quick service. Also the pie is mighty good as well.I prefer the untraditional burger, but if you want a great classic burger this is it.I think their burgers are a little overpriced but honestly, I can't get enough of their hickory burgers.  They are hands-down the best burger I can eat in a few bites (I take really big bites...).  Yes it's a bit expensive and yes...you can get "better" burgers elsewhere.  However, at apple pan, the burgers are pretty simple....and just great tasting.I understand the complaints about the steak burger.  When I first got it, I thought the abundance of lettuce completely masked any flavors from the rest of the burger.  However, I actually like it now and eating the abundance of lettuce makes me feel less guilty about indulging in burgers.  Plus, the lettuce makes me feel less gross since it mitigates any greasiness in the burger.I've had their apple pie once (w/out ice cream) to go and I gotta say that it wasn't very impressive.  It was kinda weird actually.  There wasn't much flavor and the crust (which is a must for me) was pretty dull and non-crispy (soft crust).  However, I'll try it again while at Apple Pan to see if it's any different.Nonetheless, as others have mentioned, Apple Pan is often packed.  It IS a bit overpriced.  However, when I just want a relatively simple burger...done quickly and done well, I go there.  And I don't really leave Apple Pan feeling gross (which I do when I try to get burgers at other restaurants...because of all the things they put in...too much sometimes).  And when I DO wanna feel gross, I just get a steak and hickory burger and scarf them both down at once.  It's worth it.Dont care about fries... they're just normal fries. But their hickory burger and pies are what i'm a sucker for (apple ice cream pie or banana pie).Go in the winter time because their cute little counter top sitting areas dont have a/c.When there is great food, great 50's style atmosphere and great service-- there  should be nothing to complain about?The place doesn't take credit cards.. there's an ATM close by.. It's good to keep cash in your wallet sometimes..Yes, it can be crowded.. seating can be tight with some...There are no large booths.. But bar stools..That can be an issue with some..Basic, but soild menu, fresh ingredients, open kitchen..My first visit to the Apple Pan, I ordered the tuna salad  on rye & Iced Tea . The best restaurant-made tuna I have had! These guys laid my tuna salad on thick with pickle on the side!Place was crowded.. but never did I need to ask for refills.Will come again if in the area for their apple pie..I love this place. Very old school! Their burgers are alright (I've had better) but I absolutely love their french fries. And if you love pie - this is the place to go to. Their apple pie and banana cream pie are fantastic. (You'll have to drop by before 8 pm if you want the banana cream pie). Note: The wait can be verryyyyyyyy long if you wanna sit down.I was torn between trying the steak burger or the hickory burger on my first visit.  Ended up going with the steak burger and it was delicious.  Seems my friends that got the hickory burger weren't as impressed.  The fries are also good but the Apple pie alamode wasn't anything special (despite being a 130 year old recipe).One part that sucks is they have limited seating.  The whole place is a giant bar counter that seats about 20 people and you must wait for people to leave to grab a chair.  We only had to wait about 10 minutes but this was at 3 p.m., hate to see it at lunch or dinner time.  One guy also waiting said he's been going here for 50 years so it must be good.Fast service. Quality burger. Solid stuff. Decent pie. A little pricy.The servers are definitely nice guys and sometimes love to hold a conversation. It's just super pricy for what you get.The best burger in LA in my opinion, and I'm pretty burger savvy.  The hickory burger is old school, no fancy portabello 5-cheese carmelized onion kinda affair.  Just meat, hunk of lettuce and cheese in the perfect proportions.  Tried everything else on the menu (boring fries, overpriced underwhelming pies, meh sandwiches) but the hickory w/ cheese is the only thing I ever get now.  The seating situation can be anarchy, but I do well in those kinda situations so I don't mind.  If you go early, right at noon, there's usually no problem.  If you call ahead they give you a number and you can pick up, but the burger doesn't travel well, gets soggy from the hickory sauce.  When it's too far into the lunch hour and I know I won't get a seat and make it back to work on time, I call ahead and park down the street and happily munch.  I've tried to make it all the way back to the office, but always end up pulling over to devour my burger.Love the originality.  Hickory Burger or the Steak Burger is both to die for.  I love coming here. I've been coming here since I was in Junior high.  Seating may be very limited and it sucks depending the hour you come in, and they only take cash which also sucks. After you finish the burger make sure you grab one of their homemade pies.  Marie Callender's you got nothing on their banana cream pie! You can not compare In N Out, the Counter, Kalbi Burger or the Umani Burger.  Each and every burger joint is unique in its own way!Savory Recommendation: Hickory Burger with Cheese and French FriesSweet Recommendation: Banana Cream Pie with CoffeeYou know when you find something that's so perfect that you order it every time you go?  When it's too hard to stray away from your usual?  This is case - delicious, delicious, delicious.  The way a burger should taste.  The way pie should taste.  You won't be disappointed, I promise.  Unless, that is, if you are traveling in a large group (limited seating, counter space only), and if you expect to pay with credit card (cash only, however, there is a Wells Fargo next door).   Apple Pan - Quality Forever.  Hmmm, agreed.Good Ol fashioned burger joint.Food is great and its a cool little spot.  Pricey but good.Cant go wrong with there burgers, tasty, juicy and delicious.Also try, the pecan pie with ice cream.  Awesome!!!!!!Old fashion Burgers at an old fashion place.Apple Pan has some pretty kick ass burgers. I got the original steak burger with double cheese.  Everything is fresh, the burgers come out really quickly, the meat is really juicy and goes very good with the cheese.The kitchen is basically at the middle of the restaurant. There are stools with a large connecting bench all around ( which leads to lines).There was only one let down with this place, that being the price. For ($6.75), you got a great steak burger ( But for $2.75 you can get a double double at in n' out!)But all and all I would come back to try the deserts, and feel like I was back in the good ole' days.The Apple Pan is a small and rustic burger joint.PROS+ Delicious pie. I had the banana cream pie, and it was full of fresh bananas and not too sweet.+ Pretty good burgers. I had the hickory burger. Smoky and slathered in a sweet ketchup-y sauce.+ Quick service.+ Drinks are a can of soda and a paper cone of ice to pour the drink in. Old-school charm.+ You can see them make your food.CONS-Expensive for what you're getting.-Waiters rush you out of there.-Fries were nothing special.-You have to ask for a plate for your burger, or else they just hand it to you in a paper wrapper. The burgers are terribly messy and some ended up on my shirt.I wanted to like this place. I really didIll start off with the goods:The place has a nice old school charm, everything is at the bar. the people who work there are amazingly nice. I was wondering what buttermilk was as a drink, and the man poured me a half cup to try without charging. That was a great one there.the burgers taste great and the ice cream was quite the treat on the pie.Now i regret this part,The burgers weren't bad. maybe a 6/10. They were pretty good but they are PUNY. give or talk a little larger than an adult fist. They were juicy ( i had the steak burger) and the cheese and sauces tasted pretty good, but they're size are just ok. The fries were average fries, nothing to rant, nothing to appreciateI really really wanted to love the apple pie. I had nothing to eat that day. YUP that much anticipation. When the pie arrived it looked pretty decent, the ice cream was amazing, and the pie itself was warm, but after a few bites, i knew i didnt like this pie. The crust is more hard rather than flaky, and it had a bitter taste to it. the apples were nice and soft, but this apple pie was not what i expected it to be.there is VERY VERY limited seating, expect maybe 30-40 seats totaldrinks are served in shaved ice style paper conesfor the sizes the prices are expensive, burger itself was 5.50 + a SLICE of pie 5.50 + tax and tip came out to be around 16 bucks a person for a mediocre meal. It was an interesting place to try, and great service from the manager/waiter/cook/dude behind the counter, but the food isnt worth coming back for.Burgers aren't that great. It's just a burger, nothing special. 3 stars for the old cash register :) and bar around the kitchen.This is a straightforward, honest burger.  There's no blue cheese or arugula.  No truffle crisp.  No gourmet sweet potato fries.  Apple Pan is a throwback to diner food when people use to eat their food at the counter.  Huge plus: open till midnight!Where they lose points: no sign in sheet.  You kind-of have to pay attention to who arrived ahead of you and you seat yourself accordingly.  And don't even think of leaving without trying the pie.  The cream pies are fantastic!A classic burger joint! The service is cool and the burger is a-ok! I'd go here again only if i'm in the area!If you're trying the Apple Pan for the first time, here's what you can expect:An old school burger joint with a very basic menu. Their apple pie is obviously the draw, but their burgers are also on many "best burger" lists amongst food critics.  It's juicy and well flavored but the patty is on the thinner side. If you're really hungry, you might feel a little deprived so I'd suggest doubling it if you have a bigger appetite.  A pretty long wait. However, someone will leave soon enough. If you're a patient person, it could be worth the wait to grab a seat if you want that 'diner feel.'  But if you're just looking to eat a great burger (or are pressed for time), you could also order your food to-go.  It's also important to know that this place is cash only. There are 3 major banks nearby all within walking distance (Wells, Chase, B of A). Don't come here with a big group--it's not that kind of place. Odds are you'll be seated apart as this place only has a counter/stools. They want to turn around their seats as fast as possible so don't be offended by how fast they take your plate (burger wrapper) away. Take the time come here! It's legendary for a reason. Is it the best burger you've ever had? Maybe not, but it's pretty dang close.Burgers had great flavour and all condiments were extremely fresh, fries were over done, building interior and atmosphere were great to come and see, Two burgers a fry and pop will run you $25Nice stopThis is a piece of history. Food is ok.The burgers are dated but still good.Did i mention the "paper plates"Cash only. I mean come on, who carries cash anymore? lol Anyway, its worth the stop to say you visited a Los Angeles landmark. One visit is all it takes.I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but mostly because I don't enjoy sweet bbq type sauces on my burgers. The steakburger had a sweet spread, which I thought took away from the flavor of the meat. Otherwise, I think I would have actually left with a happier belly since the toppings were fresh and the bun was nicely toasted. I put the burgers a class under the burgers from Fantasia or The Office in Burbank. The apple pie filling tasted like it was poured out of a can and was very watery as opposed to the warm, gooey, sugary cinnamon that I expected. Fries were thick cut and expected.Wait: Small place with counter seating only, but they make orders to go. I arrived a little after opening time and was able to grab two seats.The burger was cooked well and tasted like something I could have made at home. Thus I am torn to give it two stars because the pies was excellent. (Apple & Banana Cream)Maybe if I was a BH91201 fan I would have rated this higher. ;)These burgers really hit the spot, especially with the smokey-ketchup sauce. Oh yeah the fries are good. Slice of pie ain't bad. I don't like that there is almost no place to sit, no booths and you always have to wait when it gets busy which is not hard considering they have like 20 chairs.I hate the service because it's bad for you sitting at a counter in front of the waiters and chefs. Sometimes you get a bit of attitude.It's cool because it's cool. Perhaps sums up the enigma that is Los Angeles in many ways. Any who - go because you are in the area, have nothing better to do, etc. You won't be blown away but that's not why you go. You go because it's cool.I rarely give 5 stars to a burger place, so 4 is pretty much my limit. Their burgers and simple and good. Nothing fancy, just meat, bun, cheese, sauce, and lettuce. They do a great job. You can add relish or their  Hickory Sauce which is great as well. They serve drinks in Cone Shaped Paper cups with metal cup holder. No fountain drinks, everything is in can or bottle form. They have coffee in massive steam coffee maker. They have a variety of pies made in house. Everyone seems to appreciate the apple, but i prefer the Banana Creme Pie which is outstanding. Expect a long wait a night, they only have 26 seats on a "U" shaped counter. No outdoor seating, but you can get things To Go.This review is about 2 weeks behind, but I felt strongly enough that I couldn't go without completing a review. First, the ambiance: the restaurant is set up like a diner, in a U-shape, where you eat at a bar. It is a little loud, so if you were planning to have a loungy lunch, with a few after lunch minutes to chat and catch up, this isn't the place. People will wait obviously behind you, and you feel partially rushed to finish your lunch and bad at the same time because people are waiting to eat while the smell the burger that will eventually be yours.Lunch: 4 hickory burgers, 3 cokes, 2 root beers, 2 orders of fries, 1 slice of banana creme pie,1 pecan pie, and 1 apple pie alamode, and $5 tip. Grand total=$78.It's DEFINATELY a lil expensive as every thing adds up quickly! Burgers and fries are not sold as combos. Everything is ala carte!Hickory burgers were good, the hickory taste absolutely comes through. But is it the best basic burger I've ever had... No. For a basic burger I'd prefer Pie n Burger in Pasadena! Fries were not very crispy, like there were not double fried. Which is unfortunate. I will say all the pies were good. Banana creme and apple pie were pretty basic, but the pecan pie was outstanding!If you plan to be in and out, it's worth trying, but if you want a basic burger, head to Pasadena instead.Been coming here for over 20 years now and love this place. Have never had a bad meal here ever, and the consistency they achieve with their product is phenomenal. Never mind, and I always love this, they have the same employees year after year. So, not only do you get a great meal, but you also get a familiar face (and the fact a place keeps it's employees tells me they must treat their employees right).The Hickory Burger with cheese is definitely the way to go, but you can't go wrong with the tuna or ham either (frankly, might be my favorite ham sandwich in the city). Also, if you don't get the fries (one order serves 2 peops) or a pie, you will regret it (promise, especially the banana cream or chocolate cream).Only drawbacks are that there is always a line (why I like picking up at times) and that it's a tad pricey for a burger and fries. That said, the line is because the place is so awesome at what it does, and the quality of the ingredients are worth the price.A great hickory burger!I liked Apple Pan, but it's definitely over-hyped. I tried both the hickory and the steak burger. They were good, but a little on the small side. The fries were my favorite part. They were cooked perfectly, crispy and soft on the inside. I also tried the apple pie w/ ice cream and the banana cream pie. I liked the apple more than the banana. The banana cream just wasn't as creamy as I would like it to be. It had a lot of banana in it though. Although at $6 a slice, I'm not sure I would get it again. Overall, Apple Pan IS good, but don't get too excited.Ate here going on 15 years ago. A staple in LA. Burgers are great and the tuna sandwiches are a must as well. Gotta sit on Hector's side of the counter and talk about boxing. He use to do some work with boxers..SO HAPPY I finally went to The Apple Pan!I instantly loved the rounded counter space and red bar stools-- old school American diner style.Were were immediately greeted with the most perfect, crispy french fries with ketchup and mustard. Could not stop eating the fries, they were perfect!! I love super crispy fries.  Also, love that the sodas are served in the cone cups inside the metal holdersWe ordered the Original burger and the Hickory burger.  Both were excellent-- they were both mushy, juicy, super flavorful.  I'd say its the best version of a traditional American-style burger (not comparable to the fancy Umami, or Father's Office type, which are in totally different categories).  If I had to pick a favorite, I would pick the Hickory burger as the favorite of the two burgers we triedFor dessert, we ordered the apple pie.  It was quite delicious, the filling wasn't the best I've ever had, but the crust was pretty amazing (kind of salty, which I like).  My favorite part of the pie was actually the vanilla ice cream, it was sublime!Will definitely come back to Apple Pan for a late night craving !I find it amazing that you troglodytes feel the need to share your negative opinions about a restaurant that's been thriving since 1947.Awesome old-school burger, arguably even better than in-n-out. The tuna sandwich is also one of the best I've had. Cute, simple and good.Dang tastey burgers.  Drinks are served from a can (or SMALL bottle), so there are no refills.  Bring cash and plenty of it though.  The place ain't cheap, and they don't take credit cards.  This place is completely un-LA like.  Stop for a visit and see for yourself...though go at an odd hour.  Peak times are REALLY busy, and it's standing room only waiting for a seat at the counter.Westwood's Apple Pan serves up the best burger experience, West of Beverly Hills. The menu is incredibly simple - a couple of burgers, fries, pie, and drinks. If you're looking for a kick-ass meal on a Friday night, try the Hickory Burger with Fries, a creme soda, and a slice of their mind-altering Banana Creme Pie. Apple Pan's no-frills atmosphere will grab you as soon as you walk through the small wooden doors facing Pico (near Westwood Boulevard). There are no tables at Apple Pan -- just one long continuous bar that wraps around the master bedroom sized dining room. One of two bartenders will take your order and the team behind them goes to work building your burger as carefully and slow as construction on the 405. The fries and drinks will usually come right out so you'll have something to nosh on while your burger cooks on the open air griddle at the center of the room.Above all, the Banana Creme pie is my very favorite thing to get. It came on recommendation from one of the waiters and I've never looked back to the apple pie since. Layer upon layer of luscious fresh banana slices mixes perfectly with a mound of banana creme under a whipped topping. Mix all that with a to-die-for buttery crust...and...well...the only way to understand it is to go there and try it. Please, go there and try it.Some words of advice: The Hickory Burger is best eaten hot, so make sure you eat-in at Apple Pan (I took Apple Pan to the Pacific drive-in once, but this food is best fresh). What makes Apple Pan most special is the crowd of regular Angelenos that fill the bar stools everyday. They're what makes this place such a quintessential diner experience -- well them and the awesome red plaid wallpaper.Went here for the first time this weekend and am now officially a fan.  If you just want a good ol' greasy burger, this is the place for you.  Nothing fancy--a white bun, burger, lettuce, mayo, cheese if you want.  I got the Hickoryburger, which had barbeque sauce on it.  I will now be pouring barbeque sauce all over every burger I ever have.  Delicious.The guy next to me got a tuna salad sandwich, which will be my next selection.  Looked to be a good old fashioned tuna sandwich piled high with tuna.It felt a little outrageous to pay $5.50 for a slice of pie, but I'm willing to overlook it just because the burger was so good and I have a soft spot for joints that are no muss, no fuss.  Especially given its ironic location across the street from Westside Pavilion.Best place EVER! Came here with a friend who had been taken there by a friend. Definitely runs on word-of-mouth. It is just a whole-in-the-wall place that has great burgers, fries and pie. If you go there a lot, you will recognize the behind-the-counter guys. Sometimes they're nice; sometimes they're grumpy. But they are SO a part of the experience! They have all obviously been there for a very long time and have a loyalty to the place. Waiting for a place to sit is awkward, especially when there are others waiting. And - of course - THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS! Overall, this place is awesome. My dad hates LA, but everytime I talk to him on the phone, he asks me about the Apple Pan. This place is as "real" as it gets.Parking is difficult but there is a mall right across the street. Do not come with big groups. The wait at this restaurant is ridiculous! Keep in mind that I have no issues waiting for good food...There is no order to the wait. You would think that there would have been a number system developed. Its really based on the "Honor System." While there we saw a couple just walk in and take a seat without waiting what so ever. Maybe it was a bad day for the "Honor System." Lets move on to the food...The Hickory Burger was OK. The fries were OK. The apple pie a la mode was great! Service was good. The price was a bit high for what it is. I would recommend experiencing this place but personally I would not eat in at this place again. Take out would be the ticket. CASH ONLY!The ONLY reason this place doesn't get my elusive fifth star is because the menu is a bit on the pricey side. Other than that though, it's a solid cheeseburger and the steak fries are usually well done, super crispy and greasy as hell. Oddly enough, I've never had the apple pie.Here's the problem with the Apple Pan.  It's still thinking it's 1945.  The dining area is a U shaped counter and the place lacks any tables.  If you try to sit with your friends, you have to hope enough people leave.  The burgers aren't anything special for the price and pain in the ass - you can find better elsewhere.  The drinks are served in paper cups with metal holders.  These are the kind of cone paper cups you find at any water cooler.  Glasses, I guess, are too ritzy for this place.  The paper is so cheap, after 10 minutes of sitting there, the liquid in the cups begins to seep from the bottom and causes your drink to eventually spill out.  Lovely.  The servers are, of course, rude and while I hear that's the charm of going here, I'm not a big fan of asshole servers.  The pie we bought was great.  We bought a whole one because I found getting a few slices there was actually more expensive than buying the whole pie and baking it yourself.  On top of all this, you must pay in cash.  Aren't we in the 21st century?  I'm sorry but the nostalgia isn't worth the bland burgers, jerk servers and long wait.  I'd give it one star but the apple pie was really good so I'll throw an extra star in.  If you have to go here, just get a pie to go.With 530 reviews I'm not even sure it's worth posting my own, but here are a few short thoughts:- This place is an awful lot like the Camellia Grill in New Orleans, but at least the CG has first-come-first-serve seating, not this awful "rudest man wins" system. Bad enough that L.A. traffic is like that, seating shouldn't be.- Given the seating system, show up in a group larger than two at your peril.- The food is pretty darn good but the selection is very limited. I wouldn't call it one of the best burgers I've eaten but there is some authenticity to the cuisine.- Save room for pie.Apple Pan is this hamburger joint in LA with legendary status. Apple Pan is famous for its hickory burger and apple pie. Add to the fact, it's been around since 1947, that's around the time when my parents were born. The uniqueness of this hamburger joint starts from how it's laid out. It has this station island where they flip burger patties and buns. Outer part of island is the u-shape counter where customers sit on high stools to enjoy their burgers. In between the station and the counter is where servers take orders and serve you food with minimum distance to travel. All corners of the restaurants are for people waiting to find stools to sit. There is no waiting list. Besides from the interesting restaurant layout and the hickory burger, Apple Pan isn't that impressive. Burgers and fries were over priced and overrated. 3 burgers, 1 fries, 2 drinks, adding tax and tip cost me grand total of $30."Hickory Burger" for the win!Do we really need to discuss anything else?OK, Ok... "Tuna Sandwich" of the century!!!That's all I really need to say, right?I don't even eat red meat anymore, but my friend was in the area and knew I was @home starving. I just couldn't resist. She brought me some Apple Pan take out and I made proverbial LOVE to that hickory burger like never before! Yummmmmmmm. I kissed those fries and spanked that Apple Pie like it was bad.Needless to say I was sleep out for the count in 30 minutes! LOL- Mr. Shannon*I wish they took credit. cash only :(I am always one to read reviews and testimonials carefully but also be wary if a place is too hyped up.I like good burger places and for it's category, Apple Pan does a decent job.Food: Burgers are good, not great. Fries are good. I did not have the Apple Pie a la mode, and heard it was great but prices (abuot $7 per slice) helped me stay away for now. Atmosphere: Old-fashioned setting. Classic dine around counter with simple decor, simple menu and classic cash registers (cash only).Service: There's no waiter or waitresses but the people helping you at the counter are very personable for this type of business. The wait is not bad if you dine by yourself but most will dine in a group. On a busy day there may be a wait of about 15-10 minutes and in that scenario, it's best to go in a group of 2 or 4 people.Price: For what it is, it is pretty pricey. For the same amount you would get almost twice the food at In and Out or Five Guys Burgers without a reduction in quality. If you spend a bit more, you can drive a bit and head on over to Father's Office. Expect a meal for two (burger, fries, drink) to run about $20.In sum, if you like burger places and have not dined at Apple Pan it is definitely worth a try!Few places in L.A. become icons.  Far fewer deserve that iconic status.  This little joint is one of the few that have earned it.  I've been here many times over the years, and just treated a good friend to her first hickory burger last week.  The place is tiny and seemingly unchanged since the 50's.  Tiny seating area (all bar), old school cash register, coke served from cans and poured into paper cone cups that fit into jiggers!  Fucking fantastic.  The staff are lifers and have earned the right to be surly, so don't even think about giving them attitude.  Be patient.  They might move slow, but they've got it boiled down to a science.  As for the food.....well, it IS overpriced.  But, it's so damn good that I don't feel like I'm being cheated.  The hickory burger melts in your mouth, and the barbequey catsupy stuff that oozes forth is heaven on a bun.  Do not even think about leaving without some pie ala mode.  Parking would be a bitch in this hood if not for the Westside Pavillion.  Just park at their massive lot across the street, it's free.If your in the mood for an old fashion kik a$$ burger this is your spot.They have 2 kinds of burgers: Hickory Burger  (Smoked flavor and a sweet sauce) **I recommend thisSteak Burger (Comes with relish)Great Ham and cheese sandwich (sliced as you order it)good tuna salad and egg salad as well.Dont 4get to save some room for their world class pies, if they have boysenberry cream or strawberry cream pie, grab it (they normally sell out early)but in a nut shell, if you haven't tried it and are within 3,000 miles of Apple Pan, drop everything and get over there.Went with fiancee cuz she has always wanted to go to this place. First off will try again someday so I can comment on the hickory hamburger that so many people seem to enjoy. I got the roasted  ham sandwich which was decent, but nothing to write home about.The menu is pretty limited and thought it was pretty goofy that the difference between my sandwich and my fiancee's was cheese, but they listed hers as a combo thus adding an item to the menu.Service was adequate..Lining up along the wall to get a seat may be a tradition, but to me it seems just plain annoying..The slice of banana pie was $5.50 for a slice!!! I figured at this price it would melt in my mouth, but it was just decent...I would not go out of my way for this place at all!I went to the Apple Pan the other night hoping to have a nice big burger and see what the hype was all about, I came back disappointed. I chose the hickory burger with added swiss cheese, what I received was something the size between a slider and a quarterpounder. For the 7 bucks and change I expected something larger and more filling. I could probably eat two of these and still have room for something else. Size issues aside, the hamburger was above average and tasted like it was made with fresh ingredients. But there was nothing to me that made this burger memorable to me, and for 7 bucks it had better at least fill me up. For dessert we had a slice of their chocolate cream pie, which was delicious and sizable enough to reasonably justify a 5 buck price tag. To me the chocolate cream was more of a chocolate pudding and the pie crust was crispy, which was a pleasant surprise.Go to the Counter for a filling burger and come here for a filling desert is my advice.My boyfriend and I have been twice and have loved it each time. We go park at the Lankmark, buy our movie tickets, then walk over to the Apple Pan for one of their amazing burgers. I would say they make one of the, if not the, best burger I've ever had.Both occasions have been on a Friday night. Keep in mind this place is not good for groups, because it's very small: bar seating only. There's also really no seating criteria, you come in and wait 'til a couple spots open up. It's really ran by the "honor code" system as I've never had an issue taking a turn for a seat. I do wish there'd maybe be some sort of "number" system in case it is really busy and causing confusion for everyone, hence the four stars.Also keep in mind that they accept cash only. They even have old-fashioned cash registers. This is also never an issue for us if we forget since there's a Wells Fargo ATM right next door.The dessert is also amazing, though I wish to try more. We tried a slice of the banana cream pie, and it was delicious. The service is great. Everyone is extremely friendly and punctual even in a busy atmosphere with limited seating. I'm excited for my next Apple Pan trip.This is the Los Angeles burger. The real burger. The burger that gave birth to gourmet toppings, $20 pricetags, and cheaper wannabes. Apple Pan took the mantra of quality ingredients and a focused menu, then they perfected it. And they've continued to grill great burgers for over 60 years. The steakburger is where it's at. Quality meat that tastes meaty (not like truffles or caramelized whatever), lettuce and onions that are fresh. This is what In-N-Out wishes they could serve. And the pieeeeeeeessss!!!! Go for the banana cream. If I could eat one dessert for the rest of my life, it would be this. If I could bathe in a dessert, I'd pick this pie. The apple's a winner too, but this one takes the proverbial cake.Don't expect the waiter to ask you how your day's going, don't look for white linens and flickering candlelight, just know you're getting the definition of classic LA food. Yum.If you've NEVER been to a good burger joint than you'll think this place is amazing! This was our second attempt coming here the first time it was way too packed, this time we came after 2pm and avoided the lunch rush. At first I was taken aback by the grumpy waiter but he grew on me and he ended up providing fast and good service.Hickory Burger:Eh, it was alright. No complaints but nothing to brag about.Steak Burger:It was good and the relish was different. Good quality cheese and fresh lettuce. A little small for the price.Fries:Cooked well but could use more seasoning.Apple Pie:Definitely homemade but the crust was lacking any flavor. The filling was alright. Marie Callendar's is way better.Vanilla Ice Cream:Creamy & delicious.Overall it was okay but a little overpriced. I'd only go back if I happened to be in the area and there was no wait.Ok, so I've been hearing about this place in LA Weekly so many times. Best burger, best apple pie, best banana creme pie, etc etc. I ordered the "famous" hickory burger, a side of fries, and a banana creme pie. I'm sorry to burst people's bubbles here, but all three of the items I ordered were just mediocre at best. The only thing good in the burger was the cheddar cheese. The fries, as one person before me mentioned, were just plain thick cut fried, unsalted, potatoes. I've had much better. The banana creme pie? I still couldn't get over that really hard crust. It was just horrible. The filling was decent. Marie Calendars' version is much better (mind you I wouldn't really eat there to begin with). I decided to take a slice of applie pie home. I reheated it with the apple sauce that came with it so that probably took care of the crust issue. But again, the filling was just bland.The only thing I appreciated about this place was the nostalgia of a restaurant that has been trapped in time and looks a lot like what it did (I presume) when it had first opened decades ago. I still can't believe I walked out of there with a $23 bill (not including tip). Go waste your money at In-and-Out instead.A friend of mine works near Apple Pan and it was his turn to pick a spot for our Yelping adventures. There were four of us and we really lucked out on seating because it's very limited and those who couldn't get seated opted to take out. Apple Pan is a legit classic American Hamburger joint with a decent but still delicious burger and fries.Service was good and very attentive to everyone's needs. From what I could hear their clientele were regulars. When it comes down to it I think their banana cream pie is what would make me come back. If you come here PLEASE try it.Great place, and just fun place to go.  Of course, it hasn't changed in the over 30 years I've been going there.   Super quick service, and they assume you've been there many times over.  Hamburger is always great and consistently good.  Fries are unique in how they are made.It's not a chain or tries to be the biggest burger you could ever get.  It's not about size, it's about quality and taste.  While we were sitting there, one other person was waiting to pick up an order to go.  He noticed someone eating a ham sandwich.  He never noticed that before.  When he asked about it, the waiter went out of his way to give him a piece of ham to taste.  Who does that these days?Desserts are also the best.  Very unique pies and ice cream.  Always need to get that when you go.I wish they would open another one up or exploit the concept.  It would be very successful.For the LA experience, please visit The Apple Pan. It reminds you of the 1960's. I LOVE the 1960's - it's my favorite period in American history. So many things happened during the '60s Apple Pan is different from other restaurants because you sit at a U-shaped counter on stools. You have to eat fast. They don't like people who linger around wondering what they should order. Look at the menu before you get there, so you can order right away. Love it!~ Food type: burger and fries.Old-school Counter type burger joint. I count this as a Los Angeles landmark. For all them UCLA folks, eat here before you leave Westwood. Food: 5/5Ambiance: 3/5Service: n/a (preference)Food: The food is great. Great cheese (I think it's tillamook), and great hickory smoked burger patties. Delicious. Seriously though, I got a cream soda (yeahhhhhh, boiiiiii), a burger, and an order of fries for ~$14. Not too bad considering the quality of the food. Ambiance: it's old-school. White counters and old school servers. Not much else to say about it. It's very not L. A. Though it is not fancy, it is quite charming. Service: to me it's great and what I wanted at a burger joint. No frills, order and eat. If you need anything, just at the server again. From my experience, they won't come over and start conversations (unless you've been going for a while). Some people don't like that, but service is relative to the place you're at. Oh yeah, the servers are all older gentlemen who look grumpy. They actually aren't and are very nice. For those who think the post is too long: great burgers, decent price. Charming old school feel, old-school servers. Good service for the locale. Enjoy great food and good company.The burger was okay..... the french fries was just as good quality as Costco French Fries or some grocery stores frozen french fries. Quite Honestly, I think In-N-Out burger is better!!! THe service is very awkward too, the server/owner/whoever he is doesn't really talk to you at all. He takes orders with no acknowledgement or response after you place your order and just serves you. Also, if you decide to come here, make sure to bring cash. It's Cash only.If you want a good, old-fashioned burger at an equally interesting place then Apple Pan is the place to go. The staff is friendly and although curt, they are still nice. Don't come here if you expect a fancy burger. Their menu is pretty short and standard. Stick with the classic hamburger&fries combo and you'll be satisfied.  And of course try their pie; the banana cream pie is my favorite because it is SO delicious and flavorful. Some people are turned off by the U-shaped bar and seat yourself style but hey why not try something different? Everywhere we go we get standard sit-down restaurant. I like finding my own seat and be on it like a hawk. People waiting usually know whose turn is up so no one's ever stolen a seat from me. I will say this though, don't go with a huge group during peak hours because you'll either have to split up or you just won't eat.Overall, I love this place and the history is has a around it. And of course the delicious burger doesn't hurt its reputation either.I love burgers.  I love old fashioned burger joints.  But this place was just overhyped for me.  I like my burgers on the greasier/juicier side.  Their best burger, the Hickory Burger, has a great smoky taste - but is small and half of it consists of lettuce.  Not sure if the Hickory Burger is worth the drive, traffic of West LA, and tiny parking lot.  I just don't get full off this.  Maybe I need to order two, but for a burger that's $5 each and me being a college student, I'd rather hit up In-N-Out.  It's a cool experience going there though.Oh Apple Pan. How straightforward  you are. And, in that spirit, so will be my review:Our waiter was great. The burgers were good (not life-changing, but still delicious). The apple pie was bomb. Parking is tricky, but we were able to find a spot since it was in the late afternoon (4:30 is kind of a random time to eat). I would go here again! Mostly to try their banana cream pie. And since this is relatively close to school (UCLA), it's a fun place to go to get away from campus. Til next time, Apple Pan!When you look up the definition of America in the dictionary, there should be a photo of the Apple Pan.Comfort food x10000.  I love love love the tuna sandwich with well done fries.  The chocolate cream and pecan pies are to die for.Out of 5 stars:Tuna sandwich: 3.5Hickory burger: 3Fries: 2Banana cream pie: 2Overall: 3The pie costs over $5. Too expensive and only tasted ok. Service is good and efficient.Hickory burgers are da BOMB! I luv the sauce and it goes great with a diet coke, fries, and banana cream pie w/a scoop of vanilla ice cream! You have to get all of that to fully enjoy your meal! Sitting gets messy though because it's sooooo BUSY inside. You have to wait behind someone and it's based on the honor system. Usually those standing against the wall are waiting for someone to get up and leave. I've never seen it NOT busy, even at odd hours, there's always a line somewhere. Parking is horrible too. Small spaces in the back and very limited street parking. It's right across the street from the mall, but I don't recommend parking there either. Gets crowded and why are the spaces sooo small or is it just the bad parkers out there?!I would come here more often, if it was closer to me!I am a big fan of old style diners and burger joints. This place definitely fits the bill. I love that there is seating in a horseshoe around the kitchen (which can spell disaster if you have more than 2 or 3 people...so beware). I must say, though, even with the limited seating, people are generally polite about the seating and respect the order in which people arrive. It is a unique interior that is a nice homey feeling. I enjoyed the fact that we were served really quickly. The sodas are served in paper cone cups, which is fun.Lastly, you must round out your meal with pie. I MEAN MUST. The pecan pie and chocolate cream pie are two of my favorites. Also, as far as parking goes, we did not have any issues finding parking on the street, but there is very limited parking in the back. If you like burgers and fries and pie.....you have to try The Apple Pan at least once!Every time I visit L.A. I must stop at The Apple Pan.Cold Soda in a frozen cup holder.Slabs of ketchup with some crack sauce on the burgers.It taste like apple relish? No debit, Cash Only.Hickory burgers are to die for. It pretty much is what it is. I love the crispy fries and the hunk of iceberg lettuce making me feel like i've eaten some vegetables with my burger.Apple pie was disappointing, but you can't win 'em all!The only meal I could have for lunch that would keep me full until I got off work so it got a lot of love.Heard a lot of mixed reviews about this place before I tried so decided to find out for myself.Unfortunately, I thought Apple Pan was just OK. Burgers weren't anything amazing - better than fast food, not the best burger I've had though. I enjoyed the diner feel to it rather than a restaurant.Banana Creme Pie was delicious, though not worth the price in my opinon. If I do come back, might just opt for the fries and pieA friend of mine and I went here and Father's office on the same day.  Yes, we are fat, why do you ask?The Apple Pan burger is much more simple.  It lets the ingredients really shine through.  A really, really high quality meat, bun, and cheese.  If you want a simple, admittedly kind of greasy burger, here is you place.As for which is better?  They're so different, it is like comparing New York and Chicago Pizza.  They're both awesome and completely different.  Depends on the mood.Oh and the friggin pie.  OMG (I don't normally use this, I swear), I still don't know what is better, the pie or burger.  A la mode with an ice cream that seems to have some egg in it (this is a good thing). Just amazing.There should be another 5 stars for this!Its good.  Friendly and fast and the burger is delicious.The food was great, service was fast, and the workers were very friendly & all ways asking us if we need more soda or apple pie their mean list is short & simplyI have to admit, I wasn't thrilled about the wait. It seemed to take forever to get in there. Then once inside, I realized why it took so long. There are only so many seats and it was PACKED! I knew I was in for a great treat at that point. And I was right. The hickory burger was easily one of the best burgers I've ever had. Simple and to the point. Oh...and delicious. The workers were nice enough and seemed like they'd been there since the place opened. I'm definitely making a trip back there again.Stopped in here one day on a lark, as I was told it was the inspiration for 90210's Peach Pit, used in the pilot as the location.The burgers were pretty good and I really do enjoy the much-mentioned "minimalist" menu.  Keeps things hopping.Sadly, I'm not an apple pie fan, so no a la mode for moi.I have lived in LA, NY, and now London.  The Apple Pan is my favorite burger out of all those cities and I go there everytime I'm in LA.   The hickory burger with cheese, fries, and a coke.  Period.Parking?  Get off your lazy arse, park a couple of blocks away, and walk.  Oh, and there pies are pretty darn good too!I love this place. It's so good. The pie has this incredible crust that just adds to the amazingly delicious apple filling. The pie is just right and not too sweet or overwhelmed with that gooey sugary stuff. The burgers and fries are good too and the service is prompt and direct.Although our server was like the soup nazi from Seinfeld, he was cool. To sum it up, my friends and I put it like this, "It was the fastest, best meal I've ever had." And that's no joke. We were in and out of there in a matter of 20 minutes. That including fries a burger and a piece of the apple pie a la mode style.and Dont be impatient with the wait for some counter space. The turnover rate is impressively quick. You have to stay and feel out the surroundings, it totally adds to the ambiance and the nostalgia of the food.Enjoy!Diner style, great food, simple. Awesome pie. For those who complain about burger nazis here, never experienced that. Perhaps some people just too picky about their food, and they should just go to In-N-Out or Carls Jr. They won't bitch...you don't bitch... ZINGDon't believe the hype, good old school burger spot, no issue with staff, small wait during lunch and dinner times, other than that, this is a gem.This is a classic place to eat! Its open late, you get old fashioned style service in the fastest way and they never add or change the menu (if its not broken why change it!!!) Def NOT like any fast food joint ...its in its own class and the food is made right as you order. If it wasn't so good it would not ALWAYS ALWAYS be so packed with people just waiting to sit!Its def a must try...better than Johnny Rockets could ever have been back in the days!If you can appreciate a fine burger and a home made pie you would absolutely love Apple Pan!$90 for 2 burgers, fries, 2 drinks and an apple pie?!?!?! WTF?I'll explain....I decided to come here from the valley on the recommendation of my friend who said he had the "best burger ever". Wrong. I got there around 8pm and the place was busy, it took a minute or two to sit us. We sat in the middle of the Diner, and took us at least 15 minutes to get a menu. One of the waiters acknowledge us, but I guess we weren't sitting in his section, so we waited patiently for the other waiter who had a very long conversations with other customers.I ordered the Hickory Burger. Big mistake. My middle/high school burger was better than this.....MmMMmm...I miss those burgers. hahhaa. My girlfriend had the regular burger. Decent, but In and Out is soooooo much better and a lot cheaper. We also order some fries and ordered them well done. Those were good. At the end of the meal, we ordered a apple pie with some vanilla ice cream. Not impressed. The bill came out to about $35. Not a cheap meal. Not worth the drive.So how did this trip to Apple Pan cost me $90? I got a parking ticket for $53 for parking in resedential parking. Aaaarggggghhh!!!! I got the parking ticket 2 minutes before I got to my car. If the waiters had been attentive, I definetely wouldn't have gotten the ticket, but not Apple Pan's fault for me being a dumb dumb.The burgers here are just ok...the real star is their banana creme pie. I LOVE. I would definitely eat here more often if the seating system wasn't so weird / tense / awkward. You're on the honor system and you need to simultaneously remember everyone who was there before you and those who got there after you. & in those moments when you can't remember who got there first...it's pretty tense. oh Apple Pan, please start a list I could put my name on or give me a number so I won't feel so stressed out eating here. kthx.Torn between giving a 4 or 5 stars.The good:  Really tasty burgers, good fries, and yum pies!The bad:  Closed on Mondays, seating is nearly impossible.Overall:  Apple Pan is one of those great gems only the "locals" know.  An old friend told me about it when I still in high school and barely able to drive, but this institution is going strong.In fact, that is the beauty of this place.  The workers and their style probably hasn't changed since they opened the joint.  Therefore, the style is this - order fast, order quick, and order simple.  I like the hickory burger with Tillamook, fries, a Coke or IBC root beer (no A&W junk) and a slice of pie (cream pies preferred).  Even their cuppa joe is served with real cream; not half & half, REAL cream.  It's crazy.But I love the authenticity.  I just wish we didn't have to jockey for a seat at the counter, which is the main reason we don't visit more often.  (Then again, maybe my arteries are grateful.)My burger was decent. Not worth $7.  The problem here is that they literally use the cheapest of everything possible.  The bread, the meat, the fries, the plates, the napkins ( i hate chincy napkins), and the sodas come in cans and are served in paper cones.  Why do i want to pay a premium for that. Going to in-n-out, I can spend less and get a better burger with napkins that dont disintegrate on impact.So why do people love it?  Not really sure. Maybe because they are told they should love it. I don't get it. Mob mentality is a fascinating thing.  Here is a reality check. THIS BURGER IS BARELY ONE NOTCH ABOVE ANY FAST FOOD CHAIN.  WAKE UP, AND REALIZE A BURGER SHOULD BE THICKER, RARER AND, UH, BETTER!!Burgers are great but not $6.99 great.  Service: Straight to business no BS.  We got in, immediately sat ourselves at the the opened stools.  Waiter comes within a half a minute and ask us what we wanted.  We said we need to see the menu.  So after looking at the simple minute for about 3 minutes the waiter comes back again.  We ask him whats the best burger...he said the hickory is the most popular..so we..no, one of us became the spokesperson.  Oh yeah...so I QUICKLY ordered (like I said, no BS):I: Can we get three hickory  burgersW: With cheese? I:  YesW: Fries?I  :YesW: two or three? I:  2W: Drink?I: 3 waters Waiter about to walk away....I: Can we also get two slices of banana cream pie?W:Now or after?I: Now please. (Whenever possible, always have dessert first)W: Yes sir.Unless you don't want your burger well done you have to request otherwise.Banana Cream Pie (back of menu): Um, I felt like i got cheated with the pie.  The slice was so tiny. It was 1/3rd of slice of marie calender's banana cream pie. The pie itself was OKAY, nothing spectacular.  Nice flaky crust with pretty small amount of banana cream but a good amount of was recently fresh banana.  if it were a bigger slice, I would have been a happy camper. Maybe my expectations (yelp) were too high for the pie. Hickory Burger: wow, they put a lot of sauce on there burger....i like it.  Everything is fresh and hot and delicious but way too expensive.  I rather go to In & Out and have myself 3or 4 of there burgers...Taste the same to me. However, the service was extremely fast (the place wasn't even that busy) and the waiter kept coming around to pour our ketchup for us and pass out individual tissues and filing up our water....the atmosphere made us feel so rushed...we kinda inhaled the burger...we didn't really get the chance to just kick back and savor our food. Western Union across the street. Charges $3 something for service fee.  We went around 11, got lucky with parking.  Seating can be difficult, very limited seats. If your coming with more than a party of three, seating will be very hard.  Ladies, keep your purse in the car and just bring your wallet.  There's barely enough arm room, you'll have to keep your purse on your lap.Not a place to plan for.  If your in the area, its a mom and pop old school diner feel, to grab a QUICK burger.  But I rather go some where else and get my money's worth.  There's tons of places to grub around here.The Apple Pan has been around for at least 50 years. Same guys have been the servers for almost that many. Quick service, consistency, quality ingredients, and amazing burgers and pie. I've been going there for 20 years.    * Pros: Hickory Burger, Steak Burger, Tuna Sandwich, and all Pies    * Cons: They need a "take a number" system to seating.Old school burger joint where you sit at the counter.  Seating is hard to find however as you need to just wait and sit when there's an opening.Burger was freshly made and hot, but it's just a decent burger.  Also offers home made pies that are decently sized. More of a blast from the past and a nice experience.I once came upon the Apple Pan on an episode of of Unwrapped on Food Network a few years ago. Another year or two later, the show Six Feet Under on HBO dropped their name on an episode. So I figured that this place must be a staple in Los Angeles. The Apple Pan is a very good restaurant that has a very unique system of service. Upon entering the door you must find a spot along the wall to wait for an available seat to open. Everyone knows who came in before them so you must figure out the order to get a seat. That has to be the biggest downfall of the establishment. The burgers are really good; however, I wouldn't say that they are better than In-N-Out. The Drinks are served in those triangular paper cups that are most notably found on the side of water-coolers and you kinda feel ripped off. There really isn't any aspect of great service in this place. Much like a Diner's Car on the corner of some street in Anytown, USA, you are there to enjoy the food that you ordered...and nothing else! Don't expect a warm smile or a friendly greeting when it's your turn to order.Finally, the Apple Pan is most well known for their apple pies that are served with a slice of American cheese on top. Although the combination of cheese and apple pie doesn't seem quite right, you will realize that this is certainly a classic combination! Think about it; Sweet and Savory! MMMmmmm! I have only been there once and I've found that that is plenty for me. Although I drive by there all the time, I don't have the urge to stop by and deal with the hassle of getting a burger and pie. I'll stick to In-N-Out!After hearing about this place for some time, I was craving a burger, and Apple Pan was the decision.There's something about this place that makes you feel like you've stepped back in time to the 50s, From the red stools, to the table layout, to the plaid wallpaper, to the wooden cash register drawers, it's got character!The burger doesn't look like much, but there's something about it that's just....special.  The ketchup was slathered all over the burger (a bonus in my book, I love ketchup in every bite), but I didn't expect the perfectly crisp mini-wedge of lettuce in the burger.  Usually lettuce is an afterthought in my book; here it PERFECTLY balances out the soft and squishiness of the rest of the soft bun burger.  The crunch in every bite and the lack of a need to shift around the ingredients in the burger to ensure each bite is the same...it's just...special.The fries were delightfully crisp as well and having the server pour a generous helping of ketchup out for me was unexpected.  I have to admit, this place isn't the best burger I've had, but it's unique in its own right nonetheless.  If in-and-out made these burgers, I'd be going there all the time.There's a routine to this place that the regulars know (stand in a disorderly line snaking around the walls of the restaurant as you eagerly wait for a seat to open up).  The regulars are more than willing to chat you up about how great this place is, and it just adds to the charm of this little establishment.  The service itself was great.  Our waiter was more than willing to explain the ins and outs of the menu and what was the most popular.Oh and I can't forget the mini-chalices you get your soda served in.  I dare say that it made my cream soda (standard-IBC) even more special.  The downers for this place?  Limited seating, limited pies (they ran out of a lot of them...although this is a testament to the popularity of the place...some people just come for the pies alone!)  I'll have to try them next time I go.  All in all, I'll be back here for sure.  It's just special and a must try just for the experience.  It's a piece of LA that hasn't been glamorized nor become a casualty to the organic, I want it this way, mentality that so many in this city have.  A "true" LA experience.I love the Apple Pan.  I really do.  I've never thought the waiters were mean or upleasant either.  They are really busy, but they have always been nice to me.  I really like the hickory burger with cheese and fries. I went this afternoon.  I had to wait around the edge of the place for a stool to open up, but not long and everyone seemed to pay attention to whose turn it was to sit next.Today I did a bad thing so I offer this as a warning.  There was plenty of  street parking on Glendon Ave, so thats where I parked.  I did not know that you aren't supposed to park on that street ever.  I discovered this when I noticed the ticket under my windshield wiper. Damn.  So my twenty dollar meal now cost me $75.  I hate the LA parking police with a passion. Anyway, lesson learned. DO NOT park on Glendon or suffer my fate.My cousin comes back from school, and asks me if i ever heard of a place called Apple Pan. he goes, "apparently, its the best burger ever". In my mind i think. hmm to me the best burger is a nice half inch piece of meat, with provolone, sauteed mushrooms and bacon, and the essential dressings. but then again, i make the best burger ever (its the one i just described).anyways, this is a pretty good burger, had the steak and the the hickory. The steak is okay, its your standard burger. but the hickory, was something else. a slight hint of hickory "zing", made this piece of meat really memorable to me, and its what will make me come back for more. i'm sure this place inspired johnny rockets. but to describe it to you (for lack of better detail)...its johnny rockets but with a classier and older feel; witty/old man waiter included [he cracked a few jokes, called me kid, and knew the regulars by first name]. the fries were just right, and the apple pie was homemade and delicious. i have yet to try the banana cream pie.in short, if you feel like a quick bite and are in the area, apple pan can fix a burger craving.Mmmmmm, some of the best burgers in LA - along with great fries as well! :) My personal favorite is the Hickory Burger! I hear they are famous for their Apple Pies, but I don't find them to be all that great.The reason Apple Pan receives a 4 star review instead of 5 is because of parking and the long lines!  Make sure you have some time to spare when you go in.I kind of love this place. I love the older guys who work the front counter. I love the plaid wallpaper on the back wall. I love the burgers. I love the old school cash register.When we went, they were out of the giant apple pie they almost always have but we ordered a piece of blackberry pie. It wasn't that great and it was super small but our counter guy didn't charge us for it. So I guess it was a win?Pros- great burgers, great charm/ambiance for an old school diner, open a bit laterCons - Parking can suck, long waits if they're busy, CASH ONLY!, fries aren't that greatA-MA-ZING! I love love love the hickory burger and the fries are crisp and delicious as well. I've been here twice, once with the bff and once with the bf and both times were awesome. I usually don't like pie but their apple pie was awesome. Slightly expensive for a burger place, the bill comes out to about $35 for two people plus tip. The only reason I didn't give a full five stars was the weird seating. There's only counter seating and no waiting list so people wait around to swoop on a seat once someone else gets up. It gets annoying when you've been waiting for a while and someone steals the seat right in front of you.I went after seeing Huel Howser go there on his PBS Telly show.The prices seemed a little steep at first, but the burger was damn good. The fries could have been better, but the burger was great. They serve the canned cokes in little triangle paper cups like at the dentist, except in a big metal holder, very old skool, and i think it even makes the coke taste better.  I just ordered their basic burger (forget what they call it), and the prices have gone up considerably since they last updated their website...I would prefer the burger without their secret sweet sauce they put on it, so the next time I go, I'll ask for them to leave it off. The burger was great, regardless.The fries are probably done up in some health conscious grease or something, they are good but not great. I would recommend it, check it out, it's hella cool.I fancy myself a burger connoisseur, but with all the hoopla around Apple Pan burgers, I was disappointed.  The Hickory Burger, in my opinion, was  slightly better than an In-n-Out burger, but much more in cost.  I didn't think the Hickory Burger is nearly as good as a SF Saloon burger or the Counter.The service people are really nice.  Maybe I'll stop by again for a slice of pie.Hickory burger, fantastic! about $7 (cheese and bacon is extra)However, the real cream that they serve you for your coffee is unbelievable and the banana cream pie is the best. ever. (about $4.50 a slice or you can buy a whole pie for about $18).  We spent about $16 for coffee (w/ refills), tea (w/ refills), and two slices of banana cream pie. I've lived in Seattle, NYC and DC and there is no comparison.  Not even Magnolia Bakery in NYC's banana pudding can compare.  I dream of this banana cream pie.  I've even tried to re-create this.  There is no comparison to any other banana cream pie.  in the world. ever.  I challenge anyone to give me a better banana cream pie (which is not my "go to" pie...I don't even like pie! This pie made me love pie! This is the pie, what all pies need and should achieve to be.)  My husband had an orgasam in his mouth.  The crust is light and flaky.  They use fresh bananas and the pudding is not too sweet.  Robust!The fries are pretty damn good too.  Great diner/counter experience, those guys behind the counter have been there forever.  The last time we went, one of them said "see you tomorrow!" HA!CASH ONLY!!An LA Institution apparently. And if you're really craving a Hickory BBQ Burger then this place is pretty decent. The place is pretty small, a U shaped counter with maybe 30 seats. However, I'm not a huge fan of burgers that are drenched in BBQ sauce. I'll admit that if the burger didn't have so much sauce on it, it would probably have been pretty decent. However for the price of the burger, I'd rather go to In N Out and grab a double double comboWent here the other nite with my better half and it was incredible! The menu is super small but yummy, yum yum. The pies, as the name implies, are the thing and worth a try. This place is nestled amongst huge, big business strangeness in west la and is a great local spot worth your moneyWhat I like most about this place, other than it's tasty burgers, is how much it reminds of a a Warren, Ohio gem:  The Hot Dog Shop.  For those of you who don't know, it's local institution, and the Apple Pan is quite similar, though a bit smaller.The Apple Pan has a simple, no-fuss menu.  The make a few things well, so there's no delay surveying endless variety.  Fire and forget.  I have only tried the apple pie, and it's good.  I will go back soon to work through the menu.Here's the rub: I heard about this place, because MSN listed them as one of the best burgers in the US. WHAT?! Seriously? That cannot be true. But it is so ridiculously close to my place I thought, give it a try. Be warned: cash only! This normally kicks a point off for me, but this place is so yummy that it doesn't even matter. They really only have 2 burgers (steak and hickory), and I've only had the hickory. But it's pretty great. They add a giant stack of lettuce, but it doesn't dilute the flavor at all. Fries are good, not fantastic, but they play the perfect wing-man to the burger. I don't need my food competing for my adoration. I've also had their apple and pecan pies which I swear must be made on site. I'm a fiercely loyal consummer, and I will continue to introduce friends to Apple Pan. Easily tied with Father's Office for favorite burgers in LA.Also be aware that seating is around a counter so you have to wait for some one to get up before you can be seated. It's... different.Limited, U shaped counter seating. Usually a line and a wait. Older, Male waiters wearing old school counter uniforms. Takes you back in time. You are served on cardboard or paper serving trays and cups. A real treat if you are a patient and fun loving person. If you demand Immediate and quick service this is not the place for you. Burgers are good and a bit Pricey. I LOVE the Banana Cream Pie. Family and friends have ordered their other pies and raved about them too. I usually take a Banana Cream Pie home, again, a bit pricey but worth it. When I have family or friends visiting from out of town, this is a place I proudly share with them. Go hungry, WITH CASH, be patient and have a good attitude. I think you'll be glad you did.Due to prices and the hamburgers not being awesome but good, I gave them 4 stars.PARKING NOTE / WARNING:There is a private parking lot, but it is very small. The residential street parking nearby is PERMIT PARKING ONLY. DO NOT Risk getting a parking ticket. There is Meter street parking nearby as well as other parking lots, but you may have to drive around a bit to find them.Great burger place! I love the burgers on the menu, banana pie with ice cream is my favourtite after a meal. Service is good, straight to the point. They dont put on a smiley face mask like other typical restaurants. A small downside to this place is that they only take cash, not a problem but a good meal can get pricey. One time I had to run to the ATM across the street to withdraw some extra cash because I ate a lil too much lolHad the hickoryburger and a piece of apple pie with ice cream. Very efficient and well made. Fries were good.PROTIP: Be ready to order or rage might ensue.Hickory burger w tilamook is unreal!  My roommate told me about this place and we hit it up on a Wednesday. Didn't know what to expect; but left a happy customer.Seating sucks.  It is part of the ambiance so you just need to suck it up and wait.Hickory burger must have been the model of all burgers.  Smoky flavor w the cheddar was awesome.  Fries were just fries.  Old timer working the counter added to the vintage character of the place.There's nothing like a greasy old fashioned burger to end a night.  I only came here, because Huell Howswer told me to.  The Hickory Burger is good.  They serve their soda in an old-school paper-cone.FYI..the pie sucks.  Tastes like Costco apple pie.The Apple Pan is a venerable LA institution.  If you have guests from outside the U.S. (and they eat beef & like burgers), I highly suggest you bring them to the Apple Pan for a taste of Americana. The ambiance is amazing: simple, old school, comfortable.  The service is quick & efficient.  It was the perfect place to end up after a night of drinking.   The hickory burger, french fries, & a big cup of water sobered me up nicely.  I LOVED the sharp cheddar cheese on the burger, but there was too much sauce, which was a bit sweet.  Next time I will ask for some hot sauce.  That will balance out the flavor perfectly for my palate.  I really enjoyed the thick layer of crispy iceberg lettuce.  The french fries were hot & fresh & perfectly crispy on the outside & fluffy on the inside.  I added some salt.     I ended up at the Apple Pan hours after the S&P downgrade of U.S. debt, & it was just what I needed to remind me of everything that is good & right about America.  Thanks, Apple Pan, for cheering me up!I've been eating here since I was 18, and while that may sound like a long time to me,...it's great to hear the stories from the old timers who have been eating there since even before I was born.Apparently the only thing to have changed in the past 64 years was a handful of employees, and the large stainless steel hood above the grills. Highly recommended is ANYTHING on the menu. My favorite though is the Hickory Burger w/ Tillamook Cheddar,... and I'll share a serving of fries with whoever I'm sitting with. It's a large serving of fries, especially when you're saving room for pie, and the pie of choice is the Banana Creme. (Second choice is the Cherry Creme when it's in season)Yum.  I love the no-nonsense atmosphere and the no-frills dining experience.  That's when you know they're serious about their food.  I recommend the Hickoryburger because it has a great smoky flavor to it.  The fries are so-so, but when you're going for a good burger, the fries don't seem to matter as much.  Please save room for dessert because that apple pie with Dutch Vanilla ice cream (that's right) is fantastic.  Writing about it now makes me want to go back.This place has two of my favorite things in the world: amazing burgers and PIE.The burgers are probably the 3rd best in the city (Umami and Father's Office are #1 and #1A). I always get the hickory smoked burger, but the regular is great too. But whatever you have to do (skip fries, no soda, etc) save room for pie!!!! They are all so good. Do it a la mode (which means "with mode"). You can even grab a pie to go or for the holidays.This place is very close to 5 Stars, but I hold back because the counter is small and sometimes hard to get a seat and I hate crossing east of the 405 (even though it's only about a mile past).The guys behind the counter are a trip! They bark at you like you're an idiot and just when you're about to get pissed off, they do something really nice. One of my favorite places!This place has been mentioned to me by so many people in the past but I never seemed to get myself there since it was kind of out of the way for me.  When I finally got there my first impressions were that it's a small old fashioned looking diner so with all the rave about it I was sure the food HAD TO be good. I tried both the classic steak burger and the hickory burger.  Simple yet it did the job!  Although, if I were to come here again I would be ordering 2 of the hickory burgers and fries.  Everything seems to be made so simple yet it had a distinct taste and the way the burger was arranged so neatly and cut down the middle, I NEED to come back.  If the burgers and fries didn't do it enough for me, I had to try the Apple pie.  The place is called THE APPLE PAN. A pricey slice of pie but to be honest, you can't leave this place without trying this or one of their other pies.  It's worth the money.Here I am. 8 miles later to get some banana pie and they're out. Jonah Hill, the fat dude from superbad is sitting across from me, and I think to myself, Why am I here?I never venture to the westside. Everything seems to be trendy and lacking in substance. To save room for pie, I had a swiss cheese sandwhich on rye. BLASPHEMY! sad sad cheese and sad bread and a heap of lettuce. No mayo.Save your money and go somewhere else. I give it three stars because it was funny to see that nearly everyone in the place was an actor/ress of somekind. I like Umami. Go there.Update:  Still awesome.We had Apple Pan pies at our wedding instead of cake.  HUGE HIT!  It's all everyone talked about.  Pecan, Chocolate Cream, Banana Cream and of course, Apple.P.S.  Hickory Burgers are amazing, too.I always tell visitors Apple Pan's one of my top burger joints (other than Father's Office and Umami), but hadn't been in a while.  So glad I went back.  Although you smell like the place hours after your meal and you have to be like hawks to ensure proper seating order (2 separate elderly couples had people waiting in front of them and they totally cut them) - you're gonna be a happy little piggie afterwards (and if you're hungry the service is super fast).  We got a hickory burger and steak burger.  It was my first time getting the steak burger and I gotta say EH - I'll stick to the hickory (smokier meat and better flavor combination).  You can taste the burger meat more in the steak burger, but with only a slightly complimenting relish sauce it's barely a step above in-n-out.  A couple next to us ordered hickory sauce for their fries - so we did the same.  The hickory sauce just tasted like slightly tangier ketchup, but it's good to know it's an option.  I also used to insist on ordering the fries here well done, but no need anymore.  For some reason I liked the exact medium crispiness they came standard.  Since I love the gimmick of the old-school way they serve soda (paper cone in a metal stand) I had to get a rootbeer.  And after all that we still had room for the apple pie a la mode.  They split it for us (without us asking) which was appreciated and convenient.  Apple pan, I'm mad about plaid (wallpaper), and I'm still mad about you.Feels like I'm eating a burger in the 50's.  Great hamburger diner on Pico Blvd.  The burger's homemade "relish" tastes fresh and is a great touch to an old school tradition.  Maybe one or two dollars overpriced but still worth it.  I didn't go during peak hours so there wasn't a line and I quickly sat myself.I'd definitely go back.   The Apple and Banana pie looked awesome. Good food, cool diner atmosphere with the only seats in a horseshoe shape. You aren't going to have the best burger in the world here but you'll have a quality burger combo for about $12... Burger, Fries and a cold coke.I believe it's cash only.What I like most about this place is the honesty.Is not like one of those pretentious LA places where the waiters act like:they are doing you a favor or their smile is as fake as their spray on tans..You know those other places in the west side (father's Office) where they serve you a "burger" on a sad baguette and the cook tells you there is absolutely NO substitutions?Don't even think about asking for ketchup!!  You are not ALLOWED to put ketchup on your own burger that you are paying for.It isn't cheap either! You might think if the cook gets to boss YOU around, it would be almost free to dine there, right? At the apple pan what you see is what you get!BurgersFriesPiesThe burgers are served on a burger bun and you can pour ketchup to your heart's content.The dudes working the counter would not know how to fake a smile or stare at the ceiling thinking of the day when Robert Rodriguez or any big shot Director or producer will come in and they'll get a big part on a burger making movie.All they want to know is what burger you want so they can tell the cook and bring it back. They are fast and friendly....enough, that's all I want.Who goes to the apple pan for ambiance?That wall paper has been there since the place opened.It's counter style, so you go there to ........EAT!what a concept.And, sure the burger meat was frozen, so what? I've cooked frozen burgers before and they don't taste nearly as good as they make it here, so more power to them.Last time I was there a Jersey Shore situation look alike guy was complaining when he heard the "cash only" part, what an inconvenience!!! blah blah blah.Inconvenient is getting your hand caught in between two boulders in the desert while hiking, when you are miles away from civilization, making sure you have money in your pocket when you go out to eat, is just common sense.Hickory burger and fries andChocolate cream pie....love it!Thank you Apple Pan for being the way you are, don't ever change!Loved loved loved this burger. The kind of burger I'll  be thinking about for a long time to come. Maybe next time I'll have two and skip the fries. Delicious. Best in LA? I'm not sure. I love Astro Burger on S. Monica and Gardner. That one is killer, as is the Fatburger across the street. Father's Office is great but too much sauce for me. Apple Pan... it had great balance, great beef, toasted bun, crisp lettuce, great cheese, fantastic sauce. Yeah.... my mouth is watering now. I want to go back. Feed me, Apple Pan. Feed me. This might be love. Will you take lust for now?Apple Pan by far is one of the best burgers I've had in my life!The hickory burger with a root beer is amazing. If you have not experienced it yet in a trip to La make the trek and see what you have been missing out on. Everytime I go to LA, I have to stop here. I love the fact that it's kept it's old school diner look. My buddy tells me the same people have always owned the place as well. Be Prepared to wait if you plan to eat inside, but I believe you can order and then pick up the food if you want take out.I must say their good old  fashioned burgers are delightful.. But the burgers aren't the only reason i come here. It's the heavenly  pies. Try the apple pie with ice cream you won't regret it.The hickory burger was really good, but it tasted like it had hickory powder, not like it was cooked over hickory. Also a little too much iceberg lettuce. The banana pie was great!  I expected this to be inexpensive, but it wasn't; burger and pie was over $15.Burgers and pies are two of my favorite things in life, that is one of reasons why I desperately had to try The Apple Pan, but most importantly it's like a landmark. It sure felt like one when I stepped inside... with it's counter only seating which maxed out at 20+ seats and antique cash register..no credit card...cash only. Then there's the burgers, the hickory burger aka the "original' and steak burger. Very simple beef patty burger grilled on the stove top, topped with mayonnaise, lettuce, pickle, cheese, and their signature hickory sauce which is a cross between ketchup and bbq sauce, which was a bit overwhelming for my taste. Decent average burger.. Fries are frozen..I had the banana cream pie..the crust was more on the gram cracker side..all in all..okay pie..could of used some more cream. Drinks are served in these cool paper cup things..must be the way it was done in the past. Not a good place for large group since there are only counter seating, and seating is by honor system."Vintage" for all your senses. Fresh, old fashioned. All the sights, sounds, smells of a vintage burger joint. Cooks in bright whites, Simple throw back menu items with "special sauces" less is more at the Apple Pan. Burgers, grilled cheeses, tuna and egg salad sandwhiches to die for.. And, the name sake.. Apple Pie!  Grab a can soda, and enjoy an old fashioned root beer or cream soda in a vintage paper cone cups. Don't forget the cash! Nothing on credit in this joint.If you are not discussing a "gourmet" style burger, but talking about a traditional old school style american hamburger, then the discussion ends here. Seriously. Any place that has been around for as long as it has, needs no qualifications or apologies. Its a total experience that can't be compared to any other new burger joint, so don't even try. Don't like to wait in line, boo hoo. Go after prime hours (yes they're open till midnight folks).  There is a reason that people stand in line for extended periods of time: The food, period. Not the hype. It's a place that every other fake "50s style" burger place like Johnny Rockets has tried to be. It's the best burger in LA, and probably my death row burger.Yeah, all is true re: the price, the burger quality, the history and the ambience, but I didnt have time to scroll through to see if anyone brought up their banana cream pie....Completely slipping. Best slice of pie up and down the PCH; pudding on the bottom, sliced bananas stacked to the level of the simple pie crust, all topped with homemade, artery-hardening whipped cream -  cold milk and hot coffee required. Hard to believe that LA is the home of the burger, but seems to be.Great burger and the fries are good but the secret is to ask for them well done. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.The burgers are a little bit on the pricey side but they are worth every penny.Definitely mostly hype. Both burger and pie overcooked--patty was not juicy and apple chunks were mush. Generic buns, iceberg lettuce, no tomatoes (!).For the price and wait and ambiance, why bother?Nothing that special about this placeBurger was pretty good ..but not good enough to compensate for beingoverpriced and bad service .It wasn't even crowded and the guy was rushing us out of there,can't imagine if it was busy.If I am in a hurry to eat a burger I will go to In-n-outI was looking at reviews about this place earlier. Thinking about getting supper here but 500+ reviews changed my mind. Its saturday night. I couldnt imagine how crowded this place could be.Otw to another destination, we passed this place, and wonder why its so empty. I mean empty like it was closed. But surprisingly I saw a man walking in. So we changed our mind, and parked nearby. We walked in and find a couple of seats.I had a steakburger and It was amazing!I am always on diet. Everyone knows that. But, this burger is soooo good, that the satisfaction of eating it win over my guilt. Basically, I gulp the whole burger and lots of fries. I even shared a piece of cherry pie with my bf. Cherry pie was awesome. I dont really like cherries, but since they ran out of apple pie so we were kinda desperate. Trust me, if u like burger or if u dont (my bf doesnt like anything between breads and he still thinks its GOOD), you should try it!Oh man, the best burgers in west LA. We usually get ours to go, and we always order like 8 extra to take home (we have a busy pad and they get devoured quickly.) Yes the place is small, yes I suppose you could regard the staff as "crabby old men" as many people have here - but it's a fast turnover, and in my multitude of experiences here, the old men have been nothing but super sweet and attentive. They're old, they stand on their feet for hours, it's hot back there by the grill, and they have to deal with a LOT of peeps. And I think a couple of them have worked there longer than most yelpers have been alive. My mouth is literally watering thinking about Apple Pan right now. Crazy delicious yummy burgers.PS - it's cash only! :)You'll definitely get what you pay for in terms of atmosphere. The pricy and small steak burger is nothing special. The fries are so-so and felt too starchy. You sit at a crowded counter where you can talk to strangers if you'd like. There's sandwiches on the menu, which I'd like to try one day. I was expecting more from the hype. Thank you Huell Howser!Been going here for about thirty years. It's much pricier than most burger joints. So, let your price worries go when judging. You've been warned. The fries are either one of the best in L.A. or just okay, depending on what I have no idea. The steakburger is one of L.A.'s classics. I love the Tillamook cheddar cheese. I love the relish. It has too much lettuce though. I asked for less once, but was given an indignant look by one of the servers who I think was there the first time I ate there. As said, I only did that once. And I'm not at all bashful. I think I just felt like I perpetrated a crime, without feeling guilty about it.I had a sandwich once instead of a burger, cos they looked so good when i saw them. It was really good. I can't remember which one it was. I love getting a Dr. Pepper there and drinking it in the paper cone they give you, full of ice. I love the glass bottles of Heinz ketchup. They're named for pie. The apple pie is pretty good, but there is a huge dome of air because they don't use pie birds. Not sure what to think about that. The Dreyer's ice cream that they have to get with the pie is the best vanilla ice cream I've ever had. Where the hell do they get it? It's like triple super duper french vanilla. Yes, I will go to the Apple Pan periodically for as long as I live in or visit L.A. I guess I am more than a fan. This is one of my childhood haunts.I'm a fan, because I like going there. The experience is positive and I don't have any gripes, but it is EXPENSIVE.They charge for cheese, and no refills on the soda because they give you a can with a paper cup.Otherwise, it's worth it if you're craving a decent burger. What's a decent burger? It's not the huge steakhouse style with bacon mushrooms and other toppings. This is the In-n-Out style burger wrapped in paper halfway around the bun.I'm a burger lover... notoriously so. And I actually think it's not too bad.Burger nirvana.  The hickory burger with cheese is perfection.  The lettuce is perfectly crisp, the fries perfectly fried, the bun perfectly warmed.  The banana cream pie is always the best, and the apple pie is right behind it.  You also can't go wrong with the steakburger or the tuna sandwich.  Hector who mans the right side deserves special recognition.A delicious LA institution! Been eating their burgers since I could eat burgers and my father ate them long before he introduced them to me. There are a few things to consider when ordering to truly experience all that is Apple Pan: 1) Get a hickory burger - it's their pride and joy! Cheese or not.2) Order your fries "well" if you like crispy fries. (These are not the mealy, flaccid In-n-Out jobs...)3) If you like coffee, ask for iced coffee to drink. They twice brew their coffee so it doesn't dilute too much in the ice. And the cream they give you to mix in is the real stuff. (Do NOT tell your MD about this meal!)4) Get pie. They're all good. Get it a la mode if it's fruit!And don't take the gruff, efficient manner of the staff personally. A couple of the servers there have seen me many times, watched me grow up and now bring my kid there. I get a head nod of a greeting, a "How have you been?", nothing more. The only real smile I've seen came to my little boy when I brought him in for the first time.This place is still busy even at 10p on a Saturday (maybe because it's one of the few places open late). The burgers are pretty standard but good (I asked what the difference was between the Steak burger and the Hickory burger - they're the same except for the sauce. The steak burger has a bit of a sweeter sauce while the hickory burger has bbq sauce). I had the hickory burger and a slice of apple pie. The burger was good and moist with a big stack of crisp iceburg lettuce. The pie was pretty good too (I think it's like a quarter of the pie...). Service is brisk and the burgers come in paper wrapping like at In-n-out (no plates... I recommend efficient napkin usage).Overall, the food was good, but nothing out of the ordinary.Do you love classic American Hamburgers??Then you must try The Apple Pan!!  I have dreams of their burgers, and they're very good dreams.  This place has been a cornerstone of the West Los Angeles culture for decades, and that's a very long time for Los Angeles.  There is something about the balance of their smokey Hickory burger and the ever so delicious Steak burgers that will keep you coming back for more.The ingredients are all of the highest quality and the staff has been doing this for years.  It's an art.  Just typing this right now I can't stop thinking about the wedge of lettuce and meat that's just a little too big for the bun, the melted cheese and the mouth watering sauce.Oh, they also have fries and apple pie.  Amazing!For yelpers that think it's a bit too pricey, well you really do get what you pay for in life.One of the best burger in LAYou should try Banana Pie as well as Apple pieI wrote a full review on 'Chasburger: Los Angeles Burger Blog' here.chasburger.blogspot.com/…Nom nom nom this place is so good. Ive been coming here since i was a child and nothing has changed except the cups they use for water. Man i love the hickory burgers here and the apple pies with ice cream. So bomb so bomb.I love eating at an establishment that has both a vibe as well as good food.When you eat a burger here, you are eating what LA once was, not a modern take on what it can be with their countless combinations and options. Eat here and it will definitely take you back without trying to be retro.Sure, there is countless burger joints in this town, some may be better, but for other reasons entirely. There is one underlying reason why I like this place than most others... there is only one...  and everything here is served as it was half a century ago.I'm all about the aesthestics, and this place has that in spades.This is my first review as a resident of this state; and I'm happy to start with this establishment.Came here after my brother raved about it.I didn't find it that great.I've been trying burgers in southern and northern California to find the best, and this one is not even close.The meat was tasteless, the hickory sauce was too overpowering, and the produce and bun were nothing special.The best part about the trip to Apple Pan was the pushy waiter. When you go, don't take it to heart. He is actually a great person. Was very nice to my wife, and made a joke about her hanging with three smelly guys.Just wish he served at a better tasting establishment.The Apple Pan is known as one of the oldest and most famous places to eat in the LA area. The ambiance of the small diner is fun, especially sitting at the counter directly in front of the kitchen. The service is nothing to write home about, but it is fun to watch them prepare your food and use the ancient cash register. When dining at Apple Pan you definitely feel warm and cozy sitting next to strangers and right in front of your servers.While the atmosphere is great, the food could be better. The burgers are nothing special. If you order a burger, I would recommend the Hickory Burger or the Steak Burger. Each comes with lots of lettuce, relish, and a fresh patty. Cheese costs a little extra, which is strange to me. Anyways, I would prefer In N Out burgers over any of the ones made here because they are both cheaper and tastier.  On the other hand, the pies are delicious and come in large portions. The banana cream pie is bomb! It's got a tasty cream with a little bit of custard on top and a hefty amount of bananas. For all people who love bananas, I highly recommend this at Apple Pan. The only downside to the large slice of banana goodness is the price ($7-8). The other pies are just average. I found the apple pie and the pecan pie to be a little dry and not very warm. But overall, the pies are the true stars at Apple Pan, not the burgers.For the eaters willing to wait a little bit for a seat at the counter and to spend money on dessert, Apple Pan is great. The service is fast and the place is homey. But go elsewhere for a more satisfying burger.This place is awesome.  It is authentic. It isn't trying to be a hip diner or anything of the sort.  It is  a 1947 diner that probably has the original wall paper.  I love it.  So all you people who argue over the quality of the burger or how it could be better organized:  go to your little foodie havens and hang out.   Apple Pan doesn't need you.What is phenomenal are the pies.  I buy them for parties and gatherings and everyone is blown away.  The apple is of course great, but the banana cream is possibly the best I've ever had.  It is my son's favorite, I pick it up for his birthday nearly every year, he is now 29.  They also do a boysenberry cream that is good.   When you ask for cream on your pie that give you a huge dollop of freshly whipped cream. Nothing is too sweet, apples are not overcooked and there area  ton of bananas in that pie.I like the basic food and the whole flow of the place. Yes it is crowded and such, but everyone seems to go with the flow and I've never really had a problem.Good basic burgers and sandwiches - the swiss cheese and the egg salad are great.  Just be glad there is this little shack among all the high rises and chains that persists and gives us a bit of color and a slice of good pie in our livesYum!  This place has delicious burgers and excellent service.  Came here on a lunch date with my roomie around noon on a Friday, and we were in and out in half an hour, despite a disconcertingly long lineup on the wall when we first walked in. I take off one star only for the lack of organization with the whole line situation.Roomie got the hickory burger - juicy, tender, bbq-saucy goodness.  I had the steak burger... it was also delicious, but next time I'd ask them to go easy on the relish.  The flavor can overpower the steak if it's laid on thick.  The burger itself keeps the steak-like texture, which confused my mouth, but the flavor/texture combo of steak, mayo & relish was pretty killer.  Fries were awesome too.  Crispy outside, melty inside...mmmmmm.Another service plus, besides the speed and efficiency, was the way the guys behind the counter refilled roomie's drink (even though the can was on the table) and handed us napkins when things started getting messy (even though the napkin dispenser was also on the table)... all this during lunchtime rush & without skipping a beat.  I can't wait to come back to try desserts!I've been coming here for more than 30 years and the Apple Pan never disappoints. I've tried every sandwich on the menu, but my favorite is a Hickoryburger with cheese (Tillamook cheddar). The hickory sauce is nicely tangy and sweet, and goes very well with the mayonnaise, lettuce (tons!), pickles, cheese and beef. Also, after a hard day at work, who doesn't appreciate not having to pour your own ketchup for your fries?And if you like banana cream pie, do not miss the Apple Pan's. It is so freaking good.Hickory burger is a so cal staple. Been around since 48 or close to it and the staff have too seemingly. Consistently great food and cheap.Happy B-day Apple Pan. That's right, today the apple pan turns 65. Just got back and couldn't wait to write my review. So this is actually my second time going there. I've had the steak burger and now i've tried the hickory burger. It's hard to choose, they're both my favorite. Definatley in the top 5 best burgers i've ever had. Fries are good, nice and golden brown. Also, their apple pie is the second best i've ever had. I always order my apple pies with a slice of cheese on top. That's old school diner food. Plus, their pecan pie is the best i've ever had. Love the sodas in the paper cup and steel holder.Rankings       1 - 10 with 10 being the bestLocation   -   9  Right on the corner of Pico, across from all the shopsService    -    8  Quick, freindly, and politeAmbiance  -  9  Total time capsule, straight out of the 40's and 50'sSelection   -  5   It's a simple menu, but everything is done perfectlyFood       -     9   Amazing, thick, juicy patties. And the relish on the steak burger, and the bbq sauce on the hickory burger are great.Overall    -    9  it's just a special little placeOne of the first places I went when I started UCLAThis is a sentimental favorite of mineThe atmosphere is great, got that old school vibe...because it is old schoolBurgers are consistently great. My favorite is the hickory burger with cheese and it always goes down smooth. The fries are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside...in other words deliciousOnly had the pie once and to be truthful I did not think it was that great so I just stick with the burger and friesWarm 50s diner setting.Simple menu.  Fast great service.  Great burgers.  Fresh fries. Delicious Coffee.  Fresh Pies. Cash Only.If I have a friend that hasn't been there, I treat them to this place.  If heaven has a diner like this, I'll be on my best behavior for the rest of my life.  :)I even enjoy eating here alone.  I wish more restaurants would operate like Apple Pan.Legendary burger in LA. Very old school diner feel with counter top service only. The Hickory burger is the way to go as long as you like a smokey ketchup like sauce. Make sure to save room for pie because they are also famous for great daily selections. Only complaint is the way you get a seat. It's first come first serve and if you have more than 2 forget it unless you're willing to sit apart. I wish they had a number system because people who don't know the system cut in front of others all the time. Go in, look at who has obviously been there longer than you and wait your turn. Great food at a great price. Quality Forever!!!!I've been coming here since I was a toddler. Aside from the nostalgia factor the Apple Pan serves up one of my favorite burgers. As you can imagine I'm a huge fan of the hickory burger. The food is always fresh and tasty. I have never had a soggy fry here. Their pies are a force to be reckoned with (Apple being the obvious choice).The hickory burger is where it's at! So now you  know what to order- but bring cash - and space is TIGHT. It reminds me of the Seinfeld Soup Natzi - you get counter top space a few choices and the service was minimal. But with that said, the burger was good and the Fries were REALLY good.  Now for the apple pie - um no. It was so sweet, the crust tasted burnt and it was $8 - YES EIGHT dollars for one slice - oh yell no.  Don't think I'll be running up there again, but nice to try an old diner spot.Great burgers with an old school diner kick. Made to order right in front of you, worth a try they are delicious.  Can get hot inside and as you know, very crowded. Great burger for a decent LA price.OG burger heaven. Classic burgers. Fun setting. Cash only. Turn up.It's hamburger week, and I had never been to The Apple Pan. So drove from Orange County. Went right when it opened on Sunday at 11:00 so we had no problem with waiting. Was very surprised at how small it is, just a u shaped counter, very cute. The waiter was amazing. Took order, we got the hickory burger and regular burger with fries, and twice poured the catsup for us. The burger was one of my husbands favorite burgers he has eaten. I thought it was very good, hope to go back soon!The burgers are great, better than we expected. Fries are satisfactory, normal. The pie was disappointing. We were happy with service, super attentive and quick. The first come counter seating system was fun, and the wait isn't bad. Turnover is pretty quick. Look forward to returning.Maybe not the best burger in town, but easily the best burger experience in town.  The place won me over initially because it's a dumpy little building from the forties, digging in in an area that's become a commercialized, Southern Californian shopping district.  You know they must be doing alright to not sell out to the developers who have taken an eye to the neighborhood.Once inside, the Apple Pan is a quaint set-up.  A large counter with limited seating.  The longer people wait for a spot at the counter, the more it begins to resemble Lord of the Flies.  On more than one occasion, I've almost come to blows with someone who arrived after me and tried to snatch a seat opening up.The food is very good.  They have a small menu, which allows them to do what they do and to do it well.  The help is sometimes surly, as has been mentioned, but that tends to be during rushes, and discourages people from lingering at the counter and preventing other people from getting seated.  I've been in there when it was quiet, and the staff is very friendly.  The first time I ever ate there, the ketchup in my tray was refilled every single time I dipped a fry into it.The cup holders alone are very nearly worth the price of admission.  They are a bit overpriced, but when I look at their neighborhood and see the developers closing in, I'm happy to pay a little more to keep them afloat.(As for the parking, I admit I'm a little puzzled, since there's an ENORMOUS, FREE parking lot across the street...)This place FINALLY gets 5 stars in my book since their health inspection rating is now an 'A'    YAHOO!!!!!  Apple Pan has quite possibly the BEST burger in West LA.  Be aware that it's small size does make for long wait times.It's been a while since I've been here and I don't plan on going again anytime soon. It was recommended by a friend who ranted and raved about it and it simply just didn't live up to the hype. The food was okay, but nothing special. Everyone who goes there will tell you the staff isn't friendly and sometimes downright rude. I simply can't recommend going and waiting so long for food that is so mundane and overpriced and a staff that can barely tolerate your presence.I had heard so much about this place so the last time we was in LA we went. Was a cool place very old school, and the silver things they put the cone drinks holders in was very neat. The fries were really good and I got he burger with there relish sauce. Was good but nothing that blew my mind, but the overall experience was great !The stuff of legend. I'm not a patient man so when it gets busier I wouldn't care to wait and fight for a seat at the counter. Once seated it probably took 15 minutes to order, eat and pay. I can appreciate that.The burger is delivered quickly and incredibly good. Not a fan of the relish they drop on the steakburger, but with experience I can now avoid that. The service is a bit curt, but the fast pace is what keeps it moving. Get here for lunch, turn back the clock and escape the pretension of everything else in life.One of the best burgers in the city of angels.  Hickory or Steak either one melts in your mouth.  The servers are quick and efficient. They may be short with you but they get the job done.  Know what you want before you  and dont ask for tomatoes.  I try to go here at least once a month.  Steak Burger. Fries. Creme Soda. Banana creme pie.   in that order.Great burger. Its usually packed, but thats part of the charm. Some of the friendliest restaurant service I've ever had. Seating is "first come first serve" and uses the "honor system". Quick seating turnover typically. This is one of the best burgers in LA - never disappoints. **Cash only. There is a Wells Fargo ATM/Branch right next door.This place is alright but not the best burger in LA in my opinion.  After much ranting and raving we checked it out this weekend.  Many a folk have told me about the quality of the burgers and if something's been around as long as this place it has to be good, right?  Well sure, kinda.First off, not a place to go with a big group of folks as it's always packed and the only seating is the giant U shaped counter.  The chances of sitting together are slim to none but this review isn't about the ambiance.  It's about the burger and pie.  Good burger but not great.  I'm not a fan of relish and their secret sauce is pretty much just relish.  I wish I had known and gotten my Steakburger without it.  There was a LOT of crisp lettuce on the burger which doesn't bother me in smaller amounts but it felt like I was biting into a head of lettuce around the center of the burger and it kinda put me off.  Without those two things though the burger was pretty darn tasty. I felt like the taste was similar to In-N-Out but the relish sauce really overwhelmed the taste. The Apple Pie and Boysenberry Cream pie were great.  Very friendly wait staff offered to cut mine and my friends in half so we could share.  It's no wonder this place has been around using the same recipe's for the last century... it works.  I've had better burgers and pie, sure but the atmosphere and little diner touches make this place a must visit for burger fans.  I'll definitely go back but this time I'll try the Hickory Burger or get my Steakburger without the sauce.Alright, I truly think you have to be a native to understand this place or, have really good taste and standards for a burger. The Hickory burger is unique in taste and succulence. This is a big burger with a good heap of lettuce and a bunch of fresh onions. This is a burger that you dig into and you come out sloppy. The fries are pretty decent and they serve your beverage in an old fashioned way, I recommend the cream soda. The service is excellent seeing as this is a hole in the wall joint, but hey, that makes it all the more charming.They've also got amazing coffee. I have no idea what brand they use, and I'm not an avid coffee drinker so it's saying something. Also, you can never go wrong with a slice of their pies. The people bitching about prices are exaggerating, I find the prices to be more than fair and well worth it. Would I eat here everyday? Probably not, but I don't crave burgers on a daily basis. I'd take this over In N Out any day of the week. Hell, I use to live within walking distance of this joint but have recently moved and drive 40 minutes just to eat here. Beware, it's closed on Mondays.Interesting looking place, but food is average.The ambience is undeniably cool.  Its an old school diner where you eat at the counter, the waiters look like they've been working there forever, and even the cash register they use is straight out of back to the future.The food, however, is not great.  I ordered the Hickory burger with cheese, and while the meat was pleasant, the overall burger was shockingly so so given all the glowing reviews on Yelp.  The lettuce comes in a huge wedge so, my 2nd bite of burger was 95% lettuce.  The relish is overpowering, and the bread isn't very special.  Fries are bland.If you want a great burger, Father's Office, In-N-Out, and The Counter are better.The burgers are great but over priced! This place has been around for years so I'm sure they don't have to much overhead. Which doesn't make sense why a burger is $6.75 plus .50 extra for cheese. They only have canned soda and bottled water so you cant get no FREE refills or even a free glass of water.For me value is almost as important as the quality and taste. I rather go to In-N-Out and get a Fresh double double animal style, fries and a drink for LESS than an apple pan burger.Apple Pan has earned its place on the list of LA's top burgers. Unfortunately, the deliciousness of its burger doesn't make up for the fact that there is just not enough seating in this place! Maybe that's what adds to the charm and the trendiness? I don't know.What's for sure is that we will never get 10 seats at the same time for the Burger Club (BurgerClubLA.com) to actually try this burger as a group, unless we go at like 3am on a tuesday (Are they even open then?). So instead, I ventured out to Apple Pan to try the burger myself with a buddy. IT WAS DELICIOUS. Easily a 4.5 on our scale in terms of taste. I highly recommend it.Here comes the bad parts: The wait for two seats was over 20 minutes. You get deducted for that. It doesn't matter how old fashioned you want to be, you guys gotta figure out how to control demand. You're leaving money on the table here. Even more importantly, once I was seated, I felt like I was being pressured the whole time to eat my food as quickly as I could and get the heck out of the seat for the next guy. that's just not the vibe I want when scarfing down to beef.Second, the place only takes cash. I know I know, it goes back to the charm and quaintness of the Apple Pan being so old fashioned... (or maybe it's because these guys aren't paying all their taxes and so only want to operate on a cash-basis)... regardless, you've heard me say this before, it's 2010. In about 5 years, i don't expect anyone to be walking around with cash in their pocket. It doesn't make sense. Yes, there is an ATM right across the street, but that's even worse. Paying a $2 surcharge to get money out to pay for an $8 burger is ridiculous. Get with the program people.So... my 4.5 drops to a 4 because of these issues. sorry Apple Pan, there are others around town that can provide a similarly delicious burger with much much less hassle.Of late I have been on a quest to crown the King of all LA burgers. There have been many pretenders to the throne but the Apple Pan's Hickory Burger has slain them all. The meat is tender and prepared perfectly every time. Somehow it always has just enough seared meat crunch and grill flavor but not never so much that it overpowers the flavor of the beef.  The bun is grilled a little, the lettuce is crisp, the onions I always add are...oniony. Maybe my favorite part is the interaction between the barbecue sauce and the Tillamook cheddar, that's where that magic happens. Add a cream soda and some fries and it's just heaven.Plus, the guys are great that work there, tip big!!!!!!I've been going to The Apple Pan since 1985 and I can say I've never had a bad burger! They are simply the best. Expect to wait for a seat if you go during peak eating hours. Then pick a side and wait for that one side which is the protocol over there. My regular waiter Gordon retired this year after 40+ years there. The next newest guy has been there over 20 years!!The Hickory Burger is the top recommended dish. Big mound of lettuce and mound of pickles & mayo does not interfere somehow with the delicious hickory flavor sauce, on a fresh beef patty. Grab it with a side of only fairly ok fries and save room for a heavenly hand made slice of pie. Their banana cream is my favorite! It can't be very good for you but man alive it's delicious!!I recommend going with a friend. It's how typical restaurants looked in the early 1940's. The recipes are all from the same family that has been operating it since it opened. Why change a good thing?FrankyBGo late.Bring cash.Get the Steakburger, Fries, and a soda.Lean back comfortably in your seat.Appreciate the help with the ketchup.The hickoryburger that everyone raves about is a little too sweet/salty for a person who just likes the basics in a burger.  The steakburger is better and cleaner burger to eat.  The fries are minimally salted so plan on using ketchup if you are used to McDo fries.  The staff is hardworking and courteous, so don't give them a hard time.  $6.75 for burgers and $2.25 for fries might seem a bit much compared to fast food, but I'm a fan of being able to eat with a buddy and pay less than $30 any day.There was a lot of hype leading up to my visit. The inside of the restaurant is really cute. One long diner style counter. The service was friendly and there are nice hooks by the window to hang your coat up. It echos back to a time when people would hang up their overcoat just to eat a burger.The burgers were VERY mustardy. Don't get me wrong I love me some mustard but this was STRONG. I still had the taste of mustard in my mouth a half hour later. Drinks were fine and fries were a little flimsy but overall edible. If I was in the neighborhood again I might stop in but I'm not going out of my way to eat there.Good burgers. Nothing fancy but the place has a folksy, charming vibe. The only time it stinks is when you have to wait in line for a barstool to eat these burgers. They're good but i wouldn't wait more them 15 minutes for them. Especially standing up in the back of the room waiting. Cash only. Let me repeat that. Cash only. So be prepared.Heard about this place and we were prepared for a wait. Got there 2:00 Saturday afternoon. Kind of a "bleak"  crowded interior, smaller than I thought it would be. Very few windows, the kitchen is the view from almost everywhere in the restaurant.Lots of people waiting inside around the counter, the counter is the only seating. We asked some of the other folks  that were waiting where the end of the line was, nobody knew. Then we asked a guy behind the counter and he just shrugged his shoulders. As we waited I noticed it was getting warm and stuffy. No AC, just fans on the ceiling and two of them weren't running. I see that when you're finally seated you have have people waiting for seats, standing 24 inches behind you. It's like people breathing down your neck while you're trying to eat.Next, saw some diners leave and two groups of people who were waiting immediately began a disagreement as to who was next in line. That seemed like the perfect time to find someplace else to eat.No, we didn't give it a real chance but The Apple Pan didn't give us much of a chance either. I'm not about to join a fistfight for a burger and fries.Ended up eating a half block away at an Italian place, cool, clean nice street views from the tables.I think this was the most efficient little burger joint in the world.  I think we were only there 10 or 15 minutes--and we sat down and ate our meal there!This is a cool little place to see because of its historical significance and its authenticity.  The food was just so-so, but nothing to complain about.  I think it was definitely a place worth going once, more if you live closeby.It's the experience!!!Even the servers who are characters are all apart of the atmosphere.  Please note that they are not really being surly, it's a part of the show.  The food is awesome!  The burgers are good and the pies are out of sight.  Only problem is there is a limited amount of seats, but I have never had problems finding a spot.  I'm scared to think of what it's like at the Pan when it's really busy!Here's the crazy part, it's like a landmark.  My mother was going to the Apple Pan when she was in College!!!  You can feel the history in that place.  If you are a tourist, this is a must stop place.  If you live here and you haven't been to the Pan... how is that possible?!Get a hickory burger, fries well done, a drink, and a slice of banana cream pie. The hickory burger may be the best burger in Los Angeles. But the vibe is what really makes this place a classic LA spot.Oh, and remember to order fast and don't break the "pick a side" of The Pan line etiquette. You need to choose a side of the counter (either left or right) and stick to it. If seats open up on the side you didn't pick, you're not entitled to those seats if people are waiting on that side. Even if you arrived before those people, you are obligated to stick to the side you choose upon entering. Enjoy!I'm not into writing negative reviews, but come on people what do you find here??? So it's a boring retro burger.  With its sweet pickle and ketchup trimmings, it would be good enough for a forgettable experience at truck stop somewhere in the middle of nowhere.  But in LA and with all the hype, why?  I see my niece only maybe once a year if that, and she apparently developed this little ritual with a family friend of going to the Apple Pan between Christmas and New Year when she visits her mom in LA area.  So they invite me to one of these ritual outings.  As I'm looking for parking I'm running a little late, so I get this annoyed phone call: "we already got a seat for you, so hurry," so I hurry.  As I finally arrive the situation becomes clear.  Here is my family perched on red barstools at a contiguous (how did they manage?!!) section of the counter.  There is a spot for me which is being reserved by a (by now cold) burger I'm about to eat.  You see they could not risk starting a riot by just holding on to an empty seat, certainly not with that huge crowd of impatient hungry onlookers waiting for their turn at the burger paradise at the counter.  I say quick hello and start gobbling up my burger hurried along by the laser-ray stares moving hair on the back of my head.  And let me tell you that I know something about lasers since I work with them every day for many years now.As though this was not enough entertainment for a memorable experience, more follows quickly.  The friend responsible for this already eventful outing steps out for a quick bathroom break.  On his return in a strike of some sort of Galactic justice an arguments erupts with a tall impatient man who is convinced that our friend is cutting in front of the line to claim the empty seat which he occupied just minutes ago before going to the bathroom.  We present an empty burger wrapper in evidence to the tall impatient man and plead understanding and forgiveness.  A fistfight is avoided. We finish our meal and we soon leave the premises.  This was certainly a singularly memorable experience for me and one never to be repeated.  I will always cherish this memory, but truth be told I managed to avoid drilling heads of already seated customers with my laser-ray vision by virtue of being late.  But what about the tall impatient man, what brings him here wonder?  I wish I could go back and ask...  I also wish if I ever start another business I'd have the same crazy success as this place.  What is their formula?  What started this insanity?  Somebody please explain!!!!Is this the best burger you ever had?  Probably not, but is it in the top 10? ABSOLUTELY.  Nothing bad about this burger and in fact it is one of the best.  But there is way more to this burger than the simple taste.  The whole experience is why you go the Apple Pan.  To experience the service which, yes, is OUTSTANDING.  The guys behind the counter, yes a counter - BUT, different than your typical diner counter; these guys have been there for years.  They like what they do and you can tell.  They service you from handing you fresh napkins (which you'll need because yes the burger is juicy) to shaking more ketchup on to your plate that is specifically provided to hold only ketchup, for the "knock it out of the park" fries.The hickory burger and the original are both worth the trip and the wait.  This is a must do in LA, if you are into an experience, honoring tradition and some great food.Came here on a Sunday morning. A very old school diner kind of place and they are proud of it. The burger was good, but nothing special. The burger was half lettuce and the other half ketchup. Somewhere there was a little bit of meat and cheese.But get the apple pie. It's just nice and simple apple pie. And it's delicious. Service was great. Extremely friendly and quick. If you're in the area, definitely worth stopping by.Worst apple pie ever- more water than apples on the plate, YUCK!Their hickory smoke burgers are a must!  They are some of the best burgers I have even had!  Fries are not bad,  and the pie is very good.  Not the best I have ever had,  but still very good.  Guys behind the counter seem a bit gruff,  but I think that is mostly because they are in a hurry since the place is so busy.  That is the one drawback to the place,  it is small,  can be a bit hard to get a seat,  and if you are there for very long and appear that you are getting close to finishing your meal,  people might be looking over your shoulder as they wait for your seat.  Other than that,  this place is a must for all burger fans!I love burgers... and I will gladly pay you Wednesday for a burger today :) This place is definitely a landmark, although I prefer Howard's Bacon and Avocado burger on Venice. This place is a counter style and you can watch them prepare your food. It was tasty but it was more of an experience rather than a burger blowing experience. There wasn't much I could say about the fries which I think really completes the burger experience... This place is over-rated but you have to try in once if you haven't. It's located across from the mall so you don't have to go far... but parking is a pain!It's popular- assume there is a wait.Bring cash! This place was a trip! Counter service only so it was a challenge to get four seats in a row. Luckily the guy I asked was a good sport and was willing to scoot him and his kids down a few seats so we could all sit together. They plop down the burger wrapped in paper right on the counter! The fries did come on a paper plate thank goodness. I liked the Hickory burger over the steak burger. It came with a kind of BBQ flavored ketchup, the steak burger had a pickle relish. The apple pie ala mode was a great treat! We all left happy, but not sure I would take the family back because of the seating.Bottom line, great food, ok service, not so great seating.I have been there countless times and I drive over a hour to eat there. I love this place in general, but I can't just give it 5 stars because of the consistency of the food. The burgers tend to be perfect and so damn good, you don't even need a drink. It seriously melts in your mouth. The pies are to die for, serious I think they put crack in them. They are that good! My fav is definitely the banana cream pie, oh I feel like driving there right now!My only complaint  is that their fries seem like they are double cooked and can be pretty inconsistent. Some are fresh and delicious and some taste like they dug them out of the trash can and refried them just for me. Overall I love this place, and will continue to go there! The interior is a bit dated but I guess that is what gives it character. You know I am a bit crazy to drive 1 hour to eat burgers, but always worth the drive. Cya at Apple Pan!I like the counter better, but this place is still excellent. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the lines are always long. That's a good sign though. Nice feeling inside. Ben around for ever and feels like a locate place for me down south.I am all for second chances in life. They say you only get one chance to make a first impressions but I sometimes you just have a bad day. This is what I thought when I first went to the legendary Apple Pan in Santa Monica, California. Maybe they just had a bad day? The small establishment has been around since 1947 and is known as one of the better burger joints in Southern Cali. The first go around I order the Steakburger served with mayonnaise, their own sauce, pickles, lettuce and melted natural Talamook cheese. The bun was nothing special, it was like the bun you would get in a high school cafeteria. The patty was not horrible tasting but not great. Just run of the mill. I really did not enjoy the pickles either. I am just not a fan. I walked out of Apple Pan the first time disappointed. Before I left I asked the chef behind the counter what I should of asked when I walked in, What is the best burger? He replied the Hickoryburger. I thought to myself, good job kid, go to a classic burger joint and order the wrong burger. Oooops.Because of this, I decided I must give Apple Pan a second chance and give this Hickoryburger a run. One thing you need to know, when I order an item for review I do not change anything on it. I believe to deliver a solid review you have to experience the dish the exact way the chef imagined it.I started my meal with a Coke Float. I just love the combination of vanilla ice cream and Coke. I think it is from my childhood. It was a constant growing up. It's funny because I don't like cream soda but I love drinking the Coke after the ice cream melts. Go figure? The Coke float was great but it does not take much to make it work. Coke and ice cream and you are set.Burgers and fries go together like pasta marinara and garlic bread, like Ken and Barbie. They just fit. The Apple Pan fries come out unsalted. I like that because too much salt can be overwhelming. When there is too much salt on fries they taste like salt sticks. The fries were crunchy and served very hot. Right out of the deep frier. I prefer my fries slightly under cooked, with a slight bend in them and mushy potato inside. These were not my favorite but they were good. Now own to the main attraction. The Hickoryburger is served with mayonnaise, thier own sauce, pickles, lettuce, and melted natural Talamook cheese. Reading the ingredients and comparing it back to the Steakburger it is easy to assume these burgers are going to taste pretty much the same.I am what movie goers and novelists reefer to as a hopeless romantic. I don't fall in love with love. I fall in love with food and the nostalgia that surrounds it. And when I see a burger that has been satisfying customers for 50 plus years I start to think the impossible. Like most hopeless romantics my yearning for _food_love fell short. Upon taking my first bite of the Steakburger memories of my first trip to Apple Pan flooded my head. Again, the same run of the mill burger. It might be a problem but I was expecting greatness. Same bun, I knew that, the burger patty was tasty, almost savory but just average. There was way too much lettuce, Imagine the burger standing 3-4 inches tall, 2 inches of that was lettuce. Their own sauce had a mild spice and smokey flavor to it. Nothing special at all. The pickles were no good. I removed the lettuce and pickles for the second half of the burger to see if I could salvage the meal. After removing the lettuce and pickles, the burger took on the visual characteristics of the Parker Medirien burger. Not even close to as good.At the end of the day, their special sauce did not move me. It was better without the pickles but even then it was just average. I have had better burgers at Carl's Jr, flame broiled baby!Knowing this would be my last time at Apple Pan I got a slice of pie. I had to, I mean the place is called Apple Pan, they must do this right? The pie was good, I will admit I am not much a pie guy, but I can still spot good when I taste it. It was served runny, and the apples had a nice cinnamon flavor. The apples were not too mushy either. The crust was a little on the thin side. I like my crusts thick like on pumpkin pie on Thanks Giving. The apple pie got much better when I used my fork to mash it all up. I like to get crust and apple in every bite. NOTE: This receipt is for three people. I did not eat alone. The food is very affordable.Out of 7 stars Apple Pan receives a 4. SLOTH Average, could be better, but not terrible. Kinda blah.been coming here my whole life, this is a major tradition when were in town.  BEST HICKORY BURGER, everything about it is shear perfection.  i wish i could duplicate the hickory sauce (does anyone know the recipe?).  good fries, amazing homemade banana cream pie.  one of a kind service, it wouldn't be the same if the old men there were nice, hahaha.my one complaint, the burgers are small & expensive, but hey, those old guys work their asses off so i wont complain.So overrated.  So disappointed.- Very limited seating (just a long counter)- Crowded, with people looming over you to hurry up and finish- $7.45 for their Steakburger.  The $5 you see on the menu is outdated.  - Steakburger tasted like bad In-N-Out- The whole place reeks of smoke; you'll walk out stinking of it- No tomatoes in their burgers!  What in the world...?  And this isn't a gourmet burger like Father's Office where the lack of tomato actually makes sense.Go to In-N-Out instead.  This place is not worth your time nor money.BEST BURGER IN LA!!! Love how you sit at the counter at this place--great atmosphere, very fast service, and...most importantly...YUMMIEST burgers! Very reasonably priced as well.  Small parking lot so parking can sometimes be a challenge, but that's LA for you ;) This place is worth it!!I probably don't have the right to review an L.A.institution like the Apple Pan,being that with menuitems like The Hickory Burger,Apple pan pies, and cheeseburgers,Steakburger,Southern Baked ham, and I ordered probably their least ordered item,The Egg salad sandwich! Don't get me wrong, when the Apple Pan makes an egg salad sandwich,they don't do too badly.Fluffy chopped eggs with mayonnaise and seasoned with spices,piled high between slices of your choice of breads,I got mineon rye bread.I like the combination of egg salad on rye bread, but,that's just me, maybe? I promise to update this review,  make a trip to the Apple Pan,  try everything on the menu,  gain 20 more pounds, and....on second thought maybe I'll just order something their really known for and save my waistline!! Have a great day and Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!Not a huge fan.  But if you can get in while it is not busy...why not... Has an east coast diner feel to it mixed with johnny rockets.The burgers are more hyped in my opinion.  Hate to say it but would rather have in n out.  Have good deserts however, and there is added value in the experience.  EnjoyyyI love hamburgers. Any time I try a new restaurant of any kind, I'll often try their burger first because how someone makes a burger says a lot about their food in general to me. As a result, I've eaten a lot of burgers.The Hickory Burger with the Tillamook Cheddar cheese is the best burger I've had yet. They don't just throw some hickory sauce on it.... they put hickory smoke in the meat while it's cooking. It's nothing fancy because it doesn't need to be. It's just really REALLY good.Been regularly going here since I was 10 (I'm 23 now) and have probably had about 200+ hickory burgers since then.  I'll try and run through the experience chronologically.1. Parking- They have a lot in the back (the side facing away from Pico) that can fit about 10 cars.  It's usually full but always worth a try.  What I generally do to get parking is park in the Wells Fargo lot right across the street.  If you're a customer, walk  up to the ATM and grab a 20 (this will get any daytime parking attendants off your back) or just walk through the branch and exit on the side via Pico.  The parking attendants will generally never harass you, but these methods will serve if you need them.2. Waiting for a Seat- Depending on what time of day you come in, you will probably have a wait for a seat between 0 and 20 minutes (The longest I've ever waited is 30). I'd say the average wait is about 10 minutes.  Seating is on the honor system and your time of wait is dependent on how big your party is (since it's a counter style restaurant, it might take a while to get 3+ seats that are together).  I would suggest negotiating with other customers to figure out your seating arrangement.3. Ordering- While you are waiting for seats to open up, take a look at the menu.  You can find these around nearly every napkin/ketchup kiosk on the counter or at the registers.  Figure out what you want to eat and drink because a few of the servers will want you to order quickly, lest you feel the wrath of the server leaving you for another customer.  The general rule is, the older the server, the more on your A-Game you will need to be when ordering.  The three most popular options are the Hickoryburger (this is what I usually get), the Steakburger and the Tuna Melt.  4. The Burgers.  The burgers here are great.  Expect a good amount of crispy lettuce to be bunned up next to your burger.  This lettuce adds a great crunch which contrats with the soft bread/meat patty.  The hickory sauce is the wildcard here.  It's very tasty and sweet.  If you also order fries,  ask for a plate of it along with ketchup.  5. Fries. Get em. They are good.  If you like you're fries a little crispy, ask for them "well-done".  Also, expect to get your hands a little bit dirty. You may lose some lettuce or some ketchup, so don't be afraid to wipe down every so often with a napkin.  5. Dessert- After your meal, the server will ask you if you will be having anything for desert.  Take a look at the menu and see what you like.  Also, don't be afraid to ask questions about what they have in the back that day. You can't go wrong with the Apple Pie a la mode.ALRIGHT, that's it.  Hope I could run you through the entire experience.  This is one of the best burgers in the world and also one of my favorite restaurant experiences.Hickory Burger, French fries and a cream soda. Always end with pie! CASH ONLY!Old-school, counter-only, no frills burger place.  The menu, the interior, and quite possibly the servers have not changed since they opened in 1947.  You have to wait for someone eating to leave, then pounce to get their seat.  If you don't immediately know what you want, the server will just wander away without saying anything.  Kind of weird but I guess that's part of its charm.  The food is fine but don't expect the best burger in L.A.  The hickory burger is the way to go with the burgers.  Again, it's very old school so don't expect any gastropub creativity here.  Dessert was kind of disappointing with an apple pie that was more soup than pie and way overpriced at $6 per slice.  The banana cream pie was better.  Don't get me wrong, the food is fine and the place is an L.A. staple.  But honestly I think people go for nostalgia and the experience more than the actual food.grease!Like an astronaut's first taste of non-irridated meat since touchdown, we Angelenos can get excited about relatively common things. With so much flair in the air, a straight-up burger and fries can seem a revelation, but with all the In-and-Outs round town, I hardly find the Apple Pan an isolated oasis in this concrete desert.OK, this is not a place you come to for great service. Its the food people! The hickory smoked burger is what this place is famous for. Order it with Tilamook cheddar cheese and wow! Fries are nothing special and ironically the apple pie is about $6 for a slice. Ouch. I can get a whole pie for that much at Marie Calendars or Cocos when they go on sale and they are better then here. Its all about the hickory sauce which makes this burger unique to all the others including yes, In and Out. Remember when a burger was like $3 here but now almost $8. Ouch. I always try to guess what the "secret hickory sauce" is made of and can pretty much guess the main ingredient is catchup but it's that "hickory" ingredient that makes it so unique. The atmosphere is very nostalgic as well and reminds me of a time long gone and that is part of the Apple Pan experience. Enjoy!my burger tasted like bacon. it was great. 5 starsfries kinda blew. minus one star. I've had better apple pie. minus half a star. cool diner feel (if a dude took me here for a date, I would be VERY happy). add half starlittle pricey for my wallet. minus half.Verdict: 3.5Throw me into the crowd of people who just don't get this place. Maybe people shouldn't hype it up so much as "the best burger in LA" cause come on man, just because they use Tillamook cheese does not make this cheeseburger amazing. So yah when you tell me I'm going to be eating the god of all processed cow meat, you better be right, cause I really take my burgers seriously.And well no, I walk into a greasy spoon type cafe in which I had to wait for someone to graciously pay their tab and sit down to be greeted by a dried up ketchup stain. I acted fast ordering a coke, fries and the "famous" cheese steak burger. First of all this doesn't taste like a steak burger... you've been to steak and shake? Yah that's a bit close to what I expect and for that I pay 1/2 the price... yup their burgers a la cart  top over my $5 limit.  Rumor has it that the employees come from the dangerous side of the st. so they don't exactly come off as caramel coated sweet like  johnny rocket's. Not that I care about that kind of stuff when I'm in a place like that, I think I was just cranky for eating a burger that was far below expectations. Let's just say it was better then  a fast food burger, or maybe not even that close... damn, I think the only thing good I can say about this place is that they have realllly good banana cream pies and coke... yah the coca cola was perfect.The Apple Pan is a good fast food burger in a legendary setting however, I would have preferred a legendary burger in a good setting.I dont know why this place is so highly rated.. I mean seriously. The only good thing about a steak and hickory burger is probably the sauce and the tenderness of the burger, but it wasn't enough to impress me. I could even make the fries at home and for the drinks, you get a can soda. The banana cream pie was really good though, about as good as marie calendars. but for 32 bucks? totally not worth it.The hickory burger is really good. My favorite on the menu. But that's it! Nothing else is remarkable.Although I've been coming here for years,  I just realized I haven't written a review of The Apple Pan, as my BFF foodie friend, Anita S informed me tonight.This is one of those great LA eateries that thankfully hasn't changed much since it opened back in 1947!  It's across from the Westside Pavilion in WLA on Pico.  It's in the original small white quaint little wooden house with new buildings surrounding it.This is one of the few places that as you enter, it's like being an extra in "Back To The Future."  The wait staff and cooks are all men.  And most of them have been working there as long as I've been coming to this place....and that would be since the early 80s.  Yeah, my Mom used to bring me here at that time in my baby stroller.  The order takers and the cooks all wear white smocks and have those white paper hats that they used to wear in the 50s.If you come here at prime lunch or dinner time, be prepared to wait.  It's only counter seating.  The counter is in a u type shape which surrounds the grill cooking area.   At prime time, you'll need to stand behind in queue around the counter eating space.The menu is very limited to burgers (Steak burger, Hickory burger - my fav), ham, tuna and egg sandwiches.  It's usually a toss up for me between the steak and hickory burger.  The fries are on the thicker cut, and are served piping hot out of the fryer on a thick paper plate.  The fries are cooked to a golden crisp, yet tender to the bite.  These are one of my fav fries!  The waiter will serve the fries to you before the burger, along side of another paper plate with a puddle of ketchup.  So be sure to ration the fries as you wait for the burger....especially if you want some to accompany your delish delectable burger.I can't even begin to describe how great these burgers are!  They come wrapped in paper with a 1/4 of it exposed.  The burgers are so juicy and tasty.  The buns are nicely grilled toasted.  They top the burger with Tillamook Cheddar for an extra 50 cents, which I always get, mayo, pickles and lettuce.  Sorry no tomatoes here.  But it's still a great tasting burger.The sodas are served in a paper cone in those old style plastic holders.  And if you have room for dessert, this place has awesome pies!  It's always a tough choice for me.  Pies are made fresh daily here.  If you love Apple, you need to try a slice here.  And if you're a banana cream pie lover, this place has an awesome banana cream!   If you didn't save room, be sure to get one of these babies to go for a midnight snack at least.Whenever I'm on the westside and I'm craving a great bugger, I always stop at The Apple Pan!  Love this place!  Wish there was one of these in Long Beach!Finally, after being bookmarked for so many years! Me and Ted shared a Hickory Burger with Cheese, Fries, & Banana Cream Pie. Place is adorable,  I love places that are historic. When you walk in, you feel that you stepped back into time. Parking is very limited, we lucked out, one spot available, which was just for us. The burger was mediocre in my opinion, about the size of In N Out , but twice the price. Fries were good, not great but good. The Banana Pie was good as well, not the best. This place is worth trying at least once in your life. Great experience, as far as best burger, go to Father's Office.My favorite burger place in Los Angeles. Just a few steps down from my gramps house, I've had an opportunity to visit these guys quite a lot over the years. Their burgers are substantial with real cheese, the atmosphere is fun (sit at the counter- watch & learn), and their apple pie is heavenly. So heavenly, in fact, that my gramps and his lady friend eat a slice for breakfast every morning (you can buy whole pies to take home). She just turned 80, and he's pushing it, and they 're both pretty particular (you don't want to waste a meal at their age), I'd say that's the best endorsement.Shady parking lot or street parking, dirty grungy looking joint, decent burgers, large slices of pie, and a cute antique cash register. Came here with some friends around dinner time and had a great time just eating in a casual dive atmosphere.I wanted so much to love this place, but it's a total shit hole.  The Apple Pan is cramped, dirty and smelly, there are about 10 counter seats, (no tables), and people are crammed into corners waiting for seats to open up.  The ambiance is nonexistent--I don't care if it's a historic landmark, it might as well be a truck stop.  The filthy plaid wallpaper is peeling off of the walls, the unwashed cups that hold the tiny ass paper cones they serve drinks in are covered in the leftover remnants of someone else's meal, the service is curt, the food is overpriced and under par. We left wishing we had saved ourselves money and misery and just gone to In N' Out.Worth visiting once, it is a landmark burger spot in LA. As soon as u step through the front door, u will be transported back to the 50's!! I give it 5 stars for that. My wife and I got lucky with the parking and seating situation. I do not recommend coming here with a group, unless u enjoy feeling like a vulture hovering over the other patrons!! The food is where it loses ground. The Banana Cream pie was great, the fries decent, and the hickory burger(even with a slice of Tillamook Cheddar) was just mediocre. Not sure how this place is always on any list for best burger in LA. I can understand if it was a list for most nostalgic burger joint, but the burger is disappointing. As put  in another review I read before coming here: it's like paying twice the price for a double double at In N Out but half as tasty :( Worth visiting once for me, but not a return trip.Best BANANA CREAM PIE ever!!!This is an LA legend from the 40's featured in novels and TV shows. It's a fun quirky space.  The cooks are in the middle of the room and there are diner bar stool seating around a U-shaped counter surrounding them, and then another ring of people standing behind the seated individuals waiting for a seat. I got the steak burger and the hickory burger both with Tillamook cheese. I really enjoyed the steak burger. It was juicy and loved the variety of textures. The hickory burger was something new for me. When they say hickory, they are NOT messing around. I don't know how they pack so much hickory smoke taste into that burger! It was great as well. The fries were delicious, and I enjoyed my soda which was poured into a paper cone tucked into a metal goblet base. I sadly, ran out of room in my belly before being able to order a cream pie. Next time. Next time...this place is weak sauce!  this place was on the map for good burger joints in la, but very disappointing.  the yelp facts should just be discouraging in itself.  accepts credit cards: no parking: street seating is only avaialble around the bar where it is a first come first serve basis. i came to eat, not to play musical chairs.  also, they make the food right behind the counter/bar so if you got somewhere to be, you don't want to come out stanking like burger meat.  i ordered the steak burger that turned out to be very thin in meat and mediocre in taste.  they place this signature bbq sauce on the burger which is probably their pride and joy, but comes off with a water down taste.  in and out all day over the pan.  father's office is next on my la burger tour.If you want an old fashioned hamburger stand experience with great food, this is the place to go. Great food, amazing pie, and great friendly service. I have been going here since I was 2 years old with my father, and it has turned into a tradition of ours. I will be taking my kids here some day so that they can enjoy it as well.Jeez...I am really late on writing a review on this place...I don't know what all the hype is about (?)...dahhhhhh...I found the burger to be uninteresting and flat (small)...I am a huge fan of a GOOD burger...the one I had here was not living up to all the hype.  Maybe I was there on a bad day for the cook, I do not know...I certainly will not make a special trip to eat here...I only went, the last time, because my friends said I would love it...not true...I will give it the benefit of 3 stars only because I had a good time here  thanks to my friends. (And, yes, I had the hickory burger!)I do NOT get what all the fuss is about.  It's a burger.  It's juicy.  If that's your thing, you'll enjoy it.  It's very messy.  The fries were ok, but the lack of cutlery and the PLAID PLAID PLAID all over the place are fairly annoying.  The atmosphere is very over the top in an old time way, and if you like gruff service and no frills, you'll be in heaven here.  It gets very busy --if you're hungry, I wouldn't wait.I have heard people rave about this place, so I had to try it for myself.  I went on a late Saturday afternoon and it was crazy packed.  There are only a few sits and everyone has to fend for themselves.  After waiting for about an hour, we finally sat down and ordered.  I got the hickey burger and fries, there was nothing special about this meal.  It was definitely not worth the wait and I probably won't go back again.Call me crazy, but I'm just not impressed by the hamburgers.  They're not all they're hyped up to be, and the wait is always long during peak hours.. I'd rather get a cheaper equivalent from in N out.Was here years ago.  It was disappointing.  Instead of delicious food, many L.A. restaurants offer nostalgia.i don't know... this place is way overhyped for what it is. i've tried it twice during lunch time on a weekday and both times i was able to get a seat almost immediately. i don't doubt that this place gets very crowded -- there's what, 15-20 seats? you're basically sitting in a small shack with a bar around the grill. the burger was good, but i don't know about it being the best ever. certainly not deserving of all the praise it gets...the old man that took my order was a little rude. there isn't a big menu, but still i felt rushed. i'd never been there before and needed a minute to figure out what the best course of action was. this was lunch, afterall... if i make a mistake in what i order, then i'm crapping at work all day and hungry until i get home at 6. when i wanted to know what a "mesquite burger" was, i thought it would've been clear that i wanted to know what the toppings were (bbq sauce? onion rings?). instead, the response i got was "its a burger with mesquite". and when i asked if it came with tomato (i hate tomato), he glared at me like he was about to jump over the counter to kick my ass. he couldn't have kicked my ass though -- he's old and i'm a bad ass.eh. good pie, though.abiding by the "honor system" of hawking a seat in the U-shaped bar seating area while making sure you don't cut in front of anyone who was already waiting can be frustrating.  with experiences at the Mexican taco counters and Chinese take-out counters, i dread the scenes where people bum rush the counter with no regards of others.  But not here, albeit one Wanna-be Tough Guy and his son, everyone seemed civil.  The only "fight" that happened was between the WTG who was trolling around the restaurant and the group of college kids with one blonde wearing a SUC sweater.  SUC's group won and WTG hid at the other corner of the restaurant.We stood behind the seats that we were going to take.  I had to tell a nosepicker to get out of our seats when the couple before us had vacated but that was all.  We couldn't come to a place called The Apple Pan and not order some apple pie so that was a must.  We couldn't order a burger without some fries so that too was a must.  What to do with all that food?  Cut the burger in half!Our Hickory Burger came neatly cut and a toothpick held its place.  It tasted like a burger and it was delicious.  check.   The fries were awesomely crispy (you can get it even more well done) and the accompanying ketchup was so generous that it could fill a third of a bottle.  The apple pie made me chuckle.  It was crust and cooked apples.  Two things I like in a pie.  None of that fatty fillings.  The ice cream was so creamy, I swear we were eating vanilla butter cream!   I used to wonder why couples split the entrees and now i know why.  we walked out happy and not holding our bellies in pain.  plus it's economical! Earlier, I thought Apple Pan could use a clip board so people could jot their names down and ensure order, but after some thinking, this tense hawking for a seat ritual is part of the nostalgia of this place.   I'd probably either order take out or go somewhere else next time.  see pics!Two words. Hickory Burger. Probably one of my favorite burgers on the planet.I'll follow Matthew "Napkin" K's method of review.One word to describe the place: ClassicPro:Hickory Burger (cheese is .50 extra)Banana Creme Pie and/or Pecan PieOpens late! (12am weekdays, 1am weekends)Classic diner decor w/grumpy old men serving you (in a good way)Con:Not exactly cheap, expect $10+/ppFries are pretty "meh"Grumpy old men (in a bad way)Steakburger I heard was pretty "meh"All in all, this place is probably 3.5 stars, as I privately still prefer my double double animal style with fries, at half the price, but Apple Pan is definitely a good place to visit to experience a more classic experience. I personally prefer this place over the other famous pie/burger place in Pasadena, Pie 'N Burger as the pies are MUCH better here, along with the hickory burger!Its not bad, kind of expensive but the burger tastes really fresh and high quality. Not the best burger or fries, nor the cheapest, but it is what it is.I'm not sure what all the hype is about. Just because your father has been going there since the '60's doesn't mean it's a great spot (he may just not be that well traveled) and they may have been charging real world prices back then. After waiting a short while we rolled up to a couple of stools and perused the short menu of items. Can it be true? $6.50 for a hamburger $6.50 for a tuna salad sandwhich. Is that Kobe Beef and Albacore Tuna? Nope, just plain stuff that wasn't anything special. With our $2.00 small fries and tap water to drink, our total was near $17.00! Had planned on a piece of pie, but $5.50 a slice???? I would, but this is not a place to slowy savor food as pie should be. Will I be back? Not in this lifetime."The Hickoryburger with cheese and French Fries with cheese;" this is what I usually get. Certainly, one cannot go to Apple Pan without comparing/contrasting their burgers to In N' Out (as there seems to be a very similar taste to them). Though certainly not as greasy (or ubiquitous for that matter), I would place Apple Pan's burgers in the top 10 burgers I have had in my life. Moreover, the placement of seating in this restaurant is worth a mention (U-shaped counter surrounding the kitchen). Additional Notes:- If you ask them for two patties/cheese slices, they'll charge you for two burgers. Thus, even though you'll look like a total pig, you're better off buying two burgers. :-)- Parking can suck.Hickory burger with cheese. All the greasy deliciousness a girl could ask for. Perfectly crispy fries every time. Though sometimes the wait can suck here (especially if you're in a group with an odd number of people, since it's hard to get 3 or 5 bar stools together at one time), it's worth the wait. Coming from Chicago, I have very high standards for burgers, and these certainly measure up. They also have pretty quick take out if you don't want to wait for a stool. I saw lots of people ordering things other than burgers (ham and cheese, egg salad, etc), so they must be good. Open til midnight during the week, 1 AM on weekends, but CLOSED ON MONDAYS. Thankfully a place in LA understands that people actually want restaurants to stay open past 10 pm!classic, timeless, and consistent.  you don't have too many joints like this in the LA LA LAND.  Old school charm in the heart of the west side.  it gets crowded so pack your patience if visiting in prime time.  Get a steak burger, get a Hickory burger, get a pie, don't count calories & love it!I had never been to this place, although it is all but legendary and I've often seen it mentioned in the L.A. Weekly. I gather my friend and I came in during a sort of patron lull on a weekday late afternoon; there was no line, and there were plenty of seats for the taking. That being said, the first thing I noticed was the gentleman waiting on us; his behavior was so brusqe one would've thought there was a line as long as the next Star Wars movie to get in! Utensils and food were rapidly procured and served in a manner I can only describe as "very 3D".; I nearly ducked when the menu came hurling like a sort of meteor, but I suspected it was all part of the "you are now in a 1950's-style truck stop greasy spoon so why bother with prissiness?" style. Instead of waitresses names "Toots" and "Ruby" there was, as mentioned, this robotically efficient waiter who I'm willing to bet has spent more years in the Pan than the apples. He was quite unintentionally like some cartoonish character in a book, so I eventually engaged him in a litle conversation, and found, to my surprise, that he was quite aware some people have found his service style a bit off-putting and noted, with briefly doleful eyes that "all the compliments we get are about the food and not the servers".LOL! I thought it better not to suggest that if he didn't act like he was serving mutton in the Thunderdome he might get a few cyber-strokes. He ultimately rather charmed me after all once I got his attention. The food? Oh yes, that... well, what can one say? It was pretty much like going to Grandma's for lunch and made the boy in me smile. I loved my juicy and fresh-tasting hickory burger and the apple pie was to die for, sweet yet tart. The fries were okay, neither fabulous nor a failure; at least they weren't those dreadfully tasteless, frozen crinkle-cut things so many places pass off as edible. My iced tea was odd; it barely tasted of tea, more like just a glass of bland, tea-colored water. The price tag for this adventure in Retro-Land effectively bridged the time warp and was a bit steeper than expected, but I was glad I finally got to see what all the woop-dee-doo is about. It's a cute place for a splendid burger and heavenly slice of pie; I noticed there were few women customers, but most of the men had expressions of trance-like, glazed pleasure while chowing down. (I'm surprised they didn't have a vintage old RCA  television showing Rin Tin Tin or The Lone Ranger, for this place is pretty much "boy heaven"..) I would go back again, but will edit my menu choices next time for the sake of frugality. I actually hope to get the same waiter (a good, if unintentionally "crusty" man in a recurring role I've no serious intention of "panning")) and see if I can locate the funny bone I am certain he has.So overrated. I swear its just like an In-and-Out burger but more expensive. And the lettuce in the burger was still dripping water.I don't eat burgers, but I had a bite of my friend's Hickory burger and it was pretty good. The buns aren't anything special, but the meat itself has a nice texture. I also had a bite of his apple pie a la mode and was underwhelmed. Basically, my thoughts are that it's a place you go for the experience and to say you've been there.sip from paper conesketchup on a paper platehickory melts painTiny diner.  Counter seating only.  I had the ham and Swiss, which was OK.  I feel like I should have ordered a burger (I didn't because I had one for dinner the night before).  Fries were good.  Menu is very small.  Cream soda on the rocks was good.Sorry but not buying into the hype.  The burger is definitely good but certainly not worthy the best burger in LA title, IMHO.  I'd either give that crown to Father's Office or In N Out.  Coming here definitely takes you back in time - old school burger joint with the counter, soda jerks, root beer floats, etc...  Waits during the lunch hour can be pretty long especially on the weekend.  I'm more of a ketchup type of guy on my burgers versus the jazzed up thousand island dressing many favor out here.  The fries did not do much for me either.  I think the best fries are at McDonalds just so you have something to compare my fry analysis.  I'm also not much of an pie type of guy so can't speak to their acclaimed assortment of pies.  If you like burgers give it a try and see for yourself.The Hickory Burger is solid, all the classic flavors and textures mesh well, and the smoky sweetness of the sauce adds an extra dimension. Moreover, the fries are awesome, super crispy and totally addictive. And how can you not like the fact that the guy behind the counter pours your ketchup for you? But when it was all said and done, as I tottered out to my car with a full belly, I could not help but think to myself, "Is that all there is?"Hickory sauce and tillamook cheese made a regular burger taste incredible. Fries were meh. And the pie.. O the pie. The banana cream pie was the best pie I have ever had. Amazing service. Perfect for people with not a lot of time.3-4 star burgers...great place for lunch...staff a little dry...But Burgers are worth it...and its old school diner is cool so I give a 4 for that.I feel like an asshole for writing this review.  I usually only write reviews if I really love a place.  Also, I am not one of those people who hate what everyone else loves just for the heck of it.  I was fully expecting to love this joint.  Unfortunately, I abhorred every part of it from start to finish.  -Parking sucked ass.  This can be ignored when the food is good, but when it's not, it seems relevant.  Street parking with a bazillion confusing signs saying "2 hour parking" and then "no parking ever" right below it (yes, i'm serious)-The seating was worse.  I don't mind a place that has limited seating (i.e. oinkster).  What I do mind is when the ONLY seating available is at a counter.  I get the appeal of the counter for tradition, but can't you throw in a couple tables for people who actually like to look at their dining partner, rather than knock elbows with them?-The food was really disappointing.  Our burges were dry, had WAY too much lettuce, and sickeningly sweet sauce.-Overpriced.  -Service people do that thing where they try to guilt you in to getting dessert.  I really hate that.  When we were done with our burgers the cashier came up and said "What kind of pie."  Then we had to awkwardly say "....none" and leave.It pains me to say it, but this place blows.If you grew up on the Westside, you probably came here every sat or Sunday between your soccer game and a movie or to take a break between Burger Time, Punchout and Galaga over at Captain Videos and when the craving really hit you actually rode your skateboard all the way down from Westworld.  And you were probably loyal to Gordon or Hector, we actually seemed to rarely come during Gordon's shift so we were mainly loyal to the "new" guy, who had been there for 20 plus years back then.  More often than not we were loyal to the half with the shorter line.  And if you happened to come on an off-peak hour you could pick your waiters brain about the history because they really don't know what to do with themselves when things are slow and they tell you how they were all newbies compared to Charlie in the kitchen.  Somedays you'd get really lucky and you'd be there on a day when the owner was checking in on supplies and he would wax  on about how he refused to sell the location to the mall and how often he was approached by someone who wanted to franchise him (and IMO, someone clearly made a "cheap" knockoff without the family's approval).  And you also appreciated that he would give his entire staff an entire month off in the summer even when you'd forget and arrived to a lock door, hopefully they have kept that tradition up.  And you also were committed to either the steak burger or the hickory and rarely both, if you came too frequently, the tuna salad sando was always a nice "healthy" alternative.  Man that amount of lettuce was unheard of on a sando in the 70's, strangely probably one of the first healthy sando's in town.But alas, this review isn't for those in the know and, unfortunately, I feel forced to hold back on my love for this place since in theory, yelp is for people interested in trying something new.BURGERSSo I'll start with what you get, which hopefully will manage expectations. When ordering a burger, you get a thin patty with a gangload of fresh lettuce and a pickle and mayo unless you tell them otherwise and a sauce, both of which are pseudo sweet ketchup based sauces, but I can speak to the hickory which is slightly sweeter.  You get a big size fries which is meant to be split and it comes quickly with a slab of ketchup arriving almost simultaneous to the fries. If you want, you can get an above average diner style cup of coffee with real cream along with your giant-size pie.  Banana cream would be my recommendation, but I do like the apple pie a la mode, mainly for the crust and the ice cream though.SERVICEThe Service is meant to churn and burn because the wait is generally long, so don't expect any conversation, but don't expect to have to ask for a refill or ketchup cause both are coming.  Generally speaking, if you do ask for something it will usually arrive even if it appears that your server didn't hear you.  Now to be honest, I haven't really been frequenting the Pan of late, and our boys may be getting old, but I'm sure it'll still be true.  I did go recently only to see a new server who had come out from the kitchen so I was totally thrown off and forgot to ask for no mayo.  I will say that the burger didn't live up to my memory, but was still good.  I'd like to blame the mayo, but probably can't.GENERALWhenever I bring an out-of-towner to this place, the reaction is generally predictable.  If the person likes a sit-down restaurant, then you'll lose them as soon as they see the line, the counter-top style service and how cramped the place is.  They'll most likely end up bitching about the price. If you bring someone who likes "finds" or has their favorite place in their local town, that person will appreciate the experience and the experience will be enough for them to enjoy the burger and want to come back regardless of the price, since the price is far from breaking the wallet.PICKING A SIDEThe most important "tip" that I can share is buried in the first paragraph.  There are TWO lines in the restaurant.  As soon as you walk in, you either go left or right, assess the people around you and you'll be ahead of anyone who walks in after you and heads to your side. If you went left and someone after you went right, and a space opens up on the right, you chose the wrong side (or felt it was worth the wait to go to your "friendly" servers side).  We chose Hector over Gordon because we felt he was faster, not because of his smile, but they're both pretty damn fast.I'm still giving the place a 4 even though the majority of you will end up leaving disappointed.es.I love this place! Delicious hicory burger, straight and to the point. The fries are just so crispy and cooked perfectly each time. The apple pie with ice cream is a must try, its just so darn good!A tourist trap that sells two-dollar burgers for $8.  The food is satisfactory, but  worth neither the relentless wait nor the awkward musical-chairs-dash for a seat.  Granted, it's one of the oldest establishments in LA--but there's a reason we bulldoze obsolete relics in this city.Should have read the other yelp reviews before venturing out here for a burger.  I second all the comments that say this place is overhyped and overpriced!   I paid $6.35 for a regular old hamburger with lettuce only.  Juicy? Hardly.  And $2.15 for fries that were twice fried and greasy.  The apple pie had a burnt crust, was really watery and not worth $7.50 with the a la mode.  For one slice!  Unfortunately, I sat at the counter by the drinks and let me say that the ice was being fetched in what looks like a stainless steel sink and if there were any cubes on the counter, it was pushed right back into the sink (and into your drinks, my friends).  Gross.  Please help me understand why this place is always so packed?The great classic burger of LA. The hickory burger with cheese is a must. Well done fries. Finish it all with Banana cream pie: divine.  Don't be fooled into having apple pie; it's hit or miss. Remember cash only.The burger was good, but not as good as I anticipated.  The review on LA. com said the waitstaff was grumpy, rude, and unaccomodating.  That wasn't the case.  Had a slice of apple pie a la mode which wasn't bad.  I guess I'm a bit picky when it comes to an expensive burger.  I prefer Father's Office.Best old-style diner joint in west la. It isn't cheap for burgers and fries, but everything is made right in front of you and it is made to order just like the old days. The hickory burger is awesome And be sure to get a piece of pie at the end!!! That is the best part by far!! So make sure to save room! And it is open late too!!! But cash only so come prepared!yum! Maybe it was because we were starving after 11 hours.. or maybe it was the fast service. Or hey, maybe it was because they were open late! After driving around endlessly looking for a place to get our grub on, ApplePan happened to be open. We ordered and next thing we know, our food is right in front of us. How the hell did that happen so quickly?! We got in and out within 20 minutes. Scoooooore.Best burger i have ever tried !see, this is the kind of place that shouldn't need to be reviewed. i suppose if you don't live in LA and you're visiting and wondering if this place is good, that's one thing. but if you've been in los angeles for more than 6 months and you don't know how good the apple pan is, you should be deported to somewhere like council bluffs and hate your life forever.this is the best hamburger in southern california. this is my favourite place to eat in all of california.a piece of advice, though, if you come here for the first time, make it known. don't try to pretend like you know what you're doing, the service is quick and surly. if you sit down and don't ask for a menu, you will be asked what you want within 30 seconds and if you don't answer him in 10 seconds he'll walk away. because of this, however, you only have to wait 2-3 minutes for your food, and if it's later, they start giving you free stuff. the newest employee has been there for 17 years, and these guys know what they are doing. not mean, just efficient. i love it.don't come with a big crowd, don't come around lunch and expect to get a seat right away, if you're in a rush or are in a big crowd stand near the register and place your order to go. there's about 25 seats total, and even as a party of one you can expect to wait for a seat for up to 15 minutes around noon.i think all of this adds to the experience, and the burgers are perfectly made dressed and served, the pie is fresh and delicious, and the price is right.oh, and don't ask for tomatoes. they don't have them.YES! This is my favorite place to get a burger when I admit to myself that I am not as healthy as i pretend to be. The counter-only seating is weird, but fine, since i have never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a seat. The servers have all worked here forever, and although the service is not always the friendliest, it gives the place an authentic old-school diner vibe. The hickory burger is maybe the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. and then I eat the pie, and realize that THAT is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. There is only one word that could possibly describe this place....scrumtrulescent. One downside is that I'm pretty sure this place is cash only, which sucks for a person like me who never carries cash. Also, vegetarians beware, my friend had the cheese sandwich, and that was basically a pound of cheese on two slices of bread.This joint serves some of the tastiest burgers. The old-fashioned atmosphere is what keeps me coming back - that and of course their supremely savory burgers. They are simply a well-oiled machine for good burgers. No reservations. Bar seating only. And for dessert, they also serve pies! Stay Classy Apple Pan!OK, so I take my family to the Apple Pan across town to eat "LA's best hamburger". First of all it was "B rated". Now I can handle that in films, but not food. Yeah, yeah, the rating could be because the ice machine is broken, OR it could be because the place is FILTHY! I mean filthy, gross. The service sucked - we felt rushed by the rude order taker. The burgers were sub par too. Whatever, we surmised it was because the West side rich folk like to slum it. Over freekin rated - the food and atmosphere were lame. I dig the fact that it is from the 40s, but not THAT much.  Maria DziublaI've lived in the neighborhood all my life and didn't discover it until about 5 years ago. I'm never disappointed with this place. Whenever I have friends in town, this is the place I bring them to for lunch! Standard order: hickory burger, plate of fries, and apple pie with vanilla ice cream! I've also had the egg salad sandwich, which is super good. They stuff the sandwich to death! The servers are super nice! Bring cash! Parking can be hard sometimes. So park across the street at Westside Pavillion.Nice.... Apple Pan rocks.  Hickory burgers... fries... soda in paper cones... and 100% make sure you save room for the Apple Pie!  Super tasty, gets kinda crowded, but well worth the wait.I have heard about The Apple Pan since I first moved here.  I have only been there once, and it didn't live up to expectations.  It was good/average, but not all that.Hellz ya! Git mi one! Sloppy, small burger but it kicks ass! As a long time customer, getting their burger has always been such a pleasure. Apple pie ala mode then wash it down with their 2oz. Bottles of soda! I know it sounds like a sin, but I have had their tuna sandwiches there and its really good! Fries on their saucer dishes are a must and dont forget to say hi to the friendly ca-ca-roashes.Oh boy, where to start? The Apple Pan is THE burger place in West Los Angeles. I doubt there is another joint in the area with as much history, star power, and lasting quality. The burgers are great...the fries are great....and yes, the pies are great too! The biggest pain with the place is the seating, which consists of a horseshoe shaped bar with stools. If you go with a few friends expect to wait some time on a busy night or weekend. Even finding two seats together can be a nice long wait. However, when you climb on your stool, order a burger, have the waiter squirt a big glob of ketchup by your fires, and watch the diner mayhem that ensues, you feel like a part of Los Angeles."i want all that stupid old sh*t like letters and sodas".   -liz phairfor some reason i've decided that Mota is kindof a meat and potatoes kinda guy, so when we decided to meet up wednesday, i threw out the apple pan. he'd been before, i had not and he'd been suggesting it to me since our first date at the gourmet burger spot called thecounter in santa monica. As i stepped into the double screened door to my surprise i found the real counter. a singular U shaped counter and Mota reserving my stool right in front of me...happy to see him, i felt almost as happy to be up close and personal with my other countermates i felt warm and cozy and part of something.i cozied up to the red vinyl swivel stool and took my place dead center in front of the grill where all the magic happens. boy if this kid didn't already know i'm a sucker for collective nostalgia...particularly in lalaland where it seems like that much more of a treasure than on the east coast.original plaid wall paper lines the wall behind the grill where the entrance to the back kitchen is and where the baking begins...old screened windows with shutters line the street side of the place. the menu consisting of two options for yor burger, french fries, i think a grilled cheese,  tuna melt, assorted soft drinks and apple pie, if i'm forgetting anything, there isn't much more to it. sweet simplicity. Mota explained the difference between the Hickory vs the Steakburger as being the sauce.we both go with the hickory. no side, diet coke and water. a very large, (i'm guessing 6'5" ) elder white haired man named jake takes our order. a fixture of this place who according to my twin put his kids through school on this gig brings us a side of fries. we didn't order them but that's just fine w/ us. he then brings me an almost egg shaped stainless steel goblet filled with a paper cone and ice along with my can of diet coke and our two cups of water. burgers soon follow wrapped in paper and i'm in old skool heaven.  as Mota and i chit chat at the counter wrap up our meal, i notice people lining the wall of this room of a restaurant waiting to grab a  spot at the counter...and feel like such a lucky girl...two burgers $13one unordered order of fries $2.15one diet coke 1.40$the apple pan....pricelessThis is the real deal.  If you're in the mood for something unpretentious, or just want to experience a slice of old-school L.A., eat at The Apple Pan.   I actually went there for the first time just a few days ago(how embarrassing being an L.A. native and all - what can I say, I'm a Valley Girl, okay?), ordered a swiss cheese sandwich and had a bite of my friend's hickory burger which was out of this world!  It's cash only, and your coke is served in a paper cup kind of thing, but it's my kind of dive man!  The waiters have probably worked there since the place opened, adding to the ambiance.  Can't wait to go back and try the pie.No fax machine. No credit/debit cards. No parking. Not open on Mondays. No one working there under 70. No one eating there under 220 lb. I'd love this place if my life was a huge piece of shit.I'm a burger connoisseur and if you like old fashioned hamburgers that are a throw back to 50's diners this is the place to go. Deliciously well seasoned patty, edgers of the bun were crunchy from the butter on the grill, gooey cheese, piled cold lettuce and a sauce that's darn delicious!    One of the best burgers I've ever had!!!Congrats, my friend, you've safely crossed time and space to finally find burger Mecca. Delightfully out-of-place, The Apple Pan is everything a burger joint should be.  And with pie so good it soothes the traffic-worn Angelino's soul, how could you not love this place?  Best burger in LA? It's close.  Best atmosphere? For sure.This is a classic and truly historical LA burger joint.  While I don't think that they serve up the best burgers in Burger Town USA, it delivers a unique overall burger dining experience.  Not a great value, but a must visit for any burger aficionado's bucket list.Best burgers and pie hands down.  Enough said.It may be unfair of me to review this establishment, as I do not eat cow and, thus, cannot tell you anything about the hamburgers. On the other hand, I think it is COMPLETELY fair, because it's called the Apple Pan, and, yet, the apple pie they served me tasted more like cold apple soup. It was gross and not tasty. Plus, the server was so brusque. Not a nice man, at all! You definitely have to know what you want to order very quickly.The french fries are, however, delicious and served in cones! And, of course, the decor is fabulous (if you like old stuff like I do).$7.65 for a small single hamburger patty with cheese, fries NOT included? No way.  Bar counter only, you have to stake out your spot behind someone already sitting at counter and wait till they leave...prices do not justify the wait. Hamburger was small- average tasting-nothing special. If you want fries, it's $2.60 extra. Fries are bad- overcooked, brown, hard and not a lot. Had to send them back and ask for new ones. Total cost for burger and fries is $10.25 and it's just not worth it. Hamburger Habit or In 'n Out are just as good for 1/3 the cost. They are known for their pie- they offer two kinds and that's it- banana cream or apple- one slice is $6.50. Honestly, I did not get what all the hype was about- average to below average food, for way too much $$, and no service at all. Will not go back. Better places for less money.Hickory burger with cheese, fries welldone and a side of hickory sauce to dip! Followed by any of their cream pies! Tuna sandwich ain't half bad either but you just can't go wrong with a hickory burger! I have been going to the Pan since I was born. One of the best burgers in LA! Some of the servers have been there for almost as long! I prefer the dinner staff more then the lunch staff but that's just me...be warned you'll leave smelling like a hickory burger :-)I like this place. I have fond memories of this place so I try to come as often as I can to recreate some new ones. I like the burgers and the fries but I mostly come for the pie and the coffee. I love that they give you fresh cream for your coffee and not watered down crap. My favorite pies are the boysenberry and the chocolate pie. I feel like I'm in a time warp whenever I eat the pie since you can taste the "fattiness" of the pie. Pure butter, pure cream, etc. You get the idea. Makes my ass want to run after.I like to think of it as $11 In-N-Out with hickory sauce.the burgers are good. but not THE best. but i'd give this place 5 stars just for their banana creme pie!it's the best ever.i think the creme pies are what they are known for. YUM.yummy steak burger. sweet apple relish on the burger. yummy fries. only place to sit is the small counter. line is always ridiculous...just expect it. no a/c so just stay away in the summer time. a bit of a walk if you can't find parking right away. overall?  yumm-o.I come here only for the delicious hickory burger with tillamook cheese...The other burger errrrrr i mean steak burger is just ok....The French fries have always been cooked to perfection....The apple pie is so so....This is a 5 star place for the hickory burger and fries and 3 stars for the rest of the food, cramped quarters and bitter waiters....Now, I know we aren't in NYC or Boston; but if you are looking to experience a little slice of history in our very own Los Angeles, a trip to the Apple Pan is in order.  If you have never been here, this is how it works.  You can park in the back, but there aren't too many spaces, so you may have to look on the street or park in a city lot.  There is one room with a kitchen area in the middle, and a counter with about 20 seats and stools surrounding it.  Look for a spot where your party can sit together (bar stools next to each other) or wait until a group leaves and snag their seats.  You won't be standing for more than ten minutes, fifteen at its busiest- people really eat and run!  The menu and recipes have been the same since the fifties, as well as the guys working the counter.  They are so old-school!!!  If you want cutesy smiles and perkiness, forget about it.  These guys are gruff and business like, and they get the job done.  Try to make one smile- I dare you!  They are like British royal guards.....anyway, enough about them.  The egg salad sandwich is pretty good, but the Hickory Burger is where it's at!  Be sure to order fries (always hot and fresh).  The soft drinks aren't from a fountain- they just pour a can into a paper cup in a metal stand (very soda shop-esque).  Even if you are full, you must order pie.  The apple pie and pecan pies are good, but the cream pies are a must try.  Banana and chocolate cream pies are to-die for.  My friend thinks the apple pie is whatever, but no one can fault the cream.  A stop in at the Apple Pan is definitely worth it, at least once in your life!!!It really is the best burger in Los Angeles.  And somehow the Coke tastes better here too.You should go. It's pretty charming.Maybe it's because the AP was built in the 1940's, or perhaps the Huell Howser-hype, or simply that people on the west-side of L.A. are easily fooled (which I tend to think), but nothing really explains why this is the most over-rated restaurant in the history of dining. Located on a part of Pico Blvd. that has no real soul, this bland dump substitutes as a "retro, cool, proletarian, divey" venue to those who find Bed, Bath & Beyond a cultural experience. AP is a small generic box with every vestige of it's original 40's feel removed... if it ever was there to begin with. Any schlocky Johnny Rockets has a more interesting decor. Any Denny's has better ambiance---and a less gruff staff.The food... typical burgers and fries. Nuthin' special.... except WAY OVERPRICED.And while you eat, you have the pleasure of those standing behind staring at the back of your neck, in hopes you finish quickly so they can continue this waiting cycle of 60 years!I can't think of a single positive about this place. If this was actually 1947, maybe I'd recommend (in case of a Soviet attack)... you'd be safe; they'd never set foot in there.This undeservedly venerated Apple Pan hardly rates ONE star.The Original Beverly Hills 90210 Peach Pit was modeled after the "Apple Pan"...... NEED I SAY MORE?  "DUNNA DUNNA.... DUNNA DUNNA.... CHU CHU*I've only been here once, so keep that in mind.  There was nothing "phenominal" about this place as the people I went with had promised.  I think I had SUPER high hopes and was a little let down.  The burger was not bad, but it's wasn't like holy shit amazing.  The really good thing about this place was the pie.  The pie was kinda amazing and you could tell it was made by a pie master.  So all in all I wouldn't go too far out of my way to come here unless I wanted some serious apple piesometimes, you just need a hickory burger with cheese.  with fries.  and milk.  and pie.is it fancy?  no.  is it complicated?  no.  should you have crazy high expectations?  no.it's simple, easy, goodness.  relax and have a burger.I randomly read a review for The Apple Pan a while back in the LA Times and I thought about how cute it was in it's traditions, etc.  Fast forward to a few weeks ago, my two friends and I found ourselves driving up and down Westwood, starving.  I remembered always seeing The Apple Pan when leaving Westside Pavilion, so we quickly decided to just make a decision and go.  After actually eating here, I think that the restaurant is still in business due to the novelty, more than anything else.  I mean, it has space to seat like, 16 people.  That's why it always looks full.  The menu is one page, and it's all burgers.  The burgers were good, they tasted very good.  But that's about it.  I think it's really sweet, and quaint and all...keeping the small menu, serving everything wrapped in paper, or in paper plates...things like that.  I agree with alot of you guys when I say that I DID want to love The Apple Pan, the review in the LA Times made it seem so cute and lovable, but I didn't particularly care for it.  I love the concept of keepin it real, and not changing a good thing, but, it just wasn't as impressive as I thought would be.  After some thought, I feel like I would SO regular this place if I was living in the area, but that's it.However, we did have the most ROCKIN-EST server in the world.  He was this older man who -I swear on the love I have for vodka- did not say A SINGLE WORD TO US the entire night.  We would ask for something, and he would just look at us for a second...and then get it.  He was like a character, and had he paid ANY attention to me, I think we would have fallen in love and been set for life.The Classic Apple Pan!  I've been going there since 1981!  My greasy spoon epicurean buddy introduced me to this place.  This place rocks!  The Cheddar Hickory burgers are fresh, tasty and greasy!  The french fries are cooked fresh, crisp, nicely salted and tasty.  The counter dudes are efficient and will even dollop-out the catsup on a cardboard plate for you.  Most of the gang working there have worked there over 20-30 years!  It's situated in a u-shaped counter w/ an unobstructed view of the cooking area.All the sandwiches are fresh and the portions are generous.  The apple pie is a religious experience: warm with the glaze oozing onto the plate, rich vanilla ice cream.  Don't forget the percolated coffee with real whipping cream.  If you are faint of heart, just take extra lipator.  Courage in a 5 mg tablet!  Forget about that 6-car parking lot in back.  Its street parking, or parking in the bank parking lot after hours.My bf had been raving about apple pan's burger so on our adventure night out, we decided to try it out.  We had JUST (literally JUST) come from eating pizza so we opted to split a steak burger, fries, and apple pie.  The burger was ok but there's a thick piece of iceberg lettuce and too much relish, or what tasted like relish.  The meat was tender and juicy but it wouldn't be on the top of my burger list.great pies, good burgers, average friesmore than anything, what you pay for is the experience of dining at a westside institution. lightning fast service and greasy spoon atmosphere make the apple pan a quality destination although i do question the absurd lines to get inside on weekends.wtf?? they have like 2 burgers on the menu? Fries a tuna sandwich and a apple pie? good but not worth me ever going back there, only reason I went because I was at the mall across the street it was christmas eve and everything was closing but they werent so I tryd it.. whoppeeActually, awful. The main course was terrible as was the ice cold cherry pie.This place has been here Since 1947. I have family that have been frequenting this establishment since it opened... I've eaten here a number of time and NEVER get tired of the hickory burger. I am aware that the tuna sandwich etc are also good, but there is NO WAY you want to have anything but the HICKORY BURGER. To the Apple Pan virgins...JUST SIT AND ORDER. there is usually a long line and there is no time for you to order the "hickory burger with the mayo on the side, just a little hickory sauce on the side, no tomato and cut in half". PLEASE get your sh*t together and sit down and enjoy your burger so someone else can after you. THANK YOU.Great burger and great fries, but the pie is not much of a thing to get worked up over.If you go at the right time of day (later at night) when the crowds are less and the old greats behind the counter are more likely to be friendly, it's a perfect spot to make believe like you're a private dick in a film noir, or some grifter on the lamb maybe, tryin' to shake the coppers cause some dame you were dizzy with put the pinch on you. Just another cup of joe and then you're off.Prices do not reflect this fantasy, however, nor does the post-dinner walk to the new Landmark theatre to catch a movie across the street.I forgot to mention. Look at all of 3+ star reviews for this place and you will start noticing a pattern: they all start off with some nostalgic reference about how some family member has been going here since t's opened, and just thinking about their childhood experience brings warm fuzzy feelings to their tummy. Wake up!! Any pleasant experience you're feeling is not coming from any effect of the food, it's coming from a subconscious association with that pleasant childhood memory of your relationship with [insert family member's name here].  The memory is so apparently strong that it is powerful enough to overcome the absolute disgust that this restaurant is producing every time you shove their sorry hamburgers into your nostalgic mouth! Look people, I'm not trying to bag on nostalgia being used as a rating factor-- it has its time and place. But when you're using nostalgia as a universal substitute for rational restaurant critique, then this site is on its way to becoming worthless and obsolete.The burgers here suck. I don't know why they get good press. The apple pie a la mode has non-premium, yellow-tinted gross ice cream that makes you want to barf. I know it is a "cute-ish" diner but the food at Swingers is better!first flaw, cash only. second flaw, the steak burger is nothing special. tastes like a burger from many other burger joints. third, the fries taste like fries you can buy from the freezer section of Ralphs.I ended up paying an ATM fee of $3 just to pay a $17 bill. There should be a large cash only warning on display.Meh. I've experienced better. Much better.my boyfriend and just finished visiting lacma and we weren't that hungry but since i bookmarked this place on yelp and it was almost dinner time my boyfriend i decided to go. well, 3.5 stars on yelp with over a thousand reviews made me think that this place can't be too bad. but there was a mixed review so i said what the heck, i bookmarked it for a reason so we came with no expectations. and we walked in there and was like uh how does this place work. because its not your typical restaurant atmosphere. there were scattered customers. it was a countertop seating with barstools. old school cash registers.two waiters providing service and like 4 guys in the back grilling. we ordered one side of fries, a coke, the burger with cheese, [cheese is an extra cost] and the hickory burger with cheese. the burgers were the perfect size. i liked the burger more than the hickory burger but both were equally tasty and fresh. my boyfriend liked the hickory over the burger. the burger had a hint of apple to it. it didn't get all over the place or create a mess. no tomatoes in the burgers. they were generous with the lettuce and it was fresh. the prices are so reasonable. my boyfriend and i wanted to share and when the waiter noticed that he took our burgers and asked the staff to cut it in half and he gave it back to us without any attitude or frustration.the staff was non stop busy and super attentive! they pour the ketchup for you when they serve you fries without you asking.  and when i say pour the ketchup for you they were not tight with it. they poured a lot of ketchup! and for a ketchup lover like me i totally saw it as a positive thing! :) not once did they seem like they hated their jobs. my boyfriend and i was really impressed! we parked on the street -free metered parking on sunday! :)One of the best burgers around. Quintessential Californian with a great old diner atmosphere. Make sure to save room for the Banana Cream Pie.overhyped. long wait. quick service that almost borderlines on rude (even though i know that's not his intentions)i've been here at least 3-4 times before today. and i felt that it was only fair that i go back so that i can evaluate this burger with a fresh taste.i got there around 2:05pm on a friday afternoon. waited about 4 minutes for a couple to finish and then i promptly sat down and ordered a steakburger with cheese. no fries. diet coke. got a little mad at myself for forgetting to say "no mayo" because this 2-week daily burger quest is starting to take effect on more than just my wallet.yada yada yada, my burger comes. he slams the burger onto the table (he slams everyone's burger onto the table, plates of pies too). i kinda wish they gave u some sort of paper plate or something. u really don't get much meat for a burger this price, with no plate, that gets slammed in front of u. there is too much lettuce, which is not flat lettuce, so it creates a huge lump in ur burger and eventually slips out. i really like ketchup/dill sauce they put on it, i found it scrumptious. but then i did the meat test i've been doing with every burger. i grab a little morsel of just the meat in the center of the burger pattie, and eat just that. there is very little flavor in this applepan meat. i think all the flavor comes from the sauce, which is great. the bread is normal toasted buns, can't go wrong with that. i wish there was a tomato or something. the burger is totally palatable, but wholly unimpressive.i've had their apple pie a la mode before. it's good. but it's vanilla ice cream on warm apple pie, can't go wrong with that.my total was like 9.25 or something. i gave him a 20 and he slammed my change in front of me. i still left 2 tip tho, cuz i'm not a jacka55 and i know he's not being mean, just busy.evidently they have truly awesome egg salad cuz i saw a lot of those sandwiches being ordered and made. and someone said it outloud to their friend too. but i doubt i'll ever go on a egg-salad quest.even though i'm giving this place a middling review, i'll say at the outset that as one of LA's most legendary dining spots i believe everyone should visit this place at least once.the atmosphere is great... old school post-world war II "counter and stools" place with the flattop sizzling away in front of you.  the food... well... hit and miss.  i hadn't been there in a while so i went by for lunch and ordered their 2 signature cheeseburgers (the hickory and the steak) along with an order of fries.  the results?fries (1 star) -  really not even worth ordering.  my order was over done and they are clearly the frozen variety, the kind you can get in bulk from smart and final....  really, really forgettable fries.steak burger (3 stars) -  this is the burger to order.  i like the slightly sweet and spicy relish-sauce on this burger.  it makes this burger unique without overpowering the flavor of the meat, cheese and bun.  though you can get a better burger at any number of places around town for less (most notably 5 guys, in-n-out, the counter, hole in the wall burger, Big Jo's of Santa Monica, hell... even Burger King), this is certainly a decent burger and if you are coming here just to have the Apple Pan experience i would suggest ordering this one.hickory burger (2 stars) -  i think the sauce on this one is a way too strong and overpowers the favor of the actual burger.  wouldn't get this one again.and be on notice that you won't get onions or tomatoes with your burgers here and you might find yourself pulling out some of the iceberg lettuce that they pile a bit high for my taste.one final note... the items ordered above (without drink) ran me a pretty astounding $17.50 (for a diner-style place), so this is definitely only a place to go if you want to experience one of the oldest and one of the most famous LA burger joints and are willing to pay for the atmosphere and history.The Apple is a pretty fun place to eat, they don't make it easy for you, you've got to fight for a seat at the counter but its worth the wait! The waiters are pretty hilarious, they remind a little of the soup nazi when ordered. Sometimes they order for you! Burger, fries, coke!!!! No frills here. And I wouldn't even attempt to alter anything on the menu! My only complaint is how expensive it is! But that's the price you pay for a little bit of history and if you're lucky, like me, you might find yourself sitting next Jerry Bruckheimer! You've got to visit this place at least once but you'll find yourself coming back for more!Great diner burger.  Love how you have to poach seats.  Wait staff that has been there longer than you have been alive.  Don't think you are coming in for some yuppie burger.  Just be happy and smelling like burger when you leave......Terrible service by one of the two servers last Friday afternoon. He kept rushing me and I believe blamed me for my friend being late. Told me to call and have my friend place his order over the phone~wtf?! It was our first time there! I didn't even get to order a pie, I felt I couldn't with that horrible man. I don't know what J Gold was taking about in his review.. As my friend put it "over priced in n out". Although in n out has much friendlier service. I won't be back.We all know LA is a great burger town. But The Apple Pan is a classic, and one of my favorite burgers ever. Make sure to go at non-peak times as the seating is very limited, and they take cash only. I've had the hickory and the steak burger which I recommend so you can figure out which camp you fall into. I am a classic steak burger fan myself, I love their relish, it's the perfect tang with the cushy bun and real mayo, crisp lettuce, and great beef. Their fries are to die for. Especially with salt and ketchup. One of my favorite things to do if I need a me day is to head to The Landmark to watch some esoteric indie movie and then browse Urban Home, and end up at The Apple Pan. The service can be hit or miss, I always try to sit in the half of the restaurant where the guy with the dark hair, eyes, and mustache (sorry not super descriptive) works, as he's the best. On the pie front, the pecan is my favorite, as in my opinion you might as well go all in when it comes to calories anyway. Just Go!I'd always driven by this place, not thinking too much of it because of the name really.  I kinda just took it for a normal, "vintage" styled restaurant that served mediocre diner food and apple pie.  Well, I was kind of right.They've got the old school "U" shaped diner thing going on.  Looks like nothing in here has changed since it opened in 1947, which is alright by me.  If ain't broke, don't fix it.  I could see seating arrangements being a beezy if you come with larger groups, so I wouldn't recommend doing so.  Hell, I wouldn't recommend coming here with more than two people.  My friend and I didn't have to wait too long for a couple seats to open up, probably due to the extremely fast service.  Extremely fast, and extremely rude.  Maybe it was just the waiter on the left side of the restaurant.  He plopped down some menus and went on his way doing whatever he was doing. Whatever happened to service with a smile?  He probably forgot it in 1947.  When we finally did get to order ( which took more flagging down as he walked past us a few more times not even glancing in our direction) he didn't even bother to take our drink order!  You probably get my drift now about the service...on to the food.I ordered a Steak burger, my friend the Hickory burger, and we split an order of fries.  Don't bother with the Steak burger, it was okay...good even...if you didn't try the Hickory burger.  Granted if you don't like the taste of hickory, then just get the Steak burger.  It's good, just not as good as the other.  There's actually nothing really special about either burgers besides the sauce.  There's nothing really wrong about the burgers either though, so that's a plus.  The fries are the thicker cut styled, but didn't really taste fresh to me.  They weren't bad or good either.  You would think a place called "The Apple Pan", would have some amazing apple pie, right?  Not really.  Once again, just okay.  If you don't like apple pie already, this pie isn't going to change your mind on the left side.I would probably give this place a better rating if the service was better. The food alone couldn't save that, which was just better than mediocre.  If anything, the prices were reasonable.  All of our food ended up costing $28 w/o tip.  I'd come back, but avoid the old waiter.there are basically 4 things on the menu here:1) burgers2) fries3) pies4) drinksthey dont have much, but what they do have is pretty good. this diner harkens back to the days when haggard, chain smoking waitresses called everyone 'doll' and steak tartar was just called cow.im not a 50's greaser so im glad those days have passed.=| burger is AVG - not juicy at all=| apple pie - too sweet for my taste. i think i make way better pies=( ala mode - they scooped out melted ice cream for me off of someone's unwanted ice cream that wasn't touched.=( service is HORRIBLEThe brusque efficiency of the servers and the barebones, old-school decor add a lot of great character to the place. The hickory burger had good hickory flavor, but unfortunately, a burger needs more than a special sauce to make it great - in fact, a great burger doesn't need any sauce at all. It was drowning in ketchup and mayo, on top of the hickory sauce, and had a monstrous chunk of iceberg lettuce in it. The meat patty was rather small and not very high-quality, at ALL. Fries were on par with typical diner-quality, in other words, not worth the calories. I went at 3:00 on a Wednesday afternoon and it was still crowded! I really can't believe this made any "best burger" list for the city, it's definitely not worth a special trip or a long wait.I never understood how they stayed in business all this time.  Their burgers are good but after everything is said and done you end up paying like $9 for a damn burger.The Apple Pan is somewhere to go just to say, "I've eaten here!" Walk inside and you'll see a u-shaped counter staffed by old men and behind them a square grill with a hood that really doesn't do anything.The food is fast. The boy and I got our order w/in 5 minutes of ordering. The burgers are tasty. We shared a steak burger and a hickory burger. Both were nice and  juicy. The pickle relish was super sweet. The burger was stuffed with lettuce; say 50-50 to the patty. Our fries were kind of soggy and undercooked, but that's how I liked them. Downsides? We were completely confused about how to order as the geriatric staff manning the antique registers kept wandering around/taking random orders from people at the counter. It's really unclear as to how to order. Do you have to sit down? No. Do you get in line at the register? No. Do you wave $$ around? No. etc. etc. The ventilation doesn't really work so while the aroma of burgers and fries is nice, you'll probably walk out smelling like that too. And finally the prices are a bit exorbitant. We paid $17.40 for two burgers and an order of fries. While I think the Apple Pan is charming and all that, for these prices I expect a little more out of my food and the restaurant (working ventilation hood?). This is old school fast food, but it's not any tastier than in n' out.The hickory burger was fantastic, seating is horrible as is parking. The food is well worth the wait, which if it is around lunch time there will be one..My friend kept raving about their banana cream pie..and I mean KEPT raving about it. After passing it by too many times, it was time to stop and try it once and for all. But I hadn't eaten dinner, so I had to put some food in my tummy before going all out for dessert. So my friend and I grabbed a couple burgers and a side of fries. I had their famous Hickory burger, while my friend had a simpler one. It was a solid great traditional burger. What a burger should be. It was delicious!! The guys manning bar were really old grandpas...it really completed the whole old school diner ambiance. Somehow, I kept some room for pie...and guess what? They RAN OUT OF BANANA CREAM PIE!! WHY??!!! I came for pie and that was what I was going to have. So I got the pecan pie. With homemade whipped cream. I took a bite and was lost in all its sweet glory. Banana can wait. Pecan blew me away. I also have a new healthy relationship with homemade whipped cream. (my waistline doesn't) But I will be back...fork in hand...ready for Banana!I was pretty disappointed with this place. Not only is it a bit dirty inside (hence the B rating), but the apple pie was cold and the flavors were nothing special. Plus the stools are so close together that you can barely sit down (and I'm small). I gave it two stars because my husband liked the burger, but I won't be coming back. I love that this place is a classic institution and that people from all walks of life come here, but there are better tasting and cleaner places with the same character. If anything, this is a good place to come to when craving classic American fare when you're too drunk to notice the details.i'm still waiting for a burger that's better than my Dads', but this place is pretty awesome.we just wanted to be in and out (ha!) and we were. we literally walked in the door, saw two seats at the eating bar, plopped down and were instantly handed menus.ordered the hickory burger and fries. quick, easy. everyone working here moved efficient and friendly, loved that.the burgers were big, fresh, and hearty. they use cheddar and lots of it. plenty of lettuce. lots of sauce. big meatz. cash only!A man came in with his son and  sat beside me. Little did I know this man would become my hero in about 3 minutes. Life is funny that way, no? The man ordered pie...as an appetizer. Not just any pie...Boysenberry pie. Sighhhh. If I weren't already in love and this man weren't 20 years my senior, we'd be stuffing Boysenberry pie into each other's faces at our wedding. All that aside, I Love this place. It's small, it's cozy, it reminds me of home. The little paper cones they give you to pur your soda in?! Could it be anymore quaint? The burger was awesome (I got the hickory burger) and we shared some yummy fries. I even got a real coke..not diet. Come here and enjoy it for what it is, which is a little burger joint that has survived the LA scene despite it's lack of glitz and presence of non-vegan, no-frills, down home food. Oh, and get the Boysenberry pie. You won't be sorry.I'll keep it short and sweet, the burgers were good not the best I have ever had but good. I prefer not to eat with people hovering over me watching everybite so they can swoop in for my seat once I am finished but maybe that's just me.Not really worth the wait.  The fries and pie ain't half bad, but the burgers are meh as meh can be.  And pricey.Great service, Great Food, and I just love the old way of doing everythingFor my first review on Yelp, I've chosen The Apple Pan. Sure, it's already got 569 reviews, but I wanted to start off on a wonderful note, and I wouldn't hesitate to give it another enthusiastic shout-out.  The hickory-smoked burger is the best diner burger I've ever had. The old-fashioned establishment--with oldie, but goodie servers--and old-school cash register just add to the awesome air (which sure smells good!) of this place.  Wait anxiously in line along the perimeter of the counter, pay that extra $ for the slice of cheese, and sip quickly from your paper cone of Coke. The experience (and that incredible patty) is undoubtedly worth the trip.Today, I had a cheese burger from this place.  I always wanted to try their burgers out as a result of Jonathan Gold, of the L.A. Weekly.  It was tasty for a rainy day and delicious.  However, they had too much lettuce on it and no tomato slice.  Boy, aren't we a rabbit today.  All in all, I was hungry; so, I'll give them a thumbs up!Burgers and Pies.  That's what they got and they do both (surprisingly) really well.  (You've got other options but why bother?)The burgers are straightforward, some with cheese or without. With BBQ sauce, or without.  Etc.  To be honest, I don't go for the burgers.  I can find comparable burgers elsewhere with seating and friendly service.  But the pies!!!! Though it's the Apple Pan, my favorite is the banana cream pie.  I have yet to find an equal in Los Angeles.  The apple doesn't kid around either.  But you expect a place called the Apple Pan to do excellent apple pies.  The banana cream pie is like the surprising curve ball that the pitcher changes up with and you don't quite know what happened.Order a whole pie, take it elsewhere and enjoy.  Or, if you have the time, the burgers are pretty good too.True, we all have different tastes and things we like and dont like to eat due to whatever combined factors of nature and nuture we all experience, but I can tell you with with all the enthuasism I can gather up that this is undoubetedly the best hamburger I have ever experienced in my entire life in my own singular opinion.  Nevermind any frustrations  you may feel trying to find parking or waiting oddly against the wall whilest waiting for someone to get up or the waiters who are only being so serious because they truely do know how important an item they are dole'ing out, just sit down and order a Hickory burger and direct all your sensory perceptions towards your tastes-buds to full enjoy and appreciate this masterpiece.  I dont know how they do it, nor do I want to know, I only want them to please stay operational whilest I am here on this green earth.Hands down the best burger I have ever had.  Waiting in line you can see anyone and everyone.  The paper dentist style cups are even part of the charm.  Not sure what the sauce is they put in there, but it's made with love.  Best dessert choice is to get 1 banana creme pie and one chocolate pie and mash 'em together.  Don't forget the fries!Went my first time about five years ago. We had a vegetarian friend who tried to order a veggie burger, and the owner said that there were some bushes outside thats all-you-can-eat. Pretty hilarious.Went again a few days ago with my friend before studying, and I'm pretty sure we just ordered two burgers. Out of nowhere comes a plate of fries. Sure why not. They were hot and fresh. The burger was great, but I think imma skip on the relish next time. While eating, there were only two seats left and three kids came in. He said that there was a special going on in the place where two people sit and one person stands in the middle. The guys actually did that and it was maaadd funny. After our burgers, I asked for the pie menu and he said it was a special verbal menu. Funny funny man. Good experience, good humor, good food.Great burger! A lot of people complain that there is too much lettuce, if you do, take some off! The service is classic, they don't bother you, you don't bother them.This is the only place that I can honestly say has a better burger than In-n-Out. I like both the sirloin burger and the hickory burger but the sirloin(or do they call it steak?) burger is my favorite. The red relish is the perfect sweet and sour complement to the perfectly grilled patty with the Tillamook cheese. God I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. The service is as old-school as the decor. These guys have been working the counters since Back-in-the-Day. And I love how they serve drinks in paper cones, like what a sno-cone comes in. I'm too young to know if that's how beverages were served in the 1940s, but either way it's cool. I know it's been the same since I was a little kid and there's something comforting about that. Just know what you want when the guy comes to take your order; you have about 1.75 seconds to get it in!Love a great charbroiled steakburger?  Then you'll love The Apple Pan.  What you won't love is the limited seating (no tables--counter only) or the landfill depot effect (they use a lot of disposable plates and cups).  Everything is a la carte.  A cheeseburger, fries, a soda and a slice of pie for two?  $40.  Love the food, like the charm of the original decor, loathe the waste byproducts.  CLOSED MONDAYS!Service and atmosphere are 4-star worthy but the food is definitely overrated/overhyped. It's basically a bona fide in n out burger except it costs more. Fries were pretty good but nothing to write home about.Delicioussness!!!their hickory burger is to die for. love this placeThis place is no In-N-Out cheap but probably where Bob's Big Boy copied. This is my second time here and my first review of the joint. I like their hickory burger with cheese and I also had the steakburger with cheese. This time, I finished the fries all by myself with lots of ketchup and mustard. The first time, I had the hickory sauce with the fries too. Awesome. Fast service for everything. I haven't had to wait but noticed people waiting after I sat down. seems as though you stand around the area to get a seat or is it in order as you arrived? Either way, it's pretty good here. Order it like how you like it, with chese, or without, onions, lettuce, tomato, hold the mayo, whatever. Stop being a cheap bastard, it's a landmark and the food is good. Beats Carls' Jr. or Burger King anyday.The burgers are really good here. I would suggest that if you get the special sauce that you don't get pickles. The banana cream pie is excellent. The apple pan is truly a place that time forgot. Every time I've been here (about 10 years) the same two servers have been working which leads me to believe that they are indentured servants. Boo to indentured servitude Yay to great burgers!We came yesterday for dinner and I love their hickoryburger.  The smokiness and greasiness makes me happy.  Another thing that makes me happy is the strawberry cream pie.  The pie was filled with glazed fresh strawberries and topped with fresh whipped cream.  I think that if I could, I would eat the whole pie in one sitting.lurve my apple pan!best burgersbest friesbest pie - all fresh!i tried going the other day, and it was closed cuz it was a monday T_Tso my review is yet to come but i still give it a 4star for no reason.standardly delicious.theres really nothing to debate here.  they have been making great burgers for something like a hundred years and people keep coming because they keep making them taste really good.this aint no kinda gourmet.  burger, cheese, special sauce, tomato, lettuce, pickles, in a wax paper pocket.  fries that leave no room for want.  pies that from the looks of them seem they would warrant  the same.everybody sits at the counter and eats these tried and true burgers.  apple pan.  it aint goin no where.Tired of the same ole McD's and CrackIntheBox?  Check out the Apple Pan, a place straight out of the 1940's with a style to boast.  First thing you encounter is the building, a small little box-like tavern in the shadow of the Westside Pavilion. Once inside, you'll actually see what you've been smelling since you opened your car door (I don't know how the neighbors can stand the smell of burgers all day long), in the middle of this small 1940's square shape counter you'll find the brick BBQ where all those delicious burgers are cooked. Now, as far as the burgers go you can do no wrong: the hickory and steak burgers are both amazing.  Not only are they juicy and flavorful, but they're also greasy like they should be.  And just for good measure, they make a homestyle hickory sauce and relish that is divine. On either burger, you have the option of putting melted cheese on it, and here comes the difference maker: the lettuce.  Unlike those fast food places where you get a stale lettuce leaf or two on your burger (*cough* cough* InNOut), the burger masters at the Apple Pan make sure to put a fresh and crunchy wedge of lettuce on your burger, as a way of enhancing all those flavors.  I'm telling you, they got it down to a science!!  Overall, the burgers are magnificent because they're fresh, the ingredients enhance the flavors, and they're cooked just right with the right amount of spice.To add: the fries are pretty good as well, nice and crispy in a sufficient amount.  If that wasn't enough, pie o my!!  Apple pie, banana pie, chocolate cream pie....and many more all home made.  They're just great, no doubt about it.  A side note, check out the cups that you're served.  Whatever you choose to drink (root beer, coke, sprite) they'll serve it in a cone shaped paper cup inside a metal mold.....you can't miss it, its this and the ambiance that takes you back to the LA of old.Oh, and if you've never been there b4, don't be foolish by looking like a tourist in the back of the shack waiting for the waiter to seat you, just go ahead and take an open seat...then they'll take your order.  You'll thank me.The only negatives I can think of is the parking: sometimes you can get a spot in their lot or in the lot across the street at the Pavilion.  Don't risk it by parking it in the residential area, you may get it towed away.  Sometimes, depending on the time of day you hit up the Apple Pan, you may have to wait a few minutes to get a seat.  Though I was once there on a Saturday night at 7, and I got a seat in less than 5 minutes.  Finally, be aware that you're paying for a great burger, a french fry, a coke, a different type of service (I call it "old school and no nonsense"), and the experience.  A burger, a fry, and a drink will run you about $10-12.  Tip if you can, these waiters put up with a lot of crap and they're there for hours, don't be a penny pincher.Overall, a great experience and a great burger an fry, a rare thing to find these days with so many fast food chains.i got a hickory burger, fries, and an apple pie.this place is so old school that they use old ass registers, take cash only, serve drinks in a paper cone cup w/a holder, and waiters are all over 60 yrs old.  they're super nice tho!  burger was verrrry declicious. every single bite i took made a crisp sound. lotta iceberg lettuce, tasty meat, ketchup based special sauce, melted cheese, and soft ass buns. :)  the only thing i can say is there were no onions nor tomato in it. it cost about $7 for one burger.  value wise i may have to go with in&out.  apple pie wasnt that great. i was making love to the chocolate cream pie this boy was eating next to me.  now that looked fricken good.  this apple pie had a thinass crustings all around and the pie wasnt even heated up.  i dont' think i'll go back. but i enjoyed the been-there-ate-that-experience.so we got sucked in based upon some of the better reviews and the fact that it's like #101 on Jonathan Gold's LA Eats list... we were in downtown LA at the Jewelry District getting our gems on for our 15th anniversary rings and felt like we wanted a genuine burger experience... hopped on the 10W and 15 minutes later we were pulling up, VERY hungry!the down and dirty:  what we ate - four people, three hickory burgers / one steakburger... indistinguishable in taste... and no onions? really??? ($7.10 each, plus an additional 50 cents each for cheese, supposedly... more on that later) two orders of fries (decent, but frozen, and $2.60 each), 3 diet cokes ($1.75 PER CAN... no bueno!), and two medium-sized pieces of pie (one apple, one pecan - $6.00 and $6.75, respectively) equaled a grand total of SOMEHOW $59.40 for a burger lunch for four??? YIKES!!!!IF, and ONLY IF this was amazingly good food, I might have been less peeved... but it really, really wasn't.  Don't get me wrong - the food was mostly tasty (waaaaaaaaaay too much catsup on the burgers, although none of us could even FIND the cheese we paid EXTRA to have, no onions available for the burgers, and there did not seem to be a difference between the different burgers (everybody tried to see if either tasted differently... it did not).  Worst of all, they drench the burgers in sweet pickle relish, when everyone knows only dill will do :-D.  The fries, albeit frozen, were cooked pretty well, so that was a plus.The pieces of pie just do not rise to the price charged... the apple filling was decent, but the crust was lame - not flaky at all, and truly mushy, and the pecan lacked any real sense of flavor.  Neither tasted particularly fresh, either.Charging $1.75 for a single can of Diet Coke is highway robbery, anyway you look at it.  Sorry, I know I said that already, but it REALLY pissed me off!!!Decent ambiance for a standing room only literal lunch counter (we walked in and could not find a single seat, much less four together at the swivel seats, so we resigned ourselves to ordering take away and eating in the car when magically four seats DID open up - bonus - it was nice to be able to eat there).  Service is very efficient, if not particularly friendly.The food tasted ok, but even the portions were an issue - I am unable to put down a single cheeseburger and fry at In-n-Out without feeling like I could burst, but I was still hungry after this meal basically when I got up from my counter seat... and remained hungry as I walked to the postage-stamp sized behind-the-restaurant parking lot... and remained hungry all the way down the 405 to our house in Torrance... and am, in fact, still hungry as I write this!  But I'll be DAMNED if I'm going to buy two of those burgers and spend almost $15 for just a couple of hamburgers!!!In short, all you folks who love this place - you're welcome to it.  We'll continue looking for better food at significantly better prices.A well oiled machine, they've been serving burgers & apple pie for 60yrs. You'll feel like you've stepped into a time warp here...no tables, just a horseshoe shaped counter. An LA institution that still has the same folks here, even though you've been coming for years. Kinda like the Samoan guy that I would see at Tommy's cutting onions, these folks have even more history. Simple formula, burgers, a few sandwiches and pies. Hurry up and order, I'm waitin' for your seat...This place makes a real nice steak burger, but i just can't justify the price for a bigger, a bit better tasting in n out burger. i mean thats really what it tastes like, except they replace the american cheese in the in n out burgers with cheddar, which does make the burger taste better. sure the lettuce is crisp, and the beef tastes fresh, but i could get at least two in n out burgers for this one price? the fries are good, but i think i got stiffed on my portion.. my friend got way more.. whatsup with that? pies and etc costs 5-7 dollars depending if u want whip cream or ice cream. so after all is said and done, i paid over 10 dollars for a burger and half order of fries. it wasn't worth it. if this was 6-7 dollars, i'd be much more happy. good, yes. expensive, yes. worth it... i dunno!It's all about the Hickory Burger.I think 3 stars is generous. I think the hype of this place has people come back, not the food (see Hamburger Habit). I mean the burger is tasty, but that hickory sauce is to strong. For the price, you mine as well go to a nicer restaurant and get an Angus Burger or something. I don't want to pay $10 for a burger that doesn't include fries or a drink. A plus is this place is open late for you "4th meal" types, but c'mon I don't see what the big deal is about this place.Great food and atmosphere - go for the hickory burger, fries, and a slice of banana or chocolate cream pieThree stars for being one of the few counter experience left in Los Angeles, although if you're transplant like many of us are, you may not give this place as much slack. Their burgers, at best, are passable. Yes, you heard me, passable. I've read a lot of these reviews and I'm not sure if these high scores are taking into account the eating experience which is definitely worth mentioning. Do I think these burgers are better than The Counter or Father's Office? No.  Are their fries better than McDonald's? I doubt many of us could tell any difference on blind tast test.  Are the pies better than any other deli such as Izzy's? Not really. Like I said I don't think the food is exceptional but I give it three stars as a nod to a different era of burgers.Not the BEST burger I've ever had, but pretty awesome. Great diner experience. Yummy fries and the crust on the apple pie is super fantastic. I will be back.This is a truly classic burger joint. Many have tried to be the Apple Pan but there is only one. The hickory burger with cheese is amazing! It is easy to decide what you want because they only make a few things but they are all top notch! The fast service grantees the hottest burger and the freshest fries on town. Don't forget to save room for a piece of their home made pie!Nice cozy place.  Was very happy with the service, but I can imagine a long wait at this place when it gets busy as there are not that many seats.  Luckily I came on a saturday morning so that was not a concern.  I got the hickory burger, gf got the ham and swiss sandwich on rye, and we shared a slice of apple pie topped with french vanilla ice cream.  Burger was good.  Reminds me of an in and out burger with a special sauce.  That is not a condemnation of this place, thats just how good in and out is.   The sandwich was alright, but what can i expect from a ham and swiss.  The apple pie was where they got 4 stars.  Worth it.The BEST burger EVER! the first come first served process can be frustrating sometimes but I promise it's worth the wait. Get the Hickory Burger, fries, and a slice of pie and your stomach will thank you!No one tops the Apple Pan. Old school burgers that are out of this world. And you got to love the atmosphere. Feels like the 50'sJust went here for the first time on Sunday, did not have to wait too long to sit down maybe 5 minutes tops. The service was also A+ very quick and the guy working was on top of everything going on. Now time for the food. The fries are good, just fries nothing special. I also ordered the Steakburger. It was good. I was thinking it was going to have onion and maybe tomato on it. I was a little bummed that it dod'nt however still a good burger. I think next time I go I will get it with the onion/tomato or try something new. I will go back again.All righty -- let's round up all the folks who hobbled this joint with less than four stars and boot 'em off. Or applaud them for voting the best burger west of the rockies (therefore anywhere) down so we can belly up to the counter a little faster. Hickory burger, easy lettuce and ssshhh, don't tell anyone, but the banana  cream pie is one of the 149 perfect items in the history of the world. A slice of this, consumed flat on your back staring at the ceiling of the sistine chapel, then you can die.Came here with a couple friends based on the recommendation of one of the guys in the group.I'd have to say that this place wasn't as good as advertised for me, but I could see why other people would like it.First of all, seating isn't the greatest. The place is rather small and it seems like it's usually pretty packed. You have to wait around for a seat, but the inefficient thing is that they don't take numbers or anything. Therefore if you are waiting on one side of the room and someone gets up on the other side, most likely someone waiting on the other side of the room will get the seat (even if you got there first). As far as the hickory burger goes, it was pretty good, but nothing extraordinary. I'm not a huge fan of cheese (but I got it anyways) and I never get my burgers with mayo (which it comes with). That being said, I think some ingredients that people think are a must for a good burger are missing in what I consider a good burger. Anyhow, I think the other guys thought the burger was pretty good. The fries were fairly crispy, which I liked. At the end of the meal, we decided to top it off with the apple pie a lo mode. The apples were a tad bit too soggy for my personal preference, but the overall dessert was solid. I'd definitely get it again.What is nice about the place is that there's a real old school feel to it. I think the place was created in the 40's or 50's, and you definitely get that feel in there. The server totals the bill up by hand too, which was kind of neat. I don't know if it was to keep up with the theme of being old school and not having calculators, but that's something I noticed. Although it's only a 3 star for me, I'd come back here again. Just for kicks I'd consider trying something different though.Parking is pretty limited so we just ended up doing mall parking, which is about a 5 minute walk from Apple Pan.Um, I'm glad that apple pan has a following, so they wont miss me. Every five years, I go to apple pan hoping things have changed because I do like the decor. However, im always reminded once i take a bite, why I go every 5 years. If you like a relish sandwich and hold the burger, you will be crazy for apple pan. Its cash only which can be an inconvenience, but  I will say this, they have good desert.This place is my kind of joint. It's sort of a time warp burger place where you can enjoy old fashion food . The fare here is the perfect example of the proto american hamburger. I can't say enough about the food here cause these burgers are real as compared to the fast food crap at the franchise outlets. My favorite thing here is the fresh apple pie a la mode. Free parking across the street under the Land Mark Theater. You may have to wait for a seat but its worth it.I don't understand the cult of Apple Pan.Just because something is old doesn't mean it's worth saving.  This is the type of place I imagine Herbert from Family Guy would have eaten at in the 1940s.   When you walk in you feel like you're entering a creepy old child molestors home.  I like dive-y places as much as the next guy but here it's just a depressing atmosphere.  Adding insult to this is the fact that you are forced to sit uncomfortably close to total strangers... oh, and you usually have to wait about 30 minutes for the privilege. I'm also really grossed out by the weird cups they give you.  It's basically a small metal container that holds a paper sno-cone cup.  Wanna lose your appetite?  Look inside the metal container and you will see remnants of old french fries and catsup (old people hate ketchup).  Even the outsides of these things are sticky and gross.  Whenever I am forced to eat here I just drink my soda straight out of the can. The burger itself is decent, but really, really, really overrated and expensive.  They are cooked almost dangerously rare, and are total grease-bombs.  Expect Jackson Pollack artwork all over your bathroom afterwards. The hickory sauce itself is good but I'm almost positive it's just ketchup mixed with barbeque sauce.  Did I mention that said burger costs about $6.50 and is about the size of a single In-N-Out Burger????  Add fries and a drink and you're easily at 10 bucks.  RIP-OFF.I'm sorry Huell Howser but this place should be bull-dozed and replaced with a shiny new Fatburger or In-N-Out.Quick, no real service here but man are they fast. Amazing burgers. My only gripe: mediocre apple pie. Isn't that supposed to be what they are known for? Apparently not. If you notice other reviews as well, people opt for banana cream.A friend of mine told me that this burger was better than In'N'Out so I figured I'd give it a shot, and he was right. The quality of the burger is very good and the service is pretty friendly. It's a small place but the few times I've gone I haven't had a problem finding a seat. I would definitely recommendThis was a fun experience.  I didn't feel like I was in LA once I set foot inside.  Sitting at a crowded counter and ordering juicy burgers.  I recommend getting the apple pie a la mode to cap off the meal.  Sooo good!Despite all the fuss, Apple Pan just doesn't live up to the hype.  Despite the authentic 1950's countertop diner experience and great apple pie, the burger is pretty on par with your every day In N' Out Burger. It's really just a decent burger at the end of the day.  Sorry, but sometimes the truth can smart.After ranking the big 3 (25 Degrees, The Counter, Father's Office) I continue to see what else is going on in the LA burger scene. From reviews on yelp it seemed this was the next stop. I must say the burger was pretty tasty however I did not care for the sweet pickles that come standard. The cheese was not that present but the beef was damn good. So was the bun. Fries are average and I guess I have to go back to try the pie. However, as far as the burger goes a step down from all of the big 3. Not sure it's worth the $9 when you live in a city full of In N Out and Fatburger.St. Patty's day '09. My 4 yr. old son's bday.  I figure I take long lunch from work and take my wife and son out somewhere yummy.  We are burger fanatics. We love Fathers Office, The Farm at Beverly Hills in the Grove, In-N-Out and still looking for more great L.A. Burgers. Apple Pan is not one of them.  The burger has way more lettuce than meat. Also the fries are disappointing  as they are the frozen crinkle type that lacks flavor.  The apple pie though was good especially since it was served a la mode. Overall I won't go back to stand around to wait for a seat at the counter for a so so meal. Oh yeah and soda is served in a paper cone with some sort of metal holder that was more of a hassle than nostalgic.i'm gonna have to agree with Michael T. here on this one.they make a decent burger, and the fries were golden, crispy (but not too crispy), and delicious.  if this was my neighborhood burger joint, i would be fairly happy.  not so much because it knocks the socks off of everyone else, but because it's another historical landmark of LA.the one thing i didn't like about this place was the line.  i didn't like how we had to awkwardly stand around the perimeter of the counter and jump at the first seat that opened up like orphans scrounging for scraps at the table.despite that, i loved the old fashioned diner feel of the place (+1 star), and i secretly do wish we had more :)I keep scratching my head over this place.  I have been eating here for twenty years and keep waiting for a light bulb to go off. It appears on every foodie rag that this is a destination for burgers, a meat shrine to simpler times in LA, but I find the food to be a little too ordinary, in reality,  for what is a $8 burger/fries combo.  You can certainly do better elsewhere. San Gabriel Valley has In-N-Out and Pie and Burger, and the OC has TK Burgers and Penguin Cafe, which as a whole, taste better to me.This place gets a lot of hype from the locals in SoCal.  So finally, I went down there and tried it out.  The hickory burger is great for what it is, but you will get a pretty bare bones classic hamburger.  This place is like the anti-thesis of the Counter's choose-your-own ingredients business model.  Still, if I was over on the West side and not feeling like getting Japanese food on Sawtelle, I would probably sit at the counter of the Apple Pan.My husband and I were down in the Newport area with my in-laws looking for a car when dinnertime came and we asked the dealership guys about burger joints. One of the guys mentioned the Apple Pan as being this amazing burger place that he loved, but said it was super far away. He told if we were ever in the West LA area, we had to stop by and get a Hickoryburger there. Lo and behold, two days later, we were in LA, visiting the Tim Burton exhibit at the LACMA. Around dinnertime, we decided to try this place. We got lucky and found parking in the rear (there are like 8 spots). Upon entering, we notice that this place was small, with limited seating. That's because the eating area is one giant countertop surrounding the grill station. There are about 20 seats surrounding it. It had an old diner feel to it which was pretty cool. Since we were a party of 5, we had to split up to find seats. My husband and I got a couple of seats in the far right corner, which was nice- more privacy. The waiter behind the counter immediately came and got our drinks orders- cream soda and a water. The soda came in a sno-cone paper cone in a metal container. Interesting. My husband and I both order Hickoryburgers with cheese. Only downside- burgers are not customizable. Only mayo, lettuce, meat, house sauce, and optional cheese. The burger themselves are great- wonderful special sauce on them!!! Delicious burgers :) Fries were great too- perfectly crispy outside and soft on the inside. Our waiter even poured ketchup for us. After our burgers, we decided to try a slice of their apple pie. It was good, but it could have been better. The insides were soupy, the apples were not pieces, but more like apple puree,  and the crust was not flaky, just kinda bland. We still finished it, but I was not totally loving the pie. Overall, I highly recommend the hickoryburgers, but not so much the apple pie.i love this burgerThis place has it all. It's as authentic as it gets. A good ol' American burger joint! The hickory burger and fries is fast food heaven. Its very fast by the way which worked out perfectly because I was starving. Also, the service was great. Our server was Hector, an Apple Pan veteran for 35 years and man, that guy is lightning fast. I loved the apple pie so much I bought a whole pie to take to my folks.Almost my entire life I've lived practically within spitting range from here, and had never been!  Well, I'd finally thought it was just happening too often that people found out I'd never been and told me to go, so we came for hickory burgers.  I don't know what kind of crack they put in there, but that vinegar-y, smoky (liquid smoke?) red saucey perfection is just awesome.  I love that they use Tillamook cheddar, too, not some crappy american cheese.  The Apple Pan needed another review like I need a hole in the head, but...there you go.  I'd go back in a second.  Places that do one thing and do it right are hard to come by, and the Apple Pan is awesome sauce.  Even the banana cream pie was good, and I'm not a big fan of cream pies.If this place was cheaper, I would give it higher ratings. I don't get what the hype is with this place. They serve classic american diner burgers and it's... ok... I think In-N-Out has around the same quality and it's much cheaper. There is no service to this place. You just sit at the counter and order your burger. I would not want to wait for the burgers here. Overpriced and average tasting.This burger joint is absolutely amazing. Although this place has an ackward seating arrangement, the food makes up for it!! One of the best burgers I have ever eaten in my life.This place is tiny!  You seat yourself and wait to find space at the counter to order.We ordered the steak burger and ordered an apple pie to go.  Service was pretty prompt and quick.  Food arrived quickly, too, from what I can remember.  The burger was good.Apple pie was taken to go for a potluck.  I have to say the pie was unique since they gave us a type of sweet apple sauce to go with the pie.  A little bit unexpected but good.next time i go to a place and it looks like my house from the outside im literally gonna just go and eat at home.  there are no booths. there are no tables. just a bar. with burgers. this place is the epitome of 3 stars. i damn near fell asleep in my cheeseburger.  the cheese was the most interesting part. ive seen cheese ferment and that has been more interesting than eating here.  this place makes my jr high library look like mardi gras.  the club sauce is relish. FUCKIN RELISHthe only thing worth eating is the pie a la mode.  if you ever step foot inside this place. do not eat the burger (with club sauce). do not eat the hickory burger (with club sauce). do not eat the shoe string fries. JUST EAT THE DAMN PIE WITH ICE CREAM ON ITI enjoyed it, liked my apple pie. burger was good but nothing to write home about but then again I'm not a big fan of bbq sauce on my burger. Otherwise I would have loved it.If it's a cheap burger joint. Quick service. Regular burgers. Not a hang-out spot - you sit around a bar and they make your food and serve it wrapped in paper. The burger was ok but way below th in-n-out level. I've always been curious about this place and I appreciate the service but I don't think I'd ever come again.Couldn't be more obsessed.  Everything is amazing.  Fries and the banana cream pie are my favorite.  Love the guys who work there.  GO!good servicegood burgereveryone says you have to try the pie there, next timesimple diner, throw back to the 50's.  Sat at the counter.  Good burger and fries.  Odd soda in a little metal holder, (not a fan but it was memorable).  Worth it, I enjoy simple and a good burger.  I'm a fan.The burgers are good, but for me, Apple Pan is all about the french fries and pie!  I'm not a big apple pie guy, but their Banana Cream and Pumpkin pies are the best.My fiance introduced me to this place about 4.5 years ago. Really really yummy. You should savor every bite, so yummy. Some say I'm bias, but my fiance and I love it. We're in Pasadena and we go to the westside just to  have apple pan. In-n-out is does not compare and I've had some other burgers in Chicago that was on the Oprah's best burgers list and they were not like the hickory burger. Apple pan for life! I'm just gonna head on over there now :)Yay! I'm a fan.The HIckory Burger is delicious. The apple pie is surprisingly mediocre. It's usually packed and people standing along the wall waiting for a seat. I've never had a problem with parking because I only come here after watching a movie at the Landmark across the street.Crappier pantry.Soooooo glad I finally went! Had the steak burger w/ no sauce, fries & apple pie. They were all fantastic! CASH ONLY but there is a Wells Fargo right next door. NO HIGHCHAIRS if you have a lil one. A little pricy but definitely worth every penny! A historical L A landmark that you must try!Good quality burgers, but the real star here is the apple pie. Not too sweet, great crust. Fun atmosphere, and if you are a fan of Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, you will love it! I'm looking forward to trying the ham and swiss or egg salad sandwich next time.Didn't try any pie but burgers were ok. I like in n out betterBest burger in town... always fresh, always packed! Try the hickory burger.. its out of this world!So My husband and I tried this place the other night and I've been wanting to go because they've been around forever. You walk in and you've stepped back in time From the crowed Formica counter and the old fashioned cash registers to the cold Dr pepper served in a paper cone tucked into a metal ice cream dish. You want to love it you really do but the apple burger was just ok with way to much ketchup to be good. The hickory burger has a BBQ sauce that is just really a typical red sauce with very little BBQ flavor again a decent burger but overpriced and over sauced. The fries were wonderfully hot and crispy but under seasoned and the pie we got was burnt on the bottom and had warmed apple juice poured over it to hide this fact. IF you want ok overpriced burgers this is your place but I don't think it lives up to the hypeTalk about a great burger.There are few places that stand the test of time, and the Apple Pan is certainly one of those iconic LA spots.  I grew up around the corner from the Apple Pan and feel at home amongst the plaid walls and familiar guys behind the bar.  I love sitting at one of the red pleather bar stools and watching the burgers flip on the center stove and gaze at the other patrons.  Order your fries WELL done.  I personally love their tuna melts, the best tuna in the city hands down.  A jukebox was brought in a few months ago and only lasted one week and that's because the Apple Pan is a classic, and doesn't need any frills.The Hickory Burger was pretty good, but the fries were subpar. I didn't have room for pie though... maybe next time.The place has a nice old school vibe (cone cups!) but it's a bit overrated and overpriced. It also seems like a quick-in, quick-out place - the cooks/servers made me feel a bit rushed even though there were plenty of open seats, but I guess that's just part of the charm.I think it really matters what you order here if you want to leave satisfied.I order the hickory bigger but light on lettuce.  If you don't, you're basically going to get a lettuce sandwich and for a carnivore like me, that doesn't fly.  I also noticed that different chefs cook the burgers differently.  If you end up having one of the chefs that thinks it's wise to squash the burger on the griddle top with the spatula, you're not going to be getting a very good burger.  They basically just squeeze all the moisture out of it and you end up with a dry, thin burger.  I'd say this happens about 1 out of every 4 trips I go.  Most of the time, you'll have a good chef who knows what they're doing.Also, not all of the pies are very good.  The chocolate cream pie shouldn't even be on the menu.  The pecan pie is very good though.  The fries are just too plain for me.  I think they need to step it up in the fry department because it's not very difficult to make good fries.  They have no salt and are overcooked.As long as you know what to order, you'll be pretty happy.  This isn't one of those places where you can get anything on the menu and be blown away.  It's also very overpriced so you want to make sure you get something good instead of Jello pudding in pie crust.  The burger patty is on the small side and without any real high end ingredients, I find myself scratching my head at the price.  Same with the pie.  Small piece.  Big price.  Smart owner.  Papa John's... whoops, I mean Apple Pan.This place only get's one star because our server grabbed raw meat and put it on the grill for our cook AND delivered the cooked food to customers WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS!!!! There is no excuse for that in my eyes. Oh how I wanted to love this place. You walk in and it's a busy place. If you can imagine a rectangle bar where everybody sits and eats minus one side of the rectangle, that is how this place is set up. There arn't any tables and you kind of just have to snatch a seat when one comes up. The cooks are in the middle of the room. The food wasn't bad, wasn't great by any means, but not awful. The fries arn't made fresh, just some frozen fries. If you want a good burger...try Goldenstate!I think most people go here because it's an LA landmark, and there's nothing wrong with that.  The burgers are good, in the classic style.  But it's hard to compete on burgers in a city famous for its amazing burgers.  The fries are good too.  The apple pie is great.I get that the paper plates and cups are part of the 'thing' about this place.  And I get that it's cash only.  And, I get that the awkward process of finding seats (and eating with a line of hawks watching you, waiting for their moment to strike on your seat) is part of the 'thing' too.  But if your thing is 'cheap LA landmark,' your prices should reflect that too.All that said, I live a couple blocks from apple pan and I've been there twice.  Ever.  And I don't really plan to go back.The sauce of Hickory Burger was great. The fries was better than average. The banana cream pie was really good. The price was okay. It's just 11am on weekday and already full.Went here a few times and its a very good spot to eat some fresh burgers.  It's an old school diner and you have to fend for yourself to get a seat.  Once you do you are in for a real treat.  The burgers are fresh and fries are very tasty too.  Their pies are also freshly made daily and are super good for dessert.Expensive, not hearty, and you get handed a drink in a small styrofoam cup.  NOT worth the wait or the price, when you can go to In N Out for the same deal.AWFUL RUDE EXPERIENCE. go elsewhere.Now personally, I don't know what everyone is raving about. My burger was weak, the fries were mushy, and my apple pie was COLD. Freezing. I'm pretty sure the vanilla ice cream on top was the only thing heating it up. The food is gross, the service isn't much better and they only take cash. Also, there is only seating at the counter, so you can kiss any kind of conversation goodbye. The only part I liked was the jukebox.Everyone's been commenting on the great burgers, fries and banana cream pie, and they're all true, BUT, there is more to life than burgers and banana cream pie. The Apple Pan also makes the best tuna salad sandwich (get it on rye), and the most amazing pecan pie anywhere (yes, its an acquired taste to some). Been going there on and off for 30 years and its never changed, I think some of the staff have been there that long as well.Having lived walking distance from The Apple Pan for the majority of my life, I've never really understood why some people love this place so much.    I do love the old time charm that it still has and the fact that it does take you to a different era when you step inside the building.  Unfortunately for me, thats really the only positive feature of this place.The whole seating thing has been mentioned on here ad nauseum, but it does make me uncomfortable.  I hate people watching me closely when i'm eating and talking with other people, and I hate doing the same to others.  I've seen fights erupt here from people cutting in line, not waiting their turn, etc.  It's really unnecessary and a simple sign in sheet would make everything easier on both the customers and staff.Now to the food.  The burgers here are decent.  I've had both, and they are solid, well made burgers with good ingredients.  They go overboard on the lettuce, but you can get the burger without it if you desire.  My complaints are with the price and the portion.  If I'm spending $8 on a burger, I don't want to be hungry after eating it.  I'm not a huge eater, but I can polish off one of their burgers in 4 or 5 bites.  Altogether, a burger, fries, and a coke from a can runs around $15-16 with tax and tip, and thats just too much for a small, decent burger, okay fries, and a drink.  I would much rather go to In & Out and get a better tasting burger for half of the price or spend the extra money and spend $15 on a gourmet burger at a place like Father's Office.  Overall, I won't knock anyone for loving the place, but it just is not for me.Great burgers I love that when you go here time doesn't change. It's been the same for the 20 years I have been going, and a place like this should never change.  If yu love burgers you can't go wrong hereI don't know why people are complaining that the burgers here are "just as good" or "only a little better" than In-N-Out. IN-N-OUT IS DELICIOUS, PEOPLE. Thus, by the transitive property, the Apple Pan's burgers are also delicious. So are their fries and pies. Does In-N-Out serve pie? I didn't think so.Apple Pan is alright.  I agree with David from below.  Parking is at a premium here.  I recommend the small parking behind.  The unsaid rule of WAIT your TURN for a seat is funny.  One must stake there claim on a seat.  Be sure to know what type of burger you are in the mood in.  The menu is simple do not go in thinking that someone is going to explain your options.  EnjoyI've never had to wait longer than 5 minutes to get a seat here, but then again I probably make ti a point to come outside of peak hours. I love their burgers, fries and of course the apple pie when I can fit it in. I also really appreciate the old school vibe here, the fact that they have amazing root beer and cream soda, and yea even that they are cash only! I just don't understand why you'd go somewhere before looking at their menu or yelp page ahead of time, so that cash only thing really shouldn't be a surprise to anyone nowadays.I made a pilgrimage to the Apple Pan last weekend (after Photo LA show at the Barker Hanger).  With two friends, there was no chance we would be able to sit together (no big deal, prepare to be flexible while dining here!)  Steakburger was tasty, Fries were some of the best I've had since being in Holland over the summer.  The place is smoky (reminiscent of Korean BBQ's I've been to).  A little more expensive than IN-N-Out, which serves a similar but different menu.  The countermen are vintage, from a time when you would have to fight for their attention (and your food).  I'm reminded of another LA classic, The Pantry.  There are only a handful of places like this in LA, they really don't give a F*ck about you or your business.  They just keep delivering the same product to their customers for years, a real rarity in America in these times.  I will return, and I would recommend it for the food, and the vibe, if only for the experience of being in someone else's world for about 20 minutes of your life.In N Out does a much better job in every aspect except they don't have above average pie.Hands down the best burgers for miles around.A perfect classic burger! Had a double steak cheeseburger, fries, coke, and finished with apple pie a la mode; only way to go here. I had a craving for Apple Pan, went in yesterday, and met nostalgic bliss. My dad used to bring me here when I was little. Everything is exactly the same as it was 20 years ago. Warning that the place is small but at least never overwhelmingly busy. And also don't make the mistake i made; they are closed on Mondays. Also always amazing attentive service. They pull out a little plate and serve you the ketchup.The burgers here are nothing special, too much lettuce on my burger. Fries, mediocre. Service was okay.Good and solidThis place is an L.A. institution.  You've got people in seats around a counter and other people breathing down their necks waiting for their turn.  I know I've made a reference to the Soup Nazi of Seinfeld fame in another review, but it applies here too.  You gotta know what you want to order before you sit down in the precious few seats.  We had brought a co-worker here for lunch once, and she asked for a menu and took time to look through it.  I thought the server was going to burst into flames. She also wasn't used to the pressure of having people standing behind her wishing she'd hurry up to finish her burger and leave, so she wolfed down the burger and got heartburn afterwards. It was pretty hilarious. I think everyone should come here and experience this place once.I used to come here often for lunch. I know some of the cooks and servers. I used to help them with their accounts. Anyways, I love their burger versus a McDonald's burger. It just taste fresh. It's cash only, as you have already read. And never order anything double. Why? Well if your order a double burger you'll get charged for TWO burgers. Yeah so eat that $14 dollar double burger.....  :oI don't think a trip to LA would be complete without visiting this classic institution.  Are you low carb?  NO FEAR They make a protein burger in a lettuce bun with no fuss.  Where else in LA does the waiter put your burger on the grill?  Save room for dessert they have amazing pie!  The price is a little high and there may be a wait bc it's so freaking busy all the time, but you can also order to go!  I think hands down one of the top 5 great burgers in LA!  RECOGNIZE!love the old school feel to it.  seating at bar only and only about 20 seats. i didn't try the pie so i can't be that reliable when it comes to a review of this place.  Service was fast although i felt shoved out of my seat sooner than i wish...  the hamburgers sucked, but the fries were good, typical burger joint greasy fries.  i would not go again though... unless i was trying a pie.... but i'm really not a pie person.My roomates boyfriend treated me here once.  Its a fun experience, its like eating a great burger in a southern small town old school diner...only youre smack in the middle of LA. Okay so I've never been to the south.  All that red state crap scares me. But I bet thats what crap looks like out there.  Old white shingled diner-type.  Mixed crowd makes for good people watching.  It does a hangover gooood.  Make sure to get pie and ice cream!I really want to like this place more. The AP truly is an LA institution, and I highly recommend checking it out at least once.  Customers almost always have to wait for a stool which only adds to the lore. The waiters have a dry sense of humor that can border on rudeness at times.  It feels like you've stepped into the 40's here. This place isn't really about the food, though the pies can hold their own, it's more about the experience. The burgers and sandwiches lean towards ordinary but the plump fries do satisfy. I can understand why the AP attracts large crowds, but I only go when I'm feeling nostalgic.We made a quick stop for their banana creme pie.  It was not bad, but it was not the best we've had.  You can find much better banana creme pie at Susina.  The pie was served sloppily on a plate, like it was just thrown on there, and the bananas were an ugly grey-brown color.  The crust was too flaky and dry.  It was definitely not freshly made.  There was one waiter and he was a grumpy old man.  He threw our plates around and walked around slamming things here and there.  How rude.  The highlight of our meal was sitting next to John Lithgow.This is a pretty interesting place. The Burgers are unique and delicious, and the setup is old-fashioned. They still use the original cash registers from when the restaurant first opened.They also serve your drink in a paper cup which is pretty cool. Let your server slash some ketchup on the plate for you as well. If you like a lettuce-packed burger, this is definitely the spot to come eat. They have two different variations of a burger which are both pretty tasty. I slightly prefer the hickory burger but both are worth a try! Dont forget a slice of apple pie with ice cream afterward. its a must for the dedicated fattie.I'm on the same page as Mike D., I want to like this place more but it's more about the ambience and experience than the food I guess.  It's always crowded when I pass by it, and I remember not being too fond of the place when I was little because it would always be so hot, low-lit and packed.  I can agree to disagree though, there isn't going to be a line outside of this place for nothing right?  But then again, sometimes that doesn't speak much for the place (ex. Tito's Tacos).  I need to go back to reevaluate because I honestly haven't been here since I was in elementary school maybe because my school was right around the corner.  Good to go there at least once to check it out because it is still one of the great Los Angeles landmarks still in business today.I'm gonna give my first 5 star review (for a food place)  to this place because its just a classic burger joint that cannot be topped in its field. Yeah 8oz Burger on Melrose gives you tons more options but you can't go wrong with a tried and true formula that Apple Pan has been following for decades. I go with the Steakburger with cheese because I like relish in my burgers. Their pies are good too, the coconut cream pie and banana cream pies specifically. I also like that this place isn't desperate enough to put a tacky looking tip jar by the register. It shows a little bit of class even though the workers there are busting their ass endlessly and a lot of customers probably order their food to go.I was expecting a really good cheeseburger and it was just OK. I think it's partially to do with the sauce they put on it, which I did not like. It was kind of like Russian dressing with relish in it or something. I also prefer to have a plate if I'm eating a burger at a restaurant - regardless of how casual it is. Even fast food places give you some kind of tray.... That kind of grossed me out. The fries were really good and I ate way too many of them, which may be why I am so bitter as I write this review.My buds Lor and Rich took me here after a Grateful Dead Concert. Perfect no? Needless to say, it was a long strange trip! I adored the kitsch and the food was excellent. You have to wait for someone to give a seat up as it has like 20 bar seats. People are wonderful moving along. This one woman, moved over so that we could all sit together. Imagine my paranoia, needing to sit next to my buds after the concert. (HA). It was such a LA thing.You yelpers are so funny. No tomatoes, oh no! Did you ask the guys that work there about it? They don't use tomatoes because they can't consistently get fresh tomatoes in the quantity they would use, and want to keep the hickory burger's mouth-wateringyness intact. You wait because it's awesome, and if you don't think it's worth it, move along to the next fusion joint that will be gone in a year and leave your stool open for me. If the staff were friendly you'd sit there for too long and hold up the line...did you come for a burger or to make friends with 60 year old dudes in aprons? The fries, however, do leave something to be desired, but you go there for one thing and one thing only because it is the best!This is a LA Classic that has been open since 1947. It is always over-crowded, there is only meter parking if you can find a spot. There is no tables or booths, you literally have to hover over fellow diners to wait for a seat then jump on it when its your turn. The menu is simple and concise. I get the hickory burger with fries and an old fashioned root beer. They plop your plate down after a few minutes and you eat. When you finish they try to sell you like a $8 piece of pie. (Is there gold nuggets in there). My friend swears by the banana cream pie. Then you pay and GTFO. That's it. I don't see the hype. Not the best burger, not the best service and not comfortable dining experience.Service - 5 Stars. Gruff with a smile. Quick and friendlyFood - 5 Stars.  Delicious grilled hickory burger, hot fries (sometimes a bit burnt) and amazing pies. Price - 3 Stars.  A bit pricey for the portions but worth it for the atmosphere.I have read several reviews of the Apple Pan, and I am appalled! The burgers are good, and have amazing flavor. What is so great about this place is its simplicity, tradition that hasn't changed since I've been going there (15 or so years) and the amiable staff. Yes, there are limited seats, but I say that if you really want a solid burger than you have to pay your dues in the back of the line. It's no big deal. This place is old school and they are not going to accommodate impatient people. The only rant I have against this place is that it can be tough finding parking. But, what can you do. You should definitely experience this LA landmark at least once and decide for yourself!Are there really people who dare give this place less than 5 stars? Fools! You do not deserve to ever return to this wonderful gem of a diner. Dare I say, you should all be banished from LA altogether. Ridiculous.The Apple Pan is the best place in the world, as far as I am concerned, and the burgers there are phenomenal. The fries are delectable and even the coffee is delicious. And I'm picky about my coffee, I tell ye what. And the pies, oh, the pies! Heaven!The service is incredible. The waiters are so freaking fast, it's like they got a motor on their ass! And they can read your mind. Am I low on napkins? The guy is right there, and he would wipe the ketchup off my mouth himself, if it wasn't for society. Yes, they're stern, but those are some solid guys behind that counter that you can rely on. Just like that dinosaur of a register they have in there.No, anybody who cannot appreciate this precious little time-warp of a place, is no friend of mine. Don't mess with the Apple Pan. It's perfection.I crave Hickory Burgers.And don't forget to order your fries extra-crunchy with some Hickory sauce on the side.But oh Dear Apple Pan-could you please carry Pepsi as well as Coke?And go back to Orange Crush?Is that too much to ask after 50+ years of loyalty?You would be a perfect FIVE with a nice cold can of Pepsi to keep my Hickory Burger company.So many people love this place.  I understand, it's an LA Institution.  Personally, I work in Century City and my team and I make lunch runs to the more special local places.  In looking for something different a few months ago we decided to go here.  The service was not cool, the curt guy at the counter was almost purposely unfriendly.  We then ordered, got our food and went back to the office to eat it.  My burger was simply raw hamburger.  I threw it out.  We tried it again a month later, it looked cooked on the outside this time, but was raw on the inside again.  Last try was Friday, another raw burger, and I've spent the weekend with "stomach issues"...not going back.  (to clarify, I don't mean the burgers were rare, simply uncooked.)Go There and order the Hickory Burger and  come back and thank me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!BEST IN THE COUNTRYStep back in time and taste one of LA's best burgers, fries, and homemade pies.  There's a saucy hickory burger that's not to be missed and I highly recommend the pecan pie with ice cream.  If you're a burger lover, you'll be planning your next visit to this historical burger joint after you take one bite.  I still remember the first day my dad took me to it 31 years ago!Three of my family members and I came here because we read great reviews on yelp and in Sunset magazine about Apple Pan.  First off, parking would have been really difficult if it were extremely busy because there are only 10 parking spaces.  Upon entering the diner, it was hard to find seating because the seats were set up in a "u" counter.  So for those who want to come with a party greater than three, don't plan on being seated easily. Oh and by the way, you're not actually seated. You have to wait for yourself and awkwardly stand around with other parties. When spaces become available after 15-20 minutes of waiting, the people who have been waiting have to guess who came first to be seated in an "orderly" fashion.  Because we had a party of 4, we had to wait longer to be able to sit together. When we finally sat down, we felt rushed because of the waiting parties who were standing right behind us.  However, the food came out very quickly which was a relief.  But contrary to what other yelpers said about the taste of the burgers and fries, there was nothing very special about them.  We ordered the hickory burgers and I actually did not think it tasted great.  There was too much lettuce in the burger and the "special" sauce tasted strangely like a blend of peanut butter and barbecue sauce.  My sister's opinion differed from mine because she liked the amount of lettuce and the taste of the mayo and sauce.  I guess it's just what your taste buds prefer...but I think In-N-Out burgers taste so much more flavorful.Afterwards, we tried their long awaited famous apple pie.  Thinking that the pie would make up for the burgers, we were disheartened at first bite.  The pie tasted a bit bland and the crust had no crispy flavor.  We thought the ice cream that came with the pie tasted way better.Finally, our bill was extremely overpriced.  Four hickory burgers, four fries, four sodas, and two apple pies came out to $65. It was not worth spending that much money on what we were served.In summary, we were greatly disappointed by our food and seating situation.  We would rather go to a place like In-N-Out and spend $15 for the same amount of food and better taste.On a scale of 1 to 10 with 1 being the lowest, I would rate the hamburger, this place serves, a negative 3.  I have enjoyed McDonald's hamburgers better that this. The fries were ok. The drink was in a can. The price for this whole thing, for my wife an me, was over $27 even without the tip.  Never again. We went there because it was rate the number one hamburger in Los Angeles.  Who ever gave them this rating must of been rating garbage that day.Really flavorful, good burgers. The fries are pretty good. The pie is DAMN good. Cash only FYIthis is still one of my favorite places to get a burger.  the wall paper and cash register have been the same since it opened in the 1930s.  there are two burgers: steak burger, hickory burger.  the hickory burger is just the steak burger with bbq sauce.  they also have other sandwiches for those who don't eat burgers like egg salad sandwich.the banana cream pie is heavenly.   enough said.Delicious burgers!  I loved how the burgers come wrapped in paper, perfectly tucked in so you don't get any sauce on your hands.  I think one of the key ingredients to the deliciousness of the burgers here is the super fresh, super crisp, whole lettuce leaves they pile on top.  MMM.  The fries are really good, too.  The only thing I didn't like was the seating... it's so inefficient and confusing for a first timer.  But i guess it's something you just have to deal with when you go to a quirky old timey place like Apple Pan.  I was thinking about getting some pie, but ouch!  $5 for a slice?  I'll take the burger instead.I had my first Apple Pan experience ast night on the way to the UCLA Bball game.  I felt like I was in a time warp taken back 40 years. The service was mediocre but the food was delicious.  The fries were nice and crispy and the steakburger was absolutely scrumptious and juicy.  The relish was great and I did ask for some mayo on the side to dip my fries and my burger.  Since my buddy Jaime didn't want to split the fries, I didn't have room for the pie but the banana cream and the apple pie made my mouth water like a pavlovian dog.  mmmm mmmm good.  Seating is kind of tricky so try to recognize every one in there when you step in so you don't lose your place in line.  Assertive behavior (at least that what a long time patron after me said)  is a must.  Go and try.  You haven't lived until you've had the experience.the food gets four stars but the price and hype make it a 3. I just don't get what's so special? Honestly, it's just a regular burger, more like Fatburger than In N Out if you want to compare. Some of my friends think it's the best burger in LA. I would have to disagree. It was fun having a slice of apple pie at the end but it wasn't anything to write home about. I think this place has a nice idea but it's definitely a one-stop place for me!I didn't actually like my burger, but it wasn't a bad burger... I just don't like sweet with my meat. But, if you do, you get a somewhat homestyle type burger from a place with a diner-type feel. Parking was quite difficult and we did not manage to get a seat at the big rectangular counter around the cooks, but we did get our $6 burgers. Not quite as portion-size satisfying as Tommy's or what I envision Carl's Jr. to provide, but an interestingly slightly gourmet sweet apple onion flavor with a burger about as satisfying as 1.5-2 In-N-Out burgers.Classic burgers done well.  The menu is small, but what they do make, they make is very well.  I tried the steak burger and had a side of fries.  It was really good and it soon was devoured.  It's a little on the small side, so I left feeling a little bit hungry.  The pie was a little runny for my liking, but it was alright.Yes, this place has been there forever, has a good burger, and decent pies. But be warned -- it is highly OVER-rated.$34 + tip for 2 hickory burgers (w/cheese), 1 order fries, 2 canned sodas and 2 pieces of pie.  Nuff said!i could've sworn i'd submitted a review for the apple pan before, but i guess i didn't. the meal was THAT satisfying that i forgot all about my yelping duties.so here it is. my reflections on the apple pan.i love this place. what's not to love? sure, there isn't really ample parking out back and you may have to park across the street at the mall and *gasp* cross the street to eat... and sure, you may have to wait a while (about 10 minutes) for a seat at the totally rad, charming, old-school counter... but gosh, these minor inconveniences are totally worth the totally stellar taste of the apple pan's hickory burger with tillamook cheese. i've had both, the original steak burger as well as the hickory one, and the hickory burger is still my hands-down fav. follow your burger and fries up with a slice of banana cream pie (the best), and i guarantee satisfaction. i love me a gourmet burger, but i'll pick one of apple pan's dare-i-say refreshing (it's the lettuce!), perfectly-sized, unfussy  burgers over all 'em other contenders (umami, comme ca, burger bar ones) any day.If a tour of LA burger culture existed, The Apple Pan would probably be the starting point. It's worthwhile to eat here once, if only to check it off the list of obligatory SoCal meal experiences. The only noteworthy part of my visit is that I ate beside David Schwimmer. I might not have noticed him but for the fact that he was flanked by two friends who, like me, were sporting Cubs attire.I went for the pie... I had a whole meal. It was good. Not stellar. The end. Cash only. Luckily B of A is a few doors down.The apple relish makes the burger and the vintage diner feel are what make this place great. Cash only, though, of course.food: very very old school.  nothing too fancy at all.  bun, burger, lettuce, tomato..you know?service: sooo old school and soo sweet ;)final thoughts: nothing specialI would rate the burgers 2 stars and the cool old diner feel/decoration as 4 stars....Steakburger is the best on the menu. I love the choices offered for soda and they come in bottles. Cute place but can only seat so many people. The servers are very nice. Food comes pass.Okay, I love some good burgers, and I will travel to get them. But I really do not understand what's so great about this place. It's just generally okay. I got the Hickory burger (to much fanfare) and some fries and... well... it was a burger and fries. Always nice, but... um... yeah... no big deal. I'd have to say I'm way more impressed with In-n-Out as a chain, and that didn't require sitting in a hotass room with a crowd of people. I guess it might be your glass slipper, since so many other people dig on it, and is worth a try if you're passing by, but I really wouldn't put it on my burger bucket list.Sounds like a cutesy brunch cottage but it is actually a burger joint. Burger fries and drinks a la carte. Fair quality but nothing to brag about. Don't come if presentation matters. Or service for that mater: once you finally get a seat, it's a "What do you want?" and order type of place. Then you eat and they slap a handwritten bill in front of you. It's an old building with a ratty screen door and small interior, usually packed all the time. Banana creme pie was fresh but not award worthy. Parking in the area is pretty crappy if I remember. You'll probably be just as happy at another independent burger place streetside, but I would recommend it over a crappy fast food chain.My expectations were to high. The only thing good was the pie. Lots of folks compare Apple Pan to In-N-Out...NO WAY! Does not even come close! Cute place but the burgers are not that great. I ordered the steak burger and banana cream pie. The Banana cream pie was pretty darn good. Lots of bananas! I would prob go back for the pie. Service is not the best..they can be pretty rude. This place gets packed so try to come after dinner time since seating is pretty limited. CASH ONLY!Very small places with no tables just a big counter surrounding a small kitchen area where the cooks make the burgers and fries. We ordered the Hickory burger and it was yummy. Unfortunately at 11pm an hour before closing on a Thursday night they ran out of Apple Pie. So sad. But it gives me a reason to come back.This place is a little overrated. Not enough seating so you usually have to wait to sit and order. The burgers are decent, they have good fries too. Pies are pretty good. The Apple Pan has been here forever and you kinda have to go at least once just to say you've been, lol.This place isn't all that its cracked up to be.  I had to wait 15 minutes for two chairs to open up next to each other on a tuesday night, since they only have counter seating.  Its a bizarre set up.  There burger itself is generic, its good but I wouldn't even give it honorable mention in my top ten.  I must say their apple pie is out of this world, ALMOST enough to give them a four but since I was so disappointed in their burger, it didnt help to save them.  Also you must order the apple pie with ice cream.  If your in Culver City, its worth checking out, but you also have titos tacos and johnnies pastrami pretty close.I thought that the restaurant was really cute, but small at the same time. Good thing I went after dinner rush hour, othewise, I don't think I would be able to get a seat for a little while. I thought that the burger was a regular burger andt hought that an In-N-Out burger would have sufficed. At first, I thought that I was being a little too judgemental about my love for this burger. But before I wrote this review, I looked at some of the comments on this restaurant and I came to a conclusion that there was nothing too special about this burger.The hickory burger had tender meat. If you like sauce all over your burger, then this is for you. Fries were average, nothing special to report. On the other hand, the banana creme pie was amazing the apple pie was just as awesome. On the down side, the pies were over $5 per slice which is way too expensive.Brisk service. Fantastic apple pie, scrumptious french vanilla ice cream and surprisingly good coffee were my standouts. It was a fun experience - I like sitting at a counter and the old school open-kitchen vibe.I wasn't too impressed with the burgers the first time I came, despite the rave reviews. But the banana cream pie? Now that alone is worth 5 stars. The $6 price tag? Not so much. $6 for a slice of pie? Really???My dad used to take me here and we'll sit at the counter and eat an old fashioned, hickory smoked burger with cheese, onions and no gimmicks. There would be a heaping plate of pickles and a fantastic slice of apple pie afterward. You can't buy memories like that.hickory burger is spot on! i came here on a Sunday lunch date with one of my girlfriends based on a recommendation from a good friend.definitely checked yelp first, and there were so many keywords for hickory burger, so I thought, why not?!we parked in the westside pavillion (3 hours free) and walked right over to this spot. the restaurant is a diner-ish styled restaurant! very quaint and old styled themed.  Our wait was probably... 10-15 minutes before we sat down.we ordered: the hickory burger, side of fries, banana creme pie & cream soda.  The beverages are sooo adorable. they give you these little cute cone shaped cups to pour your beverage in! the french fries were similar to steak fries (not my kind of fries), but the waiter consistently pours ketchup out for you :)the hickory burger was soo delicious. barbeque-y flavor and i think there's been many reviews written about this burger.and of course.. we had to get a slice of banana cream pie! it was my first time trying banana cream pie and man did i fall in love =)cons- don't get the chubbier male waiter, he rushes you out (kinda)- cash onlyAlthough the meat was prepared well and the bun was nice, the burger had way too much ketchup and was extremely messy. I didn't particularly enjoy the special sauce either. And the fries were downright bad. Not even close to living up to the hype and quite frankly, I'm surprised this place is so popular.By some miracle, National Geographic, via Huffington Post claimed yesterday, that this place had the #1 Burger in the Nation. So living practically within 5 miles of the place, for the last 10 years, and never realizing this "greatness" - I came, and it was completely overrated! I mean, the meat/ingredients are fresh, but I'd never come here when I'm craving a burger...I have not been here in years but steak burger was as tasty as I remembered.  Gotta love the tillamook cheese and their trademark relish.  You can almost taste the history.Let me start by saying this is definitely a cult-following type place.  It's very unique and very old-fashioned.  Some people may be in to that thing, but it's a little extreme for me.Aside from not being our style, all 3 of us were highly disappointed with the customer service.  The waiting for bar-stool things was a little weird, but AS we were sitting down, the waiter came over and asked what we wanted.  He didn't think to hand us a menu before getting our orders.  He was very short with us when my buddy asked if they had any sort of chicken item.  He cut each of us off when we were giving him our orders and immediately jumped to the next person (thereby not even listening to how many fries or what kind of drinks).  He had to come back to us twice to ask about those items.  He was very pushy and impatient (including to other customers, as I observed).  The burgers were nothing special, but my friend said the tuna was good.  I felt like I was eating a salad on a bun for the first few bites- there was a ridiculous amount of lettuce.  There was also a large hair in my friend's banana cream pie, and they only take cash.  The waiter even made a comment about us hurrying up for the next customers (when we were STILL EATING our food).  It's not our fault the building only has seating for 25 people... All in all, not a pleasant experience.It was overhyped, in my opinion.First of all, seating is all on one big wrap-around counter. There are not a lot of seats and I unfortunately went during prime dinner hour. It's a small place so there were literally 5 groups of people just standing against the wall right behind the seats waiting. The bright side is that everybody is civilized so whoever comes first will sit down first. The bad thing is that, literally, you are just hanging around like vultures waiting for a seat, keeping tabs on who looks like they're about to finish their food, and who is done but just leisurely enjoying their conversation while you starve behind them. And I can't imagine that's very comfortable for the people dining either.Another thing- it's not well ventilated so like others have said, it's very smokey inside. You'll probably smell like burgers when you leave.The workers were very tacit and brisk- I don't blame them. Since it's so crowded, they just want you to be in and out with your food. I got the hickory burger, and my bf got the steak burger. His was better than mine, figures. They were both tasty BUT 1) I'd much rather get an In-N-Out burger for that price and 2) their buns are nothing to rave about. They're the kind you would buy in bulk at Ralphs for a picnic BBQ. I decided, since I would probably only be here once, to try the $6 (!!) slice of apple pie. Regret. It is not sweet enough, and I prefer my roommate's homemade apple pie. Apparently, the banana cream pie is the one to get though. Too bad I'll probably never get to try it.Reminds me of the Camellia Grill but with much less charm.  Had the steakburger which ended up looking like a house salad between the buns.  Take it easy on the lettuce.  Also, if I'm going to fork over (no pun intended) more than $7 for a better-than-average burger, let me use some utensils and a plate.  Nobody likes to wash dishes but you are restaurant.  I asked for a coke and they serve it in a snow cone wrapper?!  Bottom line, if you easily buy into hype and don't mind overpaying for it, this place is for you.I've been meaning to try this place out for awhile, and I finally broke down and checked it out with my fiancee. Man, was I pleasantly suprised!!! We weren't too hungry, so we split a hickory burger and fries. The bottled and canned sodas are poured in snow cone cups on holders. The burger was tender and out of this world! As for the fries, I love fries that are nice and crisped like the ones here. They have the classic Heinz ketchup bottles. Our server was awesome! He knew exactly what e needed without us telling him and went above and beyond in serving us. After our meal, we decided to get a apple pie a la mode. The apple pie that put this place on the map. The pie is just so good like nothing I've ever had elsewhere. The crust was so flaky and good, not doughy. This place is A MUST TRY for any burger lover out there as well as pie lovers alike! Check it out! I'm definitely going back for more.I love this place!  It has so much character, not many places like this are still left, so I really appreciate it.  They even still use an old school cash register.  The bugers are excellent, one of my favorite burger joints. I usually get the hickory with Tillamook cheddar.  Yummy.  Their apple pie is also very yummy.  The only downside is parking can suck and if there are lot of people, waiting for a spot can take awhile.Best burger ever! The Hickory Burger is my favorite w/cheese an extra relish. I like to pick one up, drive to Malibu and eat the rest of my meal with a beer.Yes it's crowded and about $1.50 too expensive for a burger+fries+coke...but this is an institution and a beautiful one at that!  What an awesome space with great hands behind the counter.  Piping hot crispy fries and a burger in 3 minutes is unbeatable.   The meat is tops for a greasy burger joint  and the relish is definitely a unique (in a good way) taste.   Hot chocolate comes with real whip cream -- not a common occurrence.The patties are similar to in-n-out's, because they're both thin and wafer like. However, the hickory sauce they put on the burger is addicting. Easily the best burger on the westside.excellent fast food served around the lunch counter. it is a classic spot.first time to step into this place, and hearing all the rave reviews.not sure if i will step back into this place. i only wanted dessert so i came with with a friend for pie. tried the pecan pie, hoping it would taste home made but it had a taste like it was freeze dried. my friend ended up ordering the chocolate cream pie and french fries (gross combo) but i looked @ the fries, omg, can there be any more oil on there. thats disgusting. there goes my arteries. i am sure i will step into this place again, because i havent tried out the other items they have to offer. but we'll see.Yumm.. good old fashioned burgers! Delicious fries, and OK apple pie. Great for a late-night food run in LA! I don't really like the layout of the place though..but that's ok, this place has been around for a long time. Be sure to keep the Apple Pan on your to-go list when you're starving at 1AM =]I like The Apple Pan because it's such an awesome experience. The place is super old school, so don't plan on paying with credit card as  they only accept cash. It's small, but still spacious, the service is good and fast. There's an old man there that at first seems like an old hack, but he's actually a pretty funny guy, he actually offered to pay what I didn't have for my meal because I didn't know it was cash only. Their most famous meal would probably be the hickory hamburger, it's pretty average, but the pies are a MUST here. They also serve your beverages in these cute little paper cones which is quite interesting. Parking isn't too bad, they have a small lot in the back, I went on the weekend and it wasn't too crowded, got seated right away. Pretty neat place.I finally had a chance to check this place out today for lunch after reading about The Apple Pan in some magazine. I ordered the Hickory Hamburger and it did not disappoint. The beef patty was very fresh and perfectly cooked, not too rare and not too well done. Fresh green lettuce and pickles were also included.  The menu is very simple, mainly a couple hamburgers, pies, and fries. You basically sit at any open seat available which resembles a bar at a restaurant. I recommend this place for getting a fresh quality burger.I've eaten and cooked a lot of burgers in my time, and this is just another overrated restaurant on the west side.   This was the smallest $7.25 cheeseburger I've ever had.  My girlfriend and I were both still hungry after finishing ours.  The fries were excellent, but again I've been to plenty of cheaper burger joints with fries that are just as good.  Since we were still hungry we had to order a slice of pie.  Tack on about another $6  for a slice.  The pie was decent but nothing special.Everything is served on small disposable plates, which is somewhat irresponsible considering how much trash they probably generate.  The styrofoam cups for the drinks are way too small, the poor guy behind the counter had to refill mine 5 times.  I almost forgot!  They don't put tomato or onion on the burgers.  They do put way way way too much lettuce.  The lettuce was thicker than the bun and the patty, ridiculous!I'd much rather go to lots of other places for a better tasting and cheaper burger.Welp, this place is crammed, and has the feeling that they probably didn't bother to  renovate the place since the 1950s.  Burger patty similar to In&Out, which is a good thing, but it was more expensive.  Although ingredients were fresh, but not as fresh as In & Out.  Best part was the bottled root beer, poured in a chilled cup.I went to the Apple Pan yesterday and it was closed. Needless to say I did not enjoy my experience there :(I have been going to the apple pan since i was a baby in diapers. This is Vintage LA at it's best. The hickory burger is by far the best burger ever! This place is heaven on a stick. Don't forget a baked Dailey homemade pie for desert!Apple Pan is not my favorite burger joint but for some reason I find myself wanting a hickory burger once in awhile.The Apple Pan is a staple in the LA area and has been around a long time. Once you eat there you will understand why. It is located on the busy streets of Century City on Pico Blvd, just minutes from FOX Studios. If you're not looking for it, you may miss it, as LA has grown up around it. Street parking can be a pain, but I promise you, it is all worth it. The place is pleasantly old school. Apple pan is counter service only and it is not that big. There are no tables and no waiting area. I suggest you come in on an off time, because even though the food is prepared quickly, you may be standing around waiting for a stool for a while.  They have a vintage cash register that they have not upgraded, and do not take credit. This is a cash only kind of place. Burgers, fries and pie are on their simple menu. I went with a hickory burger and a side of fries. It was to die for!! Whatever that hickory sauce is, makes all the delicious difference. Sitting at the counter made for great service. Ketchup, water and napkins always present. (He even went as far as to wave a napkin in my face when he saw my hickory sauce soaked hands!) I was in and out of there in under an hour. Everyone MUST go and try this place!Came to Apple Pan with a group of four and there were no seats available. People where sitting by themselves with an empty seat on each side of them between groups. Waited for 20 minuets then we decided to leave and come back. When it comes to food i thought the menu would have more. Ordered the steak burger and it came out half RAW. Some people may prefer their steak like that but I'm a well done/medium steak girl. Told the waiter and he gave me another burger but they cut it in half to make sure. On another note the burgers were delicious and enjoyed the old school look.Went in late night for a piece of apple pie, shortly before they closed.  They were out of apple pie.  While that was disappointing, the chocolate pie I had instead was just as delicious.  Love the service here, very quick.Cute joint, good food, yummy pieOK.  I get it.  This place has been around for decades, it hasn't changed at all over the years, they serve sodas in those cute little paper cones placed inside a little metal holder, blah-blah-blah.  I've been driving by for years, I constantly see it on different "best-burgers-in-the-country" lists, I've even seen it showcased on a few TV shows as a Los Angeles landmark.  I was driving on Pico, I was hungry, it was past the lunch hour rush, and I was passing by.  The stars seemed to have lined up.  So I went in and bellied up to the bar to see what all this hoopla is about.   Puh-lease!!!  Its an over priced Carl's Jr. Famous Star!  Uncomfortable seats, not so friendly service, frozen fries (my readers know how I feel about that!) and a very plain, boring, run-of-the-mill burger.  Granted the ingredients are fresh, but not a big deal at all.  In-N-Out: better, Fat Burger: better, The Habit: better, Five Guys: better.  A (single, with extra cheese) burger, fries, and a coke, with tax and tip cost me over $15.  I'd rather pay $20+ at Umami, Fathers Office, or The Counter.  Oh, and by the way, for you first timers, they don't take credit/debit cards.  Cash only.  I get keeping the feel and menu the same as the old days, but its 2013!  Get a credit card terminal in there already.  Oh, and no tables.  Bar seating only.  So if you want to take your family of 4 or 5........good luck.I don't get it.  The burgers are overpriced and lacking in taste.  The pie is good though.We went into the Apple having already known a few things...1...the place is always busy...and 2..the burgers were supposedly great. After taking a seat I was impressed with the nostalgic environment offered but the menu soon changed my opinion of the Apple Pan even before I received my food. To give you an idea....burgers are 6.50 before the .50 slice of cheddar. Fries were about 3.00 for a small plate...maybe enough for 2 if you're not too hungry and the whammy...a slice of Apple Pie is 6.00.... We decided to share a soda....unfortunately a can which means no free refills and also split a single order of fries. I got the hickory and she got the steak burger. The hickory sauce is actually pretty good and so were the two burgers in general. It reminded me of in and out except with a larger patty and much more lettuce. If you don't mind spending 20+ for a fast food meal then this is the place for you. If I offered you a fast food meal that cost over 20 for 2 people that also came with an average 10 minute wait for a table would you go? Oh...cash only as well. Pros: Decent burger, near mall, ambianceCons: HIGH PRICES, parkingIf you want a good simple traditional diner type of burger, this is the place to be.  Everytime I go to the apple pan I get the hickory burger.  The hickory smoked quality beef patty makes a big difference.  This is one of the reasons why simple is always best when it comes to food.  Another special aspect bout their burgers is there thick fresh lettuce.  It makes teh burger taste very fresh crisp and not too heavey.  Very old school diner restaurant that accepts cash only.  Their pies are great also, homeade crust and fresh.  I only had the boysenberry, apple and bannana pie and they will not dissapoint.  3.7 StarsHickory burgers that I'd die for....It is exactly like In-N-Out Burger.....  The only difference is this place cost 4 times that of In-N-Out.  Ridiculously overpriced.Service sucks, disgruntle employee, and gosh, did I say it is exactly like In-N-Out.Steakbuger = meat patty, lettuce, pickles and mayo.  (Where is the steak?).  Not asking for a sirloin, but ground beef.....a bit misleading.Pretty good burgers, good fries, good pie, but pretty expensive for what it is. I ordered an Orange Crush, and he brought me a Sunkist; I figure if you're gonna put Orange Crush on the menu, it should be Orange Crush. Anyway, I got the  Steakburger, but it was nothing special in my opinion; the meat wasn't very flavorful, they put way too much lettuce, and the sweet relish was a little strange. I finished with a slice of apple pie ala mode, which ran me a whopping $7.50, but it was good; very warm and gooey pie, very cold (but not hard) ice cream.The customer service here is pretty good but it may seem a bit on the slow side. The burgers are small but average with a lot of lettuce (I like vegetable so I don't mind it). The fries look so yummy! I didn't get it since it was a late dinner and we were ordering desserts! I wasn't too fond of the apple pie. The crust was too hard and the apple is too soft. The banana creme pie was pretty good, but I can taste the egg in the crust. Overall I think it's a pretty decent place.everyone comments on how not to expect service here, but i disagree.  there is "silent" service.  it's not the place where they come to you and ask, "how is everything?" or "can i get you something else?"  however, when he puts out a plate and pours ketchup for us and REfills it when we're done using it, when he clears the dirty napkins from the mess we've made and hands us some more, when he refills my water without saying anything, etc., that IS service.  they're just efficient and fast workers trying to get everyone their food and cut the line down.burgers are yum (but a little too much lettuce for me).  i love the counter set up where you can see everyone and watch what's going on.  i'm always fascinated to see how they interact with their regulars, take care of a number of guests, and watch them speed by.After all the reviews I had to try this joint out.  I must say.... all the reviews are accurate!  This is probably the best burger I've ever had.  So juicy and oh so good.  Unfortunately, thats about it for this place.  The fries were like out of a the freezer.  No refills on drinks.  The woman got a tuna sandwich which was not good.  Haha... that'll teach her to order a tuna sandwich at a burger joint.  So props for the burger.... but don't get anything else here.This place is overrated. It's all counter service and when you walk in everyone who is waiting for a seat is lined up against the wall staring at everyone eating. Once you sit down be ready to order cause your waiter will pounce on you and the vibe is - get on with it already and get out. The food itself is okay. Burger, fries and pies are fine. But honestly nothing great. I can't imagine myself actually craving anything I ate here. There are some old school touches, like drinks served in paper cones that are kind of cute. But the prices are not nostalgic. $30 for two people who shared fries and pie seems kind of crazy to me (we had burgers and drinks as well). And it's cash only. I won't be back unless someone drags me.Very good place for burgers. Old fashion atmosphere. Service is more than welcoming. I had the Steakburger which was good but I think the Hickory burger is better. Soda is served in cone cups. I would definitely come back since the service is quick and the food is great.Awesome place, loved the history and style. Great casual place to grab a quick tasty burger and fries. Service is a man of few words but it makes it memorable and charming.  Cool old register.  Would love to try the pie!Loved this place from the second i walked in.  Very original 1950's feel.  Only seating available is around the bar on spinning red stools!  The waiters have been working there FOREVER.  They are on top of anythign you need.  I had the classic steak burger.  Tasted exactly how you thought it may back in the day.  Juicy.  Sorta greasy.  AWESOME.  Not sure about the special sauce though, but it really didn't deter the experience for me.  Skipped the banana ceram pie as I was feeling guilty about my burger, but having seen it, it will not be long before I am back to conquer it!Love the classic feel to this place.  Great burger.  They serve you your drink in paper cones and use a really really really old register.  it can be a bit tricky though when it's crowded because there are no hostesses and no lines really ... you just kind of have to know who got there first and be polite about sitting down when it's your turn.  The burger is good, but I give this place 4 stars purely for the classic authentic feel of it.I just love how I can walk here from my house. Finally took another transplant here. I am staying with the Hickory Burger from now on. He actually loved the Steakburger. Mmm cream soda and banana cream pie to go. Two burgers, one fry, two sodas, and pie slice came out to $27. Wait was 5 minutes on Sunday after 7PM. Don't forget cash. I now refer to this as MY Apple Pan.No, seriously, I don't understand the allure of this place. You need to stand in line and watch people eat in a minuscule dining area before getting your lackluster burger? The one plus about this place is that there is no hidden kitchen. Everyone can see every chef, so you know there are no floor burgers, brainless teenagers touching your food, or anything like that.3.5 rounded down to 3 because hole in the wall is better and i'm planning on giving them (spoiler alert) a 4....okay, so i came into this place on a friday during lunch hour, needing to be in and out in half an hour...x.x i know, i'm a moron...hahaANYWAYS, i didn't do enough research on yelp because the first ten seconds into the store was just me GAPING at the factory production within. it's almost like a dinner and a show. the small old man behind the counter who served us has been there for over a decade! faster than the speed of light now only a slight hyperbole...lolanyways, i would have given this place 3 stars for the burgers (hickory and steak) BUT the fries are ZOMG good. normally, i like my fries thin cuz i like them crispy so thin's normally the way to go but these fries are more like steak fries and FRIED TO PERFECTION. it's like the perfect combination of crispy and airy. i can't get over it. i would go back just for the fries...yummmso as for the burgers, i felt like the only difference between the two were the sauces (or lack thereof) so i'm just going to pretend they're the same, i think there's enough reviews here for most to figure it out...compared to hole in the wall (review forthcoming) this place just doesn't match up. the burger is tiny! i'm tiny and i scarfed that down in like 15 minutes (slow eater, i'm sorry!). plus, yes the ingredients were fresh but it tasted a little like in and out. to give credit where credit is due, the bun was crispy and buttered too, which gave it that extra boost of yum (god i'm a dork...)  bottom line: come here for an experience and the fries and a pretty decent burger. don't come expecting value or a super satisfying burger. peace outAwesome old fashioned hamburger place. The menu is simple and the prices are great. The place has character, from the cups that they serve your soda in to the diner feel you get when eating around the kitchen. LOVE THIS PLACE. Great value and experience overall. Its no surprise why this has been noted as the best burger in town by many.as food was brought to work one cloudy morning, i was able to sample the apple pie and banana cream pie.the apple pie was delicious, and the extra sauce i thought was quite unnecessary. the banana cream pie was very rich and creamy, especially the custard which essentially makes the pie what it is. it also has real bananas, unlike marie calendars.cost to me= $5 + 500+ calories-happy tongueThe perfect burger,fries and the best banana cream pie in this worldTwo hickory burgers, one fries, one coke, and a banana cream pie came out to be $30 with tip and tax. I thought the hickory burger was very good. However, the restaurant should really update its website and menu because the burger is $6.75, not $5. Coke came in a can and was $2.25.Service was mediocre. The man who served us seemed like he had a chip on his shoulder and whisked away our order before we even had a chance to tell him we wanted to order additional items. Overall, I thought this place was kind of overpriced even though the food was good.The original counter diner in my book, and well worth the wait for a seat. The food is made by the same guys who made it in the 50's, as most of the guys in the back are definitely many years older than myself, and look like they know their craft like the back of their hand. Just be sure to play by the rules, wait your turn, and be polite. This isn't the place to come pushing in a hurry because you're late for a boob job.3.5*probably the most unorganized line is los angeles.  i ordered the hickory burger with fries.  the burger was good, nothing to wow about but i definitely enjoyed it.  fries were standard issues.  the prices here are ridiculous though.  ingredients in the burger were as fresh as can be.I was in the area on a Tuesday night , so it decided to stop in for the 1st time in 20 some years.Not really that hungry , I went for the Apple pie  w/ ice cream . Good Hot  piece, maybe too hot since the ice cream melted very fast . A little pricey .with tip almost $10 . I don't get the hype. It was just ok.I absolutely need to go  back!!!! The one burger i had left me with an ultimate mind-gasism!!!!!! seriously good burger. flavors that speak for themselves. going back and i aight sharing my burger this time!!!!! the atmosphere well lets just say i havent been inside yet!!!! but i am hoping to dine here and have a better look inside. but it seens pretty old fashion from outside. I cant wait to have another taste!!! this burger just put a smile in my face!!!! mmmmgoooooodddd!!!!!! See you later APPLE PAN!!!!!Seriously, what is so great about the burger at this place? It can't even hold a candle to an In-N-Out burger or a burger from Umami. Their fries are OK and the service is so-so. Plus, this place is pricey for what it is. It cost me 30 bucks for two people. The only reason this spot gets two stars is because of their pecan pie, which is by far the best pecan pie I have ever had. So if you are craving pecan pie, go here. If you want a good burger, head to In-N-Out or Umami, do not waste your time here.Just as good as when I was a kid! Hickory Burger: delicious. Fries: crisp & fresh. Apple pie: can't be beat. Great cup of coffee, with a thick layer of butterfat on the cream. A West L.A. Institution. Not cheap by any means, but a don't-miss stop. And remember: Cash only!I kinda like their greeting-less service, feels cool n relax. Food is good quality, recommend tuna sandwich.After living in Los Angeles for 30 years I finally ate here today.  The burger was a good old classic, hand made patty $7.  The fries were disappointing because they are frozen fries from a bag and $2.60.  I also had a slice of the cherry pie, which was the recommendation of the waiter.  for $6 I had a slice in which I literary counted only three cherries, the rest was a filler gooey mess on top of some custard that didn't taste very good.  The crust was decent and the whipped topping was ok, but there was way too much of it.  If you are going to charge $6 for a slice of pie you better give your customers more fruit.  I would not go back.  I can get the same quality burger at in-n-out with better fries and at a much better price.BEST BURGER! Steak or hickory they are both beautiful. Every time my boyfriend go (which is three times a week) I get the steak and he gets the hickory and spilt the two burgers. Along with some fries and coke we finish the meal with some coffee and pie which is usually banana cream because it is amazing. If you like real cream and real banana in your pie then this is the pie for you. Truly one of my favorite meals, I probably go to often. I've been a Apple Pan addict for almost a year now!!Look, there's not a lot of complexity to The Apple Pan. You walk in the door, usually wait a few minutes for a spot at the counter, then sit down and eat. But this is a beautiful thing. What you're getting when you go inside is a handful of tasty handmade burger options served simply and with tremendous efficiency. Don't let that sound like faint praise, however, because this place is fantastic. Everything is wonderfully tasty, served in an atmosphere of 1940s/50s nostalgia. Get the hickory burger and a piece of pie--you won't be disappointed.THE spot for LA's best burger + pie combo. You can't get much simpler than this place, which only has counter seating and about 5 things on the menu. Its a classic burger joint. I like to imagine that Richie Cunningham and the Fonze would have eaten here if they lived in Cali..and if they were real people. This place should win the Nobel Prize for banana cream pie. Its spectacular. I've also heard a rumor that this was the location of James Dean's last meal. Can anyone confirm that?It deserves five stars for being an LA institution, a vestige of What Was, a rather charming little place and certainly for the sentimentality it engenders in a lot of people who grew up here. The overall quality of the burgers is reasonably good, probably three stars, but at seven bucks a burger The Apple Pan just isn't that stellar. If you're passing through town, it's worth a stop; it has a charm and the experience (even the crowded part) can be fun. If you're a local, dropping by once a year or so for the sentimental reasons is probably enough. One thing you'll probably come away with is how surprisingly well a hamburger and cup of generic coffee can complement each other.This place makes a MEAN burger.  I went around lunch time on a Saturday and there were about 20 people standing around the perimeter waiting for a seat around the counter (no booths or tables here, just stools around the counter).  Luckily you can make an order to go.First of all, I am surprised on how they got an "A" health inspection rating.  There is a freezer in the front, right behind diner's table.  If you're observant, you will find the person serving the food, also handles the money, and also is the one who grabs the raw meat patties from the freezer who then turns around and put the meat patty onto the grill behind him (in the center cooking area).  You will also notice that he doesn't wash his hands, mostly because the sink is actually way behind the restaurant.My friend who took me there told me that the place is famous for their burgers.  I got the Hickoryburger.  There was nothing special about it.  They say the burger comes with a special sauce.  After having my 1st bite, I felt this is a burger I can make using frozen patties from Costco.   In n Out and their special sauce is way better and cheaper than Apple Pan's burger (which cost $7.45 with tax). I did not order the fries either, they looked factory made, I rather get Ore Ida fries from the supermarket. I will never go back to Apple Pan, not worth the price and nothing special.  I rather go to Pink's for the Hot Dogs.The Apple Pan. Fantastic. The burger isn't huge, which is nice. People seem to think that if they give you a gigantic slab of beef, you'll consider it good. Total Crap. Everything about this place screams classic.OH MY FREAKING GOD!!! The best banana cream pie i have ever had in my 28 years of living. and i really mean that!!! it is the best thing on earth. perfectly made and chilled just right. Besides that the salivating hickory burger with dripping sauce as you bite into it and nice crispy fries. OK, now lets talk about sitting and parking hard to get because this place is always packed so be prepared to wait but its well worth it.Long wait. Good burgers.  Pricey for what you're getting.  I must say I was very impressed w/ the  honor system seating that everyone abided by.  I  fully expected a brawl to break out, but it never happened (at least when I was there).  I didn't know Angelenos could be so civil.  If we could only have the same kind of courtesy when we're on the road...I love the feel of this diner, complete with the crotchety but friendly oldsters that serve you. Friendly and fast service, great hickory burger, and yummy pies. We had one slice of each. I personally liked the banana cream pie the best, over the apple pie and pecan pie, but then I have a weakness for cream pies. :)If you're not in the mood for a greasy burger (the best kind), try the egg salad sandwich or the baked ham on rye. Both are piled high and actually come on a plate! Good stuff...Here is why I give the Apple Pan 5 stars..for what it is, it is the best. Pure and simple. In my mind you simply can't go wrong here. The quintessential place for a simple burger and fries. I haven't set foot in this place in well over twenty years..the last time I was here I was on a date and we were in a hurry to get back home to watch 90210..(yes I was YOUNG!!) My friend wanted a good burger at it was 5 minutes to 11. we were right around the corner and popped right in..there were only about 10 people in line so there was no wait. This place is no frills and with only a few items on the menu you have to know what you want quick..the guys behind the counter are all business..either tell them what you want or wait your turn until he comes around again. The Hickory burger is still amazing and the fries are the best. I am big on not getting lettuce on my burgers because i often becomes witled and warm however here the lettuce remains crisp and cool..me likley!! The fries are perfect and one order is plenty to share between 2 people. I like that they hand you your burger wrapped in paper and there is no frills. They make a statement..eat your food and be on your way. he style and feel of the place will surely take you back to another time. If you are looking for a fifties style place but want to hang around for a while perhaps you should consider a trip to "Johnny Rockets" but let me tell you, you would miss the whole point of this LA landmark!!Had to visit this place despite their reputation as a tourist trap after reading about their banana cream pie in New York Times Magazine years ago. It was as good as I imagined and was highlight of the meal. I also ordered hickory burger with cheese and fries (to be shared) and they were fine but not memorable. We didn't have to wait for seats, but the service left much to be desired as it was extremely hard to get the server's attention. Not that we needed much attention, but he had given one of us wrong beverage and another didn't receive his ice tea at all. I don't see myself coming here often (or again at all) but it was a good experience, no regrets.I was reading a lot about this place and was hearing it was one of the best burgers in town.  I asked a friend if he wanted to go and he said he'd already been and he didn't like it that much.  Being a good friend he always is he still accompanied me as to satisfy my curiosity.  Unfortunately this trip didn't change his opinion and I agreed with him.  The burger did have some type of old fashion authenticity to it, but unfortunately that was not enough to make it a winner in my book.  Between the crowded place, the over pricing, and just a general pain in the neck about it, I was very disappointed in this place.This place is great! Great Old School Burger and Apple Pie Ala Mode! know before you go....this is a tiny place and it's best to go before the dinner or lunch rush. There is no wait list, you just have to wait for a barstool to open up and step in if nobody is before you. The older gentleman that runs this place is like the Captain of the Wheel House. He's a good guy and works hard...just don't be rude and don't try to pay with a $100 bill or you'll get more than a stink-eye. The prices are a bit steep so it pays to order carefully as per item prices are higher than most places, otherwise you may be leaving with a $35 bill for two. All the food is great the burgers and fries are hand crafted and made the same way they've been made for 70 years. That deserves respect. I love the Steak Burger with cheese, the Hickory Burger is too smokey for my taste. Their Fries are great fat steak style and one order should be enough for two. Their apple pie and vanilla ice cream is also not to be missed. Happy to see a neighborhood business and LA icon successful for so many years.This place is a little icon in hidden in the middle of LA.  I love it.  Its not changed in a lot since build in 47.  Its got that cool diner feel and standing up against the wall waiting for a seat is part of the experiance.  Gotta love when you have 3 people in your party and two seats open up.  The place even makes you take a look at your friendships! Its a great place if you are in the area, and worth checking out.  Its kind of an LA must  (at least once)  CASH ONLYHands down one of the best burgers in LA. There are burger joints everywhere now a days with their fancy ketchup substitute and wood bar with micro-brew ambiance, but you can't really mess with a good thing. Around since god-knows-when, Apple Pan consistently pushes at quality no-frills burgers. Order the hickory burger, you won't be disappointed. Leave your nice clothes at home, this ain't no club and bar. Remember to bring cash and order fast, they want to turn the oldest counter around quickly. Don't worry, they aren't being rude, everyone gets the same treatment.Hickory burger with TILAMOOK cheese, so good. Out of the 4 times I've gone, 3 of them have been amazing, the last time they forgot the cheese and returned the same burger, completely soggy. You salivate when you think about the first bite here. Yummmm. I agreet with gary W. EFF all the haters!Went for late lunch today with my crew of five and right off the bat, not the right thing to do since they only have about 20 seats at the counter (only seating). So you have to stand around until a group leaves, could be one or two or three people. Can you see my dilemma, so I just decided to get it to go. I had The Hickory Burger with everything, it was good, not incredible, not great, just good. The fries where good too, and powered it down with a Diet Coke! I'll have to go back for the Steak Burger to give it a full review, but for now I would say that I would go back for the steak burger and to sit at the counter to get the full experience. So remember if your thinking about going with a group, Don't! Oh, and I'll go back to try the deserts....Great experience, wonderful food, polite service in the beginning, great open kitchen seating, tasty sensations. but the Server tipped Himself WTF, bill was 18.50 and he took our 20 an didnt bring back change. Haha I'll still go back but they deserve a bad review for that.I don't know how good their burgers are because I haven't tried them here yet. However, I stopped by here to grab a quick snack of their popular apple pie a la mode one day and it was really disappointing. The apple pie slices are broken up when served and was extremely watery/sogging. It didn't even look appetizing. The scoop of vanilla ice cream they served came out of a big tub of old fashion vanilla ice cream. I wouldn't order their apple pie here again.Overpriced, small portions, unfriendly service, long waits, impossible parking- go to In 'N Out instead.The Apple Pan...more like The Apple Party...in your mouth! Hands down the Hickory burger is Fucking delicious. I'm not a big cusser either, but this burger defies the regular burger standard, and thus my description shall defy any moral standards I have. Anywayy, it's cash only, and the seating is limited (bar-style), but it's a small price compared to the heaven you will taste in your mouth. Not only is the flavor filled with authentic tasting bbq sauce and fresh ingredients...but the patty, OH THE PATTY! It's texture is the new black, I mean it's chewy and scrumptious and oh so deliumpcious! TRUST, go there and get the hickory burger, some fries, AND BUTTERMILK! (only the kook farmer kids get how good buttermilk is), oh and their apple pie is mighty fine too =]Best burger I've had since moving to LA.  There's something in the yummy sauce (apple) that really makes the greasy cheesey burger taste amazing.  Add to that the soup-nazi-like waiters and the counter seating and I was sold.  Do yourself a favor and order the hickory cheese burger.  Also, don't ask for ranch . . . they will sneer and look at you with adorable derision.  Finally, make sure you try the banana cream pie because it's the BEST I have ever had.  Yum.This is still on my top ten list of best burgers in L.A. I usually get the Hickory but it doesn't come close to the Steakburger. This burger is so good, I almost ate the paper wrapper it arrived in. The Steakburger I ordered was just a classic piece of fine American dining served in paper.I've been coming to this place ever since I arrived in LA almost 20 years ago. Way before Father's Office, The Counter or Umami were born. And even with the rise of the these burger establishments in recent years, Apple Pan is still in the top echelon of burger eateries.Granted, the decor isn't anything at all to write home about, and it's counter service, which some people here at Yelp bitch about. Or they bitch about having to wait for a seat. So you're not gonna come here for a first date on a Saturday night. And it's not a place you're gonna hang out for a while at, after you eat. You come, you eat, you leave.But the burgers? They melt in your mouth with exquisite taste. The beef is excellent -- you can tell you're eating a higher quality of beef than most restaurants serve in LA.The french fries are frickin' great too. I always ask and get mine well-done. If you order fries, they shouldn't come well-done unless you asked. And if they do, send 'em back, get 'em how you want 'em.Tip: If you want to avoid the rush and waiting for a seat, come in between the peak hours of lunch & dinner, or after the peak of dinner. This is how I get my Apple Pan fix and almost never have to wait for a seat. I only wish there was more than one location, since it's clear on the other side of town from me.Slight edge over "the Counter" in Santa Monica, CA due to the great tasting apple pies, duhhh it is the Apple Pan.   Service is true 1960s style, no frills, order, eat, get the heck out.   Interesting and random thought, the seating arrangement here is like a "counter", while "the Counter" is not.   Great burgers + tillamook cheese = heaven.  Best Coast rocks, but In N Out still #1.Good eats here!!1st of all, liked the U shaped counter top seating, its all they got here. Made me feel like a kid back in the 1950s....although I'm only 24...but still.Loved the Hickoryburger: smoked flavor on the beef with homemade (?) BBQ sauce was yummy. And they put a handful of awesome fresh crisp lettuce! Love it.They serve your soda in old fashioned metal cup holders that hold a paper cone cup. Cool!The fries are piping hot, crisp, & tasty. The server even pours your ketchup for you if you desire some with your fries. Nice service!! w/ a smile.Slice of banana cream pie overloaded with real banana slices and awesome cream and filling....woohoo!!Well, being in LA, it's kinda pricey but don't worry if you're not from here - treat yourself!let's go to fo !car. drive. no parking.packed. wanna try apple pan ?f a i l .nothing special about the burgers. i liked the smokiness of the hickory burger, but the whole time i was eating it, i was thinking i could have gone to in-n-out for a smaller, but tastier burger, that is waaaay cheaper. jonathan gold must have tried this thing like 50 years ago when people weren't aware of all the great food that is out there because i seriously can't think of any reason why anyone would think the hickory burger is even worth mentioning. i could have made a better version of this at home. for less money. and with better plates. oh wait, just a plate since they just hand you the effing burger.their special sauce is gross and not so special unless your idea of a good time is a half cup of their relish + ketchup concraption poured into your equally crappy burger. and i'm not a big eater by any means but a teacup plate sized portion of bland, overcooked fries is just retarded.didn't bother trying any pie. just wanted to eat + get the hell out of there. i like that it's old school + it's definitely one of those LA places you have to try at least once, but that's about it. probably going to have to go there one more time when my brother wants to go. ugh.Apple pan was apparently featured on the food network featured as one of LAs best burgers, ummmmm really? Well it is good but in no way in the top three in LA. The fries were just okay, they don't add salt to them so they're kinda plain. We also tried the tuna sandwich which was just okay....they added relish which was a nice little kick. We left saying glad we tried it, it wasn't bad, but wouldn't go back or recommend it.  The guys at the counter were very friendly and attentive and the price point isn't too high.Today I stopped by the Apple Pan on the way home. I had the Hickoryburger. Served with mayonnaise, the Apple Pan's own hickory sauce, pickles, lettuce. With melted natural Tillamook cheese and the Combination. Baked ham and natural swiss cheese served with mayonnaise and lettuce on rye bread.The usual stuff was all good, but the killer was the banana cream pie. Heaven. Get there early. The wait can get hairy.What do I think about the Apple Pan? It's fine, nothing special. I honestly just can't understand when people believe that it's one of the best burgers in LA.1. Parking sucks2. Prepare yourself for a wait. There's really only about 25 seats in the restaurant, bar style. Don't expect to sit at a table because all the seating is a horseshoe around the kitchen at the center. Since it's in an old school house, there's not a lot more than this main room. If you're waiting for a table then you awkwardly stand behind the group whose seats you want to take.3. The burger is too expensive for it's size. I'm absolutely in love with Umami but I recognize that it's not the biggest one, however, Apple Pan's are even smaller with a very thin patty.4. I think the buns are disgusting. They are pretty much CostCo buns that you'd buy for a Fourth of July BBQ. While that works just fine for your backyard, I better not see that on a "Best Burger in LA"5. Most importantly: the Burgers are just okay. Easily forgettable.6. Don't order the fries, they aren't very good.7. I will admit the pies are good, they're just very expensive. Fortunately, unlike the small burgers, you get a pretty big slice of pie for your nearly $9 (a la mode). Share it and enjoy the only great part of the meal.8. CASH ONLYIf you like the Apple Pan, it's because you let the nostalgia of the old school "diner in a shitty house" blind your taste buds. You can like it all you want but stop calling it one of the Best Burgers in LA or you'll just continue to disappoint.Overrated. And I hate deciding which line to wait inHickory burger is nice. They put lots of FRESH lettuce in the burger, which makes their burger so unique. Vintage look is very nice too.I think I'm committing LA sacrilege here but I don't get the hype.  Sure, I get that it's been around for a long time and therefore has the associated charm of being an old school neighborhood joint feel, but the burgers just aren't that great or noteworthy.  The paddy is juicy but it really tastes no better than a backyard burger you can make yourself.  And sorry but the hickory BBQ sauce just ain't that good.  It has no kick to speak of, and the bright red color is a tad off-putting to me.So my wife and I picked up our car at Sterling BMW in Newport Beach and we were grabbing dinner. The salesmen there got in an argument about where we should go that had the best burger when one of the guys brought up The Apple Pan. He looked it up and realized it was all the way in LA, but told us if we ever had the chance to check it out! Only a couple days later my wife and I went with my family to the Tim Burton exhibit in LA and so we went here for dinner!The place is a tiny house converted into a restaurant on a corner in LA. As soon as you walk in the smell is delicious! The restaurant is pretty much a grill with a bar around it where you sit, so this isn't a place you want to come with a big group, because it was full and space is limited, so when a space opens up, you take it, meaning you're probably going to be split up. So two spaces opened up and my wife and I took them. We had looked at the menu while waiting so we ordered. I love Cream Soda so I ordered one and it came in a cool sno-cone cup and holder. Our burgers came and they were very good! When I bit into the burger it was almost like it crumbled apart, and it tasted a bit like barbecue sauce. The french fries were average french fries, nothing special. We were also told the apple pie was good so we tried a slice. Really it was nothing that great. The crust was hard and the filling was just like apple mush. Oh well. This was a great burger place for a quick bite to eat. It would be nice to see the burgers a bit more customizable, but I can see how that could take  more time and wouldn't help them. Also the pie kept it from a 5 star, but overall a good place!I only come here for their Apple Pie (served with vanilla ice cream). Yummy! You might have to wait awhile for seating so come with a few people.I've tried the steak burger and I don't remember it being all that great. I managed to grab a seat both times I was here but not without a struggle. Service was fast and they do hand you a napkin to wipe yo face. I'm a heavy napkin user by the way so they only did it once. Tastewise, I remember the burger being kind of bland and had to add loads of ketchup to it. I'd definitely have in-n-out for a cheaper price/tastier burger.Hickory burger and fries were amazing. The bread is nicely toasted (grilled) which adds so much to the burger. I like a lot of toppings on my burger, but this doesn't need them, They are that good!! Although I'm not a fan of BBQ sauce (the hickory burger sauce has a sweetness to it), It was still delish. next time, I'll try the steak burger. Service was great (my ice tea was bottomless!) and I even took a piece of pie (banana cream) to go. Can't wait to go back!It was okay. Way too overhyped! Its definitely good, but not worth the price. You are basically paying for the old school ambiance. I tried the hickory burger and it was pretty small, similar to an in-n-out.The hickory burger was delicious! And the cream soda was a perfect touch! Really small joint but fast service! Grouchy old men but great to get a good burgerthe apple pan is like going to your grandma's house, if she knew how to make awesome hamburgers. get the steakburger don't mess around with the funny stuff.Yummy nostalgia... from an era I'm too young to actually remember. But I like the no frills approach to dinning here, the way that slap the paper wrapped burger on the counter, the crispy fries, and the soda in the paper cone. Fun times and a pretty delicious burger at a more than fair price. Oh, should note it's cash only, but there is Chase ATM right across the street.Wow, this place has the BEST burgers in whole CALI! It is obviously fresh and good quality. My favorite is the hictory burger. Each time it makes you want to the second one. And they are much better than in-n-out. Definitely try out this place!This place might be slightly overrated. I had the hickory burger, which was definitely tasty, but doesn't quite match the hype that it gets. Plus, if I want a burger I'd probably just go somewhere that serves a good classic basic burger, as the hickory burger has a very strong, specific flavor. However, I really enjoy the old- timey ambiance and the apple pie a la mode is pretty amazing.Only 4 reviews so far? Is it because it's like reviewing the Empire State Building? Or because anyone who'd be even remotely interested in eating here, already has?The Apple Pan is a cute little cottage on the outside, but the inside is more like the Nick Tahou's of the west coast. It's like the gloomiest place on the planet... refreshingly gloomy. I'm certainly not complaining. Diners sit around a U-shaped bar, hunched over their burgers and fries. Inside the U, men in white paper hats, who look like their names would be Homer or Elmer, work the grease. If one of them happens to notice you've sat down, he might approach you with an order pad and say, "Talk to me." You can order a burger, another kind of burger, a grilled cheese, an egg salad or a tuna salad (yikes), fries, and a soda. And pie. I can't vouch for the burgers as I don't eat meat, but my friend said they were quite good. When we declined to finish up our meal with a slice of pie (please, I'd eaten a vat of french fries), our server's face crumpled. "No pie?" he asked, like a child might ask, "No Santa Claus?" Then he gave this look like "I know you two have enjoyed a slice or two of pie in your time." I felt sort of bad.Now an interesting thing happens with the clientele here. It seems that the "local characters" sit on the right side of the room, and everyone else sits on the left. So you have the people who need to take a load off their feet and read their paper and eat some good, cheap food on one side; and the college students, tourists, families, and business people on the other side."I like Apple Pan .. it's sort of a kitschy thing to experience ... good burgers ... but I'm not sure it's worth the standing and hovering over another patron to get their seat ... I'd rather go to In-n-Out ...I'm also not sure why everyone's so crazy about the banana cream pie - I've tried it twice and it's just ok...Some claim that this is one of the best burgers in LA so I had to try it. I've lived in LA my whole life and I love burgers. The burger was ok at best.I tried both the regular and hickory burger. Neither was anything to write home about. I expected a lot more from a $7 burger. It wasnt especially big, no fries, nothing except attitude for $7. This is a tourist trap at best.I'll stick to Fat Burger or In-n-Out any day over one of these burgers. Both are head and shoulders above this place.At best you are paying for nostalgia maybe. I don't know. It didn't do anything for me. Its not worth your time (long line.. think Disneyland).Great burger and amazing fries!!!a random place with difficult parking sometimes. kind of pricey and during busy hours you might have to wait awhile for a seat.best burger on the menu is probably the hickory burger. get it with only cheese and ketchup cause thats how i do and the best way to have it. After your done get a apple or banana pie because its amazingly deliciously and known for it.Service is quick and easy and the guys there pour your ketchup constantly for some reason :). Good experience and its a place you must try at least once.I like the hickory barbeque burger.  The line was long, price is ok, and their pies are not that bad either.I love this place so much! First of all, I love that this place hasn't changed since first opening in 1947. It makes me so happy that it hasn't been knocked down to make room for some awful corporate development. The hickory burger is so tasty, especially with tillamook cheddar melted on top. The meat is so juicy and uniquely flavorful. The red sauce is a nice change to ketchup since it is the same kind of thing but a little tangier. This place is always the same. The men have worked there since it first opened and they don't have a lot of patience. Seating is limited and is first come first serve. Sometimes you have to stare people down to make sure they realize you were there first so they shouldn't even think about taking your seats. Ahhh but the hickory burger makes it all so worth it.I never heard of this place surprisingly. It's a small little diner across the street from the west side pavillion. I recommend this place if your in the mood for a greasy burger (Don't wear your fancy clothes here unless you want them to smell like grease). Both the steak and hickory burger are great if you need to cure that hangover or cravings for something greasy. The pies are nothing special either but they seem famous for those. So if you have time, try to stop by at least once.Just another rave review here. There is no parking, but the burgers still make it five stars from me. And, the seating is just stools at a counter, very close together. Usually with a wait. Takes me back to the 40s and 50s. My favorite is the hickory burger, with the sauce on the side.Came here on my recent visit to L.A.  The place is small and has counter service only.  The french fries are perfect, and the server will come by and put some ketchup on a small platter for you to dip them in.  I didn't eat a burger, but instead opted for a grilled swiss sandwich on rye, which said it came with lettuce, but did not.  Pretty good for the experience, probably won't go back, considering I don't live there.I like this place but don't consider it God's gift like most people.Burgers are good.  A bit messy.  Fries are good and service is good.Grabbing a seat can be a pain sometimes as there is no priority for seating.  I have literally seen a fight almost break out over seating more than once.The cream pies are good also.Everything is good.  Nothing is great IMO.Great burgers and fries, Surly old men working the counter, cash only and great pie makes this 1950s type diner a great place to eat. Yeah it sucks if the place is packed and you have to wait to be seated but suck it up losers. I love this place and glad i drunkingly stumbled upon this place one oct morn.apple pan is pretty legit in my book.  good burgers, good fries and good pie.  and considering that this is most of their menu, they pretty much win in life.  they are cash only.  you sorta need to know what you want to order very fast.  indecisiveness is never a good friend for anyone, especially if you are eating at apple pan.  the seating is first come first serve.  yeah that means you have to watch people eat the delicious burgers in front of you but soon, you will have your time. i love how they serve their drinks in little paper cone things too.p.s i think the number listed here is wrong bc i called and i got a very pissed off old lady telling me that "no this is NOT the apple pan!"I had passed by this place a few times and was attracted to it's raw greasy diner looking setup.  The other night, my girlfriend said she wanted a hamburger, and so, I suggested we try the Apple Pan. When we got there, the place was packed and there were a few groups waiting to sit down.  The place was bustling with activity and we were excited to partake.  However, it was a little confusing what we were supposed to do.  I asked the couple standing next to us how we knew who was next to sit down and they suggested we just eyeball it and know who was here first.   This worked just fine at first, but when another 20 people walked in over the next 10 minutes, this eyeball system no longer worked.  No  one knew who was next and everyone was edgy about some other group cutting in front of them.  Eventually, after watching intently for 20 minutes, figuring out if it was our turn and making sure no shysters tried to get in front of us, we saw our opportunity and grabbed two seats.  We were ready for a greasy slice of heavan. A few moments after we were seated, 2 seats became available to our left.  Some fleet afoot group quickly sat down and were settling in when two annoyed people came over telling them they remember seeing the seated group walk in.  The two seated people obliged and got up so luckily no fisticuffs developed.  Nonetheless, you would think that either some sort of line technology would greatly improve the situation.Anyway, we were ready to order.  The menu was beautifully simple.  There was the steak burger, the hickory burger (hamburger with BBQ sauce , which our Russian waiter told me bruskly), and another choice or two that I ignored.  There were also a few beverages (served in metal stands with paper cups in them), french fries and pie.  I very much appreciate a place that does a few things and doesn't try to substitute quantity for quality.  We ordered two steak burgers with cheese and an order of fries.I noticed that they had two full fryer baskets of fries as well as another bucket sitting around.  And to no surprise, when our fries came, they were lukewarm at best.  This was quite disappointing as I imagine that when they were fresh, they would have been quite good.Then, a few moments later, we got our two ($6.50) burgers.  And I can tell you with complete confidence that it was almost as good as an in n out burger.  So, the food here gets about 2 stars.You should go to the apple pan if you want to be in a bustling environment with a fun atmosphere.  There will be confusion.  There will be eastern European waiters rushing through taking your order and slamming burgers down in front of you.  There will be a sense that this place is kind of fun but also infuriating.  At the end of the day when you pay 18 dollars and 1.25 hours for 2 burgers and an order of fries, you would wonder why you didn't just spend 10 dollars and 20 minutes for the same experience at in n out.  I guess you get a little atmosphere.  To quote the wisdom on Mount Fuji, everyone in LA should try this place once, only a fool would go twice.Great banana cream pie!!! sometimes a bit too crowded....I'm not sure if they put nicotine in the hickory sauce but I've been having sweats and cravings since I first had the burger two nights ago. While I hate standing around to wait to get a seat for a burger the atmosphere is so much less pretentious than Father's Office that I didn't mind. The burger is delicious and is basically an In 'N Out burger on steroids. Don't go for an aged sirloin and gruyere hamburger but if you want a down and dirty burger and fries then it's hard to beat the Apple Pan. Also, the apple pie was delicious. I need to try the banana cream next time since I've heard so many wonderful things. The place is simple and retro (but not in a cheesy kitschy way) and makes no apologies about it.A buddy of mine and I came across this place in our quest for LA's best pecan pie. Their pie was really good, but it was a little pricey at $5 a slice. I do recommend having it topped with their whipped cream rather than their ice cream. The whipped cream is really fresh, but it's an extra $2 dollars. The Apple Pan has a really small building with very limited seating. It's a popular place and when we got there it was standing room only with very little space to even get through the front door. I don't recommend getting your pie with whipped cream to go because they fill a large stirofoam to the brim with whipped cream which is way too much for one slice of pie. Later your left with a two dollar cup of cream that you don't know what to do with. I mean do you throw two dollars away or do you sit there and eat strait whipped cream out of a cup like a fat kid? (Amazingly, I ended up throwing it away)This place is the real thing and a must for anyone that is interested in LA history. The burgers are top notch.In my opinion, it didn't live up to the hype.  The cash only and seating arrangements are annoying, but not why it doesn't get the fifth star.  I just don't really enjoy the relish, nor the high prices inconsistent with the quality (Which is great, but not Amazing).I love the APPLE PAN!!Loved its hickory burgerSuch a great joint! Great environment, great burgers, great shakes, great pie.  Love the old school vibeBurgers were eh..but nice atmosphere. I would say it is overated and definitely expensive or the size, didn't even get full after eating the meal which I payed like 8 bux...and that old white man waiter did seem like he didn't enjoy being there, which brought the mood down..the pies looked outstanding, but didn't bother trying, they were unfortunately extremely expensive too :(Really People!?  Come on.  Another over-rated joint.  So I wait around the the U-shaped counter like a vulture waiting for a customer to die and shove off.  (Angelic music please!) And then I am presented with a mediocre burger. WTF!  What is wrong with people?  Long wait, tight quarters, no real line so, people argue over who's next and the food is - whatever.  Oh, mind you the parking is just horrendous. Hello! Is anyone paying attention.  Hey, but, if that's your thing...go for it. The Apple Pan - get's Panned!I love Apple Pan when I'm craving a good ol' fashioned cheeseburger and fries. Or a slice of pie a la mode. Simple, fast service and satisfying food every time. I'm a hickory burger girl- love the hickory sauce. They're fries are nothing special, but you almost need them with the burger, unless of course you order pie! I sort of wish they had shakes, but I guess that would be too much of a good thing. Go at an odd hour so you don't have to awkwardly stand behind people as they eat and so you can score parking in back, otherwise that neighborhood is a bitch to park in. Great for after a movie at the Landmark 'cause they're open till 12am weeknights and 1am weekends!We went there last summer after a movie. It was really late and we're not too thrilled that we had to wait in line. The burgers looked yummy but we're there for the apple pie. To our disappointment, it was sold out. The owner told us to get a slice of banana cream pie instead. I was never a fan of cream pies, not to mention banana pies. After two spoonfuls of that pie, however, I fell in love with banana cream pies. I never remembered this until I was making one 2 weeks ago. Delicious!Love The Apple Pan!!  Hickory burger is a must! Cash only and its on an honor system of waiting so don't try to cut in line to grab a seat...people will bitch you out!The Hickory burger is the best burger Ive had in a long long time. It can be messy but the sauce is the best. I haven't really tried anything else... I just go for the Hickory :)i ordered the steak burger with cheese and fries. the fries came out first and they were actually very good. hot and crispy, right out of the fryer. the server even shook the ketchup bottle and pour it on a paper plate for us.but what goes up must always come down, right? it all heads south from here. i got my burger and i thought to myself, "did i order a lettuce burger with a patty or a cheeseburger?" the lettuce stole the thunder from the meat, which is pretty sad. and the sauce. what is in the sauce? it is a strong flavored sauce to begin with, but with mind-boggling amount just slapped on to the burger, it made it worse.maybe the pies are good here, i guess i will never find out because with a "meh" experience with the burger for 7+ bucks, i will be on a search for a different burger spot on the westside.Super tasty burgers and fries.  Long lineups, high prices and a cash only policy keep this from the land of five stars.Tasty food, cute place to eat.Really good Burger and apple pie!! The seating arrangements aren't that great. We were there before these 3 people, and they took our seats. Other than that, great food!Ready, Set...Go hurry up and eat here.... there is limited seating and an almost pissed off waiter but i wouldnt have it any other way!!! soda in a cone ? sure!!! Pipping hot fries? Sure best Hickory burger??? hellll yes!!! a must must must must must........ oh yea dont forget your apple pie!!!   p.s....take cash please dont look stupid with you atm card in hand ...enjoyIt takes you back in time. Old fashion counter seating and service. Old fashion recipes, taste, great service, but is costly. Little on the high side. The pies were awesome.I came here because the reviews were great and I was told it was one of the best burger places in LA. I have to admit, I don't agree. I was charmed by the Old-School style of the place and the way the food was served. But I could easily never return. I wasn't impressed, the burger was nothing special and neither were the fries. The BBQ sauce was rather overpowering, the bread was very basic and the garnish was very normal... as for the meat, I can't say it was a good burger... I just can't say anything was good. Sorry, I didn't like it!this place is so overrated!! my friend and i were craving burgers and pie and this seemed like it would really hit the spot. oh how wrong we were. burger was nothing special (shoulda just gone to in n out) and the pie was cold! i want warm pie with my cold ice cream! not cold pie with my melty ice cream!anyway, the only reason i'm giving this two stars instead of one is because i like that the U-shaped seating makes for easy ppl watching and cute guy gazing.The place is pretty much stuck in the 50's..don't expect anything fancy or cute though.It's pretty empty,crappy looking but it gives you a good,realistic feel of what an average simple little diner was like back in the days which i think makes it really cool and classic.I give it a 5  though because they have like the best burgers i have tried so far!Loooove the hickory burger and I like that there's no salt on there fries so u can put on ur own salt! I like my fries hot and chrispy and if u like fries hot and chrispy this is the place! I hate pie however there pie is the only pie I eat and love! I don't like banana so I can't comment on the banana pie ! The apple pie however is OMG yum love the crust! I also recommend the strawberry pie when it's in season whole strawberries w/fresh whipped cream on top! My only complaint is cash only and exspensive! The staffs been there forever unfortunately Gordon retired but some of the other guys r so nice!Good Burgers.  Not the best I've ever had, but good enough to visit again.  I would have to say they are better than In-n-out, but not as good as TK Burgers in orange county.  Pricier than both those joints though.  Service is good also.Not really worth the wait or the prices...The Hickory Burger is so delicious!i stopped by here with the bf (yes...it's official) back in march after our ifly hollywood expderience (indoor skydiving). my coworker has raved about their banana cream pie for YEARS. i love banana cream pie..so i had to stop by.i was warned by my coworker to fight for a spot. seating is tough there and it's first come first serve. there's not sign up sheet either. i saw a free chair, and i sat in it because everyone else was standing against the wall. as soon as the couple to the left of me got up, my bf snatched the chair next to me......basically...YOU SNOOZE YOU LOSEit was such a cute little place. you can see everything they do and i love the old school feel. the guys were super nice, and you can tell that they've been doing everything the same way since they first opened.we got:steakburger - bland. no flavor. can't even taste the meat. =(hickory burger - tasty bbq sauce. this one had much more flavor than the steakburger. this was the favorite of the two (i inhaled both)slice of apple pie - i'm not a huge fan of apple pie. i prefer other pies over apple, but we had to give it a try b/c it's APPLE pan. plus the ladies next to me raved about it. it was just ok for me. tastes like all other apple pies.slice of banana cream pie - YUMMM not the best i've ever had..but very very very delicious. best banana cream pie i've ever had is at bandera in corona del mar.fries - yummy!! i love thick fries!!soda - super cute way they serve it. in a little paper snow cone cup! =)i'm glad i tried it. i won't go out of my way to go back. had a good enough experience, but not AHHHHMAZING.Hickory burger...mmMmmMM!  I love the nostalgic feel when you come here: the barstools, the bottled soda pop, the french fries.  The vibe just takes you back.  OBVI the major downfall about this place is the wait.  You feel so rude hovering over people waiting for them to eat their food.  And when you finally get to sit down and eat you look at the new bystanders and think WTF stop hovering!! LOL!  But I guess it's just a part of the experience.  It would not feel the same if this place was not its cute quaint little burger joint self!I decided to visit this place after seeing how many good reviews it's gotten. Honestly, I would prefer to eat an In-N-Out and get pie from Costco. I still don't understand what's so great about it. Maybe I ordered the wrong things?I don't know about this place. I went once and I think I thought it was good, but went back again and maybe I just outgrew it. The banana cream pie is the best part. The fries with ketchup were good. The burger though was just blah, the sauce wasn't anything special and the meat wasn't either.Decided to drop by for a bite because we were very hungry on Saturday night and this seemed like a quick choice.  The service was very fast and attentive! You'd be surprised because the place is so small and it seems that they would just want to rush you out the door. But our guy was really helpful, helped cut our burgers in half so we can share, etc. The burgers weren't bad either, we tried both the steak and hickory. The fries were well cooked (not too greasy).If you're looking for an LA Iconic eatery, this is the place.  Straight outta the '40s counter seating, delish burgers 'n fries served the ole fashion way that are sure to satisfy the need for Burger/Fries comfort food at very reasonable prices.  There's always a line out the door for seating since this spot has limited seating capacity.  Be sure to put this joint on your LA Iconic-hotspot agenda.Love the burgers and the old school vibe.   The pricing is ridiculous.  Me and my party had 2 burgers one with cheese, pecan pie with ice cream, and a bowl of ice cream.  Price was 29 bucks.  The burgers were good but not better than IN/OUT.  Pie is pie and the ice cream was decent.  29 bucks for this is a rip off big time.Quick service and delicious burgers. I had the hickory sandwich and it was perfect. Similar to Inn-n-out but I think it's more flavorful, but then again it's 2x more expensive. This place is also CASH ONLY!!!Holly smokes that has got to be one of the best burgers I'll ever had, hickory burger is the one to get..Strange place, no tables just a huge squared counter. I had the Hickory burger and I really liked it, tasty and not too big. I tried the apple pie with ice cream and it was just ok. Definitely a place to try at least onceKept hearing about this place from my wife and others. Fries were ok,  Hickory burger is pretty good,   Apple pie was very disappointing.  Banana cream pie was good though.  More about atmosphere than food, more nostalgia of a old style burger counter.   If you are at all health conscious, don't look at the pile of grease that the burgers are cooked in (pretty much covers the patty).Didn't see the big lines, on a Saturday at lunch.   We also drove by it a week earlier, and didn't see a line, so not much of a problem getting a couple seats.Good, tasty burgers and pie but definitely not worth the hype. Pie 'n' burger in Pasadena is much better.Best old school burger I've ever had.  Knocked 1 star off for slightly inflated prices for the portion size... yet, you must go.  Steak burger, well done fries and banana pie.  Heaven.While on vacation, my family and I decided to have dinner here.  We have two tweens and wasn't looking for anything fancy, but a good meal.  My husband and I both had the Hickory Burgers and they were awesome!  Kids had a regular cheeseburger.  We all split two orders of fries.....now here comes the best part.....PIE!!!  I am pretty sure the only reason I eat dinner is so I can have dessert, but I digress.  I ordered the banana cream, husband got the apple and my son got the coconut cream.  Apple was not worth ordering again, but the banana and coconut were incredible.  They don't always have the coconut so find out which days they serve it - I know one of the days is a Friday.  Lastly, if you want a good, HOT cup of coffee, this is the place.  I love my coffee and it's always hard when you are way to get coffee the way you want but this place has it right - what coffee should be like.  And did I say HOT.  I love my coffee hot, not lukewarm.  It's a no frills place but the service is speedy and they keep a very clean counter.  Btw, we went there 3 times over the course of our vacation!Tough it is a famous restaurant, burgers are just OK and bit overpriced. Atmosphere and service are very good.All you haters out there don't get it.  This one is the original.  It is the rosetta stone, DNA for all the burgers today.  Without apple pan there wouldn't be an umami, father's office, in n out, etc.The Best old time burger joint in California! Hickory Burgers are off the hook best as you will ever taste.Best burger ever. You should try their heickry burger and their banana pie.I won't go into detail because everyone else has, but for those of you who ordered the hickory burger and were not impressed, try a tuna sandwich next time. I really think that the tuna is the best thing they have. Aside from that, yeah, the burgers are pretty good, the fries are pretty good (nice and well done), and the apple pie is great.Quaint joint with the tastiest grub! I love the burgers here and the fries make it even bettter. I hate ketchup but the ketchup really makes  the burgers and fries, along with their special sauce! The menu is very limited, but I stick to those old classics. The interior has not changed since opening, and there is seating only around the counter, making this place have real retro charm. Expect to wait around lunch time for an open seat. Service is friendly and fast, just how I like it. Be sure to have a slice of pie (a la mode) at the end to finish off that juicy meat and salty potatoes. This place will really bring you back!Apple Pan Kicks Ass.They do one thing and do it well.  The place is old and has a great horseshoe bar that you have to belly-up to.  Service is fast, you can usually be in and out of there in about 15-20minutes.  The wait can be crazy, but what can you do?Right now if you were to ask me what burger I like better in LA, it's between Apple Pan and Pie n' Burger.  Different yes, but both really, really good.  Great burger, period.When I worked in Culver City my boss took me here one night. It was the total package experience. The food... the atmosphere... the old waiters... the cone cups with orange soda.... the good cheese... This is why I always send out-of-towners here. This place is tough to beat!Oh the nostalgia.  This is the place I took my dates during college right after a movie in the nearby Westside Pavilion theaters.  Well, those theaters are now gone... replaced by a state-of-the art multiplex.  And the Apple Pan?  Well, it hasn't changed a bit.  To be honest though, I think that I have.  Eating here is like going to a time in the past when life was uncomplicated.  But now there are new addictions and better burgers at places like Father's Office or The Counter.  And pies abound in upscale pastry shops that replace the simplicity of an Apple Pan slice.  Everything at Apple Pan is exactly as it should be... but it seems that doesn't hold the same pull for me anymore.Apple Pan's Hickory burger is the best damn hamburger in town. It's a bit pricey, but after having one you can't help but order a second even if you are full. I love the seasoned waiter who has been there for 50 years. Great burgers!I love The Apple Pan, I been eating here for a long time. You never know what your gonna get when you come here. Sometimes, the experience can be terrible or memorable, you never know. Regardless, there is no denying the Hickory Burger is simply amazing. The menu only has 7 items and it may take awhile for you to get seated due to it's popularity. The pies are delicious, go get that apple pie! For me, the unpredictably with great food always keeps me coming back.The quintessential hickory burger with or without cheese is to die-for. I've even converted fussy, pretentious Europeans who would never dream of eating ANYTHING with their bare hands. Nothing more to say.Talk about good food. This is by far the BEST burger in all of Los Angeles. The pies are great too! The fries is good, it's all good here. There is always a wait though. Come here hungry, leave here happy. You will not be disappointed.Open and unchanged since 1947. Plaid wallpaper! Sitting at a counter! To eat at Apple Pan is to step into the best kind of time warp. The place is a landmark (conveniently/fittingly right across from the Landmark theater) and I have asexual crushes on each and every one of the guys who have worked here forever... especially the sassy old, 6'5" white dude with trash can lids for hands. It's unfair to make a comparison because it costs only $3, but In 'n' Out is kind of a joke after you've been to Apple Pan.  The steakburger is kind of bland for me, but the Hickoryburger is perfection.  The tuna melts are the best I've ever had in my life. Also, perfect french fries. Also, PIE... banana creme, apple, pecan PIE PIE PIE.I had the Hickory Burger yesterday afternoon, for the first time.  Today, Monday, I want another one.  It was SO delicious and I'm more of a vegi burger sort of gal.  The motto at the Apple Pan sums it up - it is the result of the effort to do simple things exceedingly well.  They nailed it - everything from the texture and the done-ness of the fries to the crispiness of the bun. I would put it in line with Father's Office.The burger and fries were just ok. I ordered the BBQ burger, or something like that, but it was kind of just disappointingly ketchupy. The overall experience of sitting at the counter and watching them fry up your food dressed in their 50s style uniforms with the old school cash register and soda in paper cone cups is what makes the whole thing enjoyable. It seems that there's always a wait to sit at the limited counter space, but it's definitely worth it. Me and my roommate ordered a slice of banana cream pie to share and a slice of apple to go. Both were pretty amazing and we agreed that while once was enough on the burgers, we would definitely go back just for the pie!The Steakburger is a good hamburger at best. No way is it the best in LA. I'm no fan of the sauce, fries are out of a bag and pies are small for the price.LA is a total burger town. Surprising... since it has a reputation for healthy eating, yoga freaks and twiggy ladies. But it's also the home of In-n-Out, Father's Office, Umami Burger, 8 Oz Burger... the list goes on. And the grandfather of all of them is The Apple Pan.The Apple Pan has been around since 1947 and it shows. It's a really old-school burger bar with no-nonsense burger slingers in paper hats. The menu is short and very traditionally American: burgers, fries and pies. Seating is limited, as the only seats available are at the counter, so if you go at prime lunchtime, be prepared to wait. The burgers are good. Really good. And best of all, really cheap, with a burger only running you $5. Tack on a paper cone full of french fries for $1.75 and another paper cone full of soda for $1.25 and you still come out of there under $10. The burgers are served just how I like them.... with mayo, pickles and lettuce, (no tomatoes). Cheddar and swiss cheeses are available for an extra 40 cents. Get the cheddar. So why only 3 stars, you ask? Well, I'll tell you.... it's the special sauce. I really loathe that special relish sauce. Maybe if there was just a dab of it on the burger, it would be a different story.... but it's smothered on there. And I'm a little too afraid of the guys behind the counter to ask them to leave it off.Simple old fashioned burgers and fries with a comfy feel.  The decor inside makes you feel like your here for one thing only, good burgers. Very nostalgic vibe about this place.  Friendly staff too.I like the old style atmosphere here. I tried a piece of the coconut cream pie (I don't even like coconut) and thought it was incredible. Definitely try the pies here at the very least.The Apple Pan is a fun Los Angeles favorite. Sure, parking sucks, there's limited seating, and there's always a cluster of people behind you waiting to swoop in and snatch your seats. But all of that, along with the minimalist service and no-frills menu is part of the establishment's unique charm.For me, a meal at The Apple Pan always includes the following: root beer, fries (to share), the hickory burger (with cheese, of course), and one cut of apple pie a la mode (to share). Yeah, wow, that sounds so fantastic right now, even though I was just there yesterday. Only complaint is the excessive amount of lettuce they usually put on the burgers. Makes them a little difficult to eat. If you lack patience, avoid the busy lunch and dinner hours. This place is worth waiting for though. The burgers are tender and juicy, the hickory sauce is heavenly, and the whole experience can't be beat. Highly recommended, and a local favorite.After all the hype, my boyfriend and I decided to try Apple Pan. We waited for like half an hour so by the time we grabbed a seat, we were starving. We both ordered the infamous hickory burger. The food arrived and it was looked really good. However, after we took the first bite, we didn't understand what the hype was all about. It was a good burger but not great. The meat was juicy and the burger was saucy but there was nothing special about it.  I would come to this place again but I don't think its worth the wait. Maybe takeout? I did however loved the setup, a little cramped but different.I LOVE the smokey taste of their burgers!! I'm starting to drool while writing this review!! Fries are awesome, banana cream pie is UNBELIEVABLE!! The classic style of running a place is there, they actually have the old cash registers from back in the 50's. GREAT GREAT GREAT PLACE!Off the hook good stuff!  I have ate at the counter and done the take out thing.  It does not matter, its all good.  The Hickory is awesome.  Its well worth the $.  And do not forget to order the pie!The Apple Pan is another one of the LA institutions that used to be a higher rating for me, but like other LA mainstays you are paying for the history and nostalgia. The burgers here are good, but not good enough or big enough for 6.75. The desserts are great and a little pricey as well. It's a place that if you grew up going there it's a 5 star, but if you have never been before you will likely be left wondering why it's so popular.The only reason this place gets 4 stars is for the experience. I really got a thing for the old school method of food service. Burgers = Fresh but average taste and overpriced. In n out is indeed much better.Fries = Below average.Pie = Fantastic.Overall its definitely worth a try. Was especially good after a night of ice skating while drunk.Just went here for a late night snack and I have to say it was just the thing I needed to satisfy late night munchies. I can't rate on the burgers (maybe the next time I visit the place), but I can tell you a little bit about their tasty fries and comforting apple pie. All the seating is bar-style seating, all around one large U-shaped counter that surrounds the general cooking area. There's this cool old man that waits on all the tables at the restaurant.Fries are ~$2, they were nice and fresh, crisp, but soft on the inside. The fries come in a good sized mound on a small plate. It's a good portion for the price you pay. Halfway through the fries, the waiter got us a couple cups of water, without our asking. That earned a point for service right there. It wasn't a crazy gesture, but it shows he's an attentive waiter. The waiter then asked if we were ready for our apple pie. We ordered it without any extras on top ($2 for whipped cream or ice cream). A slice went for ~$5.50. In terms of size, it was about 1/4 of a standard tin pie pan. Still, it was a bit pricey for a slice of pie, in my opinion. Luckily though, it tasted very home-y. The crust is buttery and very simple, and compliments the apples very well. The apples were warm and tender. Altogether, it was a comfort to eat. It doesn't even need whipped cream or ice cream because the pie is already sweet from the apples. On top of that, whipped cream/ice cream would just cool down the entire dish, losing the warm comfort-factor of the pie altogether. Steph's Recommendation(s):When you're hankering for a nice late night snack, I'd give their fries and pie a try!Had the Hickory Burger and it was alright. Not out of this world. Pies were also okay ... but the prices are way too high for what they offer.The only reason this place doesnt get a 5 is the price and seating.  The food is amazing.  I remember when they used to serve the little mini-glass soda bottles with the red cup of ice here.  I have been eating here for 20 years, and I will continue to do so.  Steakburger, fries, soda, apple pie with ice cream.  A couple of the waiters i remember from the 90s are still there.  Probably the best tasting hamburger I've had in L.A., but its pretty pricey for what it is.On my quest for the best L.A. burger, I ventured down to Apple Pan. I am not sure where all the hype for this place comes from because it does not deserve it. The food is OK, the service is terrible, rushed, and inconsiderate. Apparently it is a crime to ask if they make a double cheeseburger (which they will not). My waiter said no to all of my questions before I even finished asking them. I joked with my brother that he should have a "NO" button on the counter so he could just press it at the customers and save his breath, which he obviously did not like to waste. And good luck coming with more than two people, this place is so small and crammed that we saw families having to split up and sit at opposite ends of the counter (which is all this "restaurant" really is, a counter. A counter with SUPER tight seating). It is a struggle to even get in this place, you open the front door and suddenly your standing in the walk-in fridge. Also, if you prefer restaurants that serves food on plates, the Apple Pan probably isn't for you. Burgers are handed to you wrapped In N' Out Style sans box. Fries come on a small paper plate the size of a small bread plate. Pros - The fries are amazing, probably the best I have ever had. They are super clean, hot and crispy....I believe fried to order in very clean oil. The steak burger is OK, but I have had much better "classic style" burgers at countless other places. Daglas Drive-In Burgers in Canoga Park kills this place just to name one. And I would choose a Bob's Big Boy Double Deck over an Apple Pan Burger any day of the week. The Apple Pie w/ Ice Cream is by far the best Diner Style Apple Pie A la Mode i have ever had and is rivaled by none - perfection. Cons - I know the little paper cone cup idea is quirky, but it actually makes your beverage difficult to drink! Don't go to Apple Pan thirsty, because all you can do is sip out of this snow cone. Also only can soda at $1.50 a pop. No fountain - BOOOOOOOOOOOO! Cash only!!! Boooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!little place on the west side... apple pie and vanilla ice cream.  Burger is the best.  Hate to say it but better than In and OutWe can thank City of Los Angeles Parking Enforcement Officer Allison (serial no. 2948; beat 304) for this rating.  I was willing to look past the long wait, tight seating, overpriced bland burgers because, what the heck, it's The Apple Pan.  Unfortunately, the $63.00 scam parking citation for shockingly not understanding the intentionally vague and contradictory signs on Glendon Avenue to ultimately mean - NO PARKING, drove the price tag for an otherwise simple burger-fries-diet coke lunch for fun to more than $120.  Even in LA - that's ridiculous!  Will I be back?  Sure, it's The Apple Pan.  So long as someone else drives.This place is like a Twilight Zone episode where you step through a door into 1947.   A throwback to a simpler time in the midst of trendy West LA.The shack amongst the chic.  And I LOVE it!  The burgers, the sandwiches, the pie, the countermen, the paper cone cups, the register, the coffee urn, it's all the same as it ever was.  Did I mention the food is great too?  If you like hamburger relish, order the Steakburger, if you lean towards BBQ sauce, the Hickory burger is the winner.  Save room for pie.Parking is a b!tch though, watch out for tickets.Old school rules. Old school burgers. Old school prices. DAM GOOD!Los Angeles - really???  The fact that this place is famous is pathetic.  I am shocked this place has a good reputation.  I had the hickory burger with french fries.  The patty was overcooked and bland, the sauce tasted like ketchup, and there was too much lettuce on the burger.  Even the fries were bad.  And the cheeseburger was north of $7 and didn't even come with fries!  In N Out is 100 times better and half the price.  I really wanted to like this place but it was just plain bad.The best banana cream pie bar none.  That is all.Man, I used to go here all the time when I lived in LA.  I miss this place so bad.  It reminds me of everything I love about LA.  The vibe is old school.  The menu is straightforward and you don't need to hire a tax lawyer to go over all the intricacies.  You know you'll get a tasty burger and glorious pie with no frills service.  The place feels alive and there's all kinds of people coming and going.  I saw the same dudes working there from when I was 8 till I was 25.  I want Apple Pan so bad.I go here for the Hickory Burger. Not the ambiance (it's small, cramped, hot, and impossible to get a seat), the service (which is mostly limited to grunts), and certainly not the fries (edible, but always mushy). The Hickory Burger alone is worth the trip.For once, this review is going to be simple and short... just like the menu at The Apple Pan located on 10801 W. Pico Blvd. in West LA.  Although most people go there for classic burgers, I have to note that I'm a huge fan of their old fashion apple pie.  Simple.  Sweet.  Awesome.I hadn't been since I was a kid, because "cash only" totally sucks in my world, but The Counter closed early on us, & we really, really wanted hamburgers, & this was closest. Now I'm jealously squirreling away any cash I come across, because this was one special burger. It was smoky, & tender, & just the right size... It'd been a while since I was that impressed by a hamburger. Let alone a hamburger served in a paper wrap, at a counter. If only they took credit cards, I'd eat there twice a week!Delicious, simple, old school, worth the 8 minute wait, get some pie.The apple pan is a classic. A beautiful living tribute to the burger joint at the height of Americana. Keep it simple. Hickory burger fries slice of banana cream pie. Smile.Decent hamburgers. Can't go wrong with the "Original" Steakburger. Gotta come back for the banana cream pies!This place is a tradition. Don't go here if you are expecting anything different. The place has worn which gives it its charm. You have to wait for a stool to be open, which tells you it's popular. Friendly staff. Delicious pies. Who knew apple pie would taste so good after a burger? And yeah, parking looks a little tough, but every time I've gone, I get lucky and find a spot. As for the prices, look at the menu and see if it's within your budget! The burgers are of good quality, so they are in no way overpriced.The AC was not on high enough and the sauce in the burger tasted kind of weird to me. A little to sour for my taste but the burger overall was decent.Great burgers but a painful wait unless you go early or late.  Forget the busy times.  The place is a legend for a very good reason.Four stars for the burgers and fries.  As you can see from other posts, this place is a counter only eatery, that when busy, you have to stand behind the seats you will ultimately sit down in.  I had the stakeburger as it was my first time, so felt compelled to try the original with the house sauce.  The fries were served almost immediately and were very good with a homemade real potato flavor.  The burger was also very tasty, the meat being the key, moist, juicy, medium rare.  I would order the burger without the sauce which was very relishy and overpowered the beef in my opinion.  So I just scraped it off and was back into devouring my meal.A Los Angeles icon! Outstanding burgers and just an awesome place to go. Although everything is great I'd totally recommend their Banana Cream Pie. Apple Pie a la mode is good too. Long Live The Apple Pan!The best burger in LA by far. The fries are made fresh to order, the pies are perfection.  No complaints from except the wait sometimes.... I always try to go early, right when they open.The quintessential American diner and probably the best burger in LA.  Nothing fancy: burgers, fries, and pies.  The hickory burger is the way to go, but really everything on the menu is delicious.  I also love the cream pie (better than the apple IMHO).  One caveat: be prepared to wait, whether it's a Friday night or Tuesday afternoon.  I often go the carry-out route.  They're open late too!Apple Pan is one of those place I am often perplexed at. I'm not into the whole institutions or old landmark kind of places. Even though it's been around for awhile, I just get the feeling that people loves the charms of the old place. The place actually looked quite nice and very charming as if the outside of the place looked like an old hickory shack. What's even better was that the inside of this place looked very unique as they only have an U-shape counter seats. There are no tables or booth seats for privacy. Just the counter seats like you have seen in the old Alan Ladd film noir days. I guess they do all their cookings at the brick-layers oven grill as it brings out the flavor I guess. The old mechanical cash register that doesn't need electricity gave the place the old vintage class. The menu is very limited at best with only two types of burgers. I skipped the Hickory burger and ordered the steak burger instead. Sounds fancy, but it's just a beef patty burger. I did ordered their two dollar fries. They don't have a combo or very extensive menu. This one page sheet menu pretty much stayed the same forever. Here's the punch in the gut. That steak burger which sounds fancy, but looked like a famous star from Carl's Junior minus the tomato and such ...cost $8. Yes, I have complained about the gourmet burger coming from a bar that cost $11 in Santa Monica, $12 French toast in West Hollywood, and an $8 omelet in Long Beach. Let's put it this way, if that $8 burger was a wowser, I would not be complaining and comparing it to Carl's. Alas, it's a decent chow, but not really that good. I'm sticking with In-N-Out Burgers as the better burger in town. I think I was also held in a stick up when I ordered their Combination. No, that is a combo meal, but just a simple baked ham and Swiss cheese sandwich with a lettuce. Guess how much that was?.......$7. Yes, I can see this place is more geared towards the affluent crowds of people living nearby or people wants to relieve the Golden Age of Eisenhower and Nixon. But geesh, the prices were harsh. The place can be crowded with people waiting for a seat. It seats less than 32 people, so you are going to need to be there during non-rush hour. Big groups are discourage from coming here. If you think Daikokuya is bad, you haven't seen this place on a prime lunch or dinner hours. I'm just too scared to try the pies because I didn't want my wallet to be drained that quick, but apparently some people have no problem stimulating the economy by buying a piece of any of the five different slice of pie that would have cost the same for a whole pie elsewhere. Like I said, it was really hard for me to understand about this place. Perplexed by the time I walked out and still left unsatisfied.Go here for the experience, the burgers, and the tasty fries.  Expect to wait for one of the few seats at the counter for a while.  I haven't had the apple pie, but it looks delicious.Believe it or not, even though I grew up in West LA(Beverlywood area), I didn't eat here at all when I was a kid.  I ate here for the first time back in the early 90's, after I moved to the valley.  Over the past year, as I've really enjoyed seeing movies at the Landmark Theatres just a little over a block away, across the street, I've gone to The Apple Pan before a movie quite a few times, either for a burger and fries, or if I've already eaten dinner, a piece of pie.  Their burgers are very good, at least their Hickory Burger is(I haven't tried their Steak Burger yet, so I'm not sure how that one tastes).  Their apple pie, and chocalate cream pie(I think they call it a Boston Cream Pie, but I'm not sure, is also very, very good.  My only complaint about this place, besides the fact that they don't take credit, or debit cards, only cash, is that the burger seems kind of small for the price, compared to other places.  I could easily eat 2 of them, with fries, and I don't consider myself to be someone with a huge appetite.  As a matter of fact, the other night, I came here for a Hickory Burger and fries only a few hours after I had a pretty good-sized lobster roll with a side order of rice at Sonny McLean's in Santa Monica, and I still wasn't totally full.  Other than that however, I have no real complaints about The Apple Pan.So good! I still dream about their burgers and apple pie.I can't wait to go back!!!pie, yes!burgers: if you want to relive the old days of ordinary burgers made of low-grade meat, then this is the place for you.  given the price tag of the burgers, they should be better.  also, the apple pan does not have TOMATOES, only ketchup.  i have not yet figured out their logic on this absurd omission.cozy and fine for pie.mobbed on weekends.#434 review...So most likely....  just like all the other review..  you either like the relish or you don't.Burger. Fresh. sirloin. buns. lettuce. It's good.Fresh.  Thank God I never had to wait.   It doesn't taste like Astro's...or Rick's.  Completely different taste.Solid burger.  Get's 5 stars on everything.  I'll give it 5 because it stands on it's on scale. With me and burgers it's not a competition.  This is better than that.   I'm a firm believer that each burger spot is will not taste like it's competitor or any other burger spot.    I'm sorry I didn't have any alamode.  Yeah...i know.    Yes i give lower scores but again...this one is legit.   The bread wasn't bad.  The meat didn't taste like it came from the freezer.  Yes, I liked the relish.Good steak burgers but by far NOT worth $7.00, ¢50 extra for cheese. There pretty small and don't include anything else like fries or a drink. I figure it must cost $7.00 because it's neatly put together or the sweet sauce cost a lot to make. They have a unique sweet flavor that comes from there special sauce. At first I hated it because I was expecting a big loaded great tasting burger. Then when I saw  a small burger that fit in my palm I felt gypped. After I got over the price I said to myself, "This better be the best $7.00 burger." Which was followed by my group of friends saying, "That's what I was thinking!". It wasn't the best $7.00 burger. The first time I tasted the sweet sauce I was, "What the, a sweet burger?" About half way through the burger I started to like the sweetness. I would say the only reason I would come back is if I was in a mood for a sweet burger. I don't know of any other place that sells sweet burgers. The fries where normal tasting and soda drinks come in a 12 fl oz can. A 12 fl oz can that cost $1.50.... only in California.This is a small diner with very few seats. If there are no open seats people just lean against the wall. So there might be a line of people waiting for an open seat(s). My group and I waited for over 30 minutes for enough seats to open up. It didn't seem like that was going to happen. We decided to walk around the city for an hour. When we came back there was still not enough open seats. So we decided to order it to go. I would definitely not recommend this place for a group.As for service it's a bit tricky. One can't help feeling a bit awkward for a first timer. Expect to stand/sit feeling like one is invisible. To get served faster, follow an employee and walk up directly facing him/her. Then speak up a bit so they know you want to order. Kind of like when ordering drinks at a bar.Conclusion: The sweet sauce is the only thing that makes this place stand out.I've been coming to Apple Pan since I was 8...so I may be a little biased. Make no mistake, this isn't a fancy burger establishment by any means, but the paper soda/water cones and the red vinyl bar seats are part of its old school charm. Prices have gone up over the years (around $30 for 2 ppl with burgers, fries, drinks and dessert), but I think it's worth it for great food and a comfortable/cozy atmosphere. The guys who work the counters have been there for decades...talk about job security. As for the seating, it's a little tricky. There's almost always a line. And it is first come first serve, depending on where you're standing. I always just scope out how far along the folk at the counters are, and wait behind the people ready to pay their bill. This place is definitely not good for groups...it's tough enough to get 2 seats together. If you can't handle the seating situation, just order it to go. Everything is freshly made and hot off the grill. My go to favorites are the steak burger (has a relish/ketchupy sauce), fries (perfectly golden and hot from the fryer), a slice of banana cream pie (just to die for perfection - tried to copy this many times in my own kitchen with zero success)...all topped off with a coke served in a paper cone.This place is great for an old fashioned diner atmosphere.  The whole idea of the place is simple and the staff is no nonsense.  There are two burgers to choose from and you can have fries, or not, and a drink.  Its very charming and small with counter seating only so it fills up fast.  I personally loved the hickory burger.  They also have old fashioned pies for dessert.The best burgers, pies, and tuna sandwiches in town.I went here with my wife and step daughter on a Sunday afternoon, and despite hearing horror stories about having to wait for a seat, we had no problem sidling up to some bar stools and sitting down.Growing up in the L.A. area, I had heard my whole life about how good the burgers are at The Apple Pan.  And just a couple of weeks ago I even read an online article stating that not only were they one of the top 10 places in America to get a burger, but might even be the best!Now I'm not saying they serve a bad burger, but to quote a popular college football chant - "Overrated!, overrated!, overrated!"  I can think of many other places to get a better burger (In-N-Out, Ruby Tuesday, Chili's, Red Robin, a Bacon Western Cheeseburger at Carl's Jr.).  In fact, it mostly reminded me of a Fatburger or Johnny Rockets.The biggest problem was their secret sauce.  It was a combination of ketchup and sweet relish, and they put so much on it that it took away from the taste of the beef (which is what I'm really looking for when I bite into a burger).  And it caused it to be very messy as well, as the lettuce kept sliding off.Also, they must have still been in lunch mode because the guy taking our orders rushed us so much that we couldn't even enjoy the dump.  We even said as we were driving away (out of the very tiny parking lot) that it must've been the quickest meal we've ever had!Even though it seems to get the best reviews on Yelp, we weren't in the mood for pie afterwards, so we skipped it.  Maybe I can review it at a later date if we decide to go back (which would only be for the pie because I'll look elsewhere for a burger from now on).Finally, The Apple Pan is overpriced for what you get.  For three of us plus a burger to go it was close to $50.Overrated, overrated, overrated!I thought their burgers were good but nothing special. I didn't see how they were different than any other place but it could just be me.Also theyr'e supposed to be known for their pies, and their apple pie was cold and unappealing. Don't most people want a sizzlin hot pie topped with vanilla ice cream? If you want the best apple pie in the world go to Luna Park!I have been coming to The Apple Pan for years....always consistent and delicious!!!!  I prefer the steak burger....but the hickory is great too.  Don't leave out the fries!!!  Worth a trip for lunch...or dinner!!!I like Apple Pan.  I stop by about once every couple of months.  Its not a gourmet burger, but its just a downright good burger...Straight to the point....the best burger in Los Angeles. Steak Burger with cheese and xtra relish.A great late night bite find. Unique seating, very chill. Simple but tasty menu. Burgers remind me of In-N-Out, but it still totally hit the spot. Was a little bummed that there was only pecan pie left, but it was still good all the same. Have already made plans to visit again to take a whole pie home.Oh sweet sweet apple pan, how I miss you so...is what you will be saying a week after not having it again.So freaking good and Authentic. Service with a smile doesn't come naturally, a little of attitude is served on the side, BUT, juicy burgers compensate for the lack of courtesy anywhere I go!I can appreciate Apple Pan for the kitschy feel, but beyond that I'm not thrilled. Granted, I don't eat burgers and the last time I was there I was on crutches. If burgers are all they can do right, maybe I've missed out. I have had the tuna melt--it's huge and decent, but not mind blowing. However, being there on crutches was one of the worst ideas I've ever had. The place is so packed and you have to line the exterior waiting for someone close by to get up. There seems to be some sort of code that everyone knows who is in front or in back of them, but of course there's always that goober that tries to sneak in and nab your chair. And normally with crutches, people are semi-considerate, but here they were just like hungry, mangy wolves, ready for their burger!They don't need my good review! It's that good! And I am not going to tell you my favorite pie because it often sells out. Forget Johnny Rockets or Mel's Drive In if you want to take a trip back to another time. There is always a slightly retro, David Lynch vibe about the place. It's been a favorite for 13 years and it still feels like a new discovery!with out a doubt the is the BEST hamburger in LA. anyone who thinks otherwise is wrong. The hickory burger is great. Get the fries well done. It is not ment to be a high class place, it is a hamburger diner.This place was quick, the server was super friendly and efficient, and the food was perfectly delicious. My boyfriend and I loved the old fashioned diner look and feel to the place, and he even said that he needs to bring his family back to the restaurant the next time they are in town. I highly recommend the hickory burger, and the apple pie a la mode! So yum, and a perfect all-American meal. We are definitely coming back!Burgers are good, but I wouldn't say amazing.  Had a weird experience when I went here, the owner looked like he was about to pass out, and almost fell asleep in our laps.  Weird!  he got our order completely wrong, but it was still tastey.If you're looking for a fancy burger joint with fancy burgers, this is not the place for you.  The hickory burger was good but nothing to write my little brother about.  I did like there pecan pie. I think burgers from In N out are better but there to far from me.  This place works because its only a few blocks from my apartment.   I don't want to dis my own hood, so I'll give it 3 stars just because.Pricey, rude waiter and not as tasty as I expected.  Might as well go to a Denny'sI'm going to join the chorus of other 3-star reviewers and say that it's a good burger...nothing that special.  But the place is straight out of the 1940s and feels like something from an old Billy Wilder movie..so I can't help myself from stopping by.  There were some outrageously grumpy waiters in the past but the remaining guys seem pretty laid back.  It doesn't get much more L.A. than Apple Pan.Decent burger and fries. Great service and a one of a kind spot.Counter top seating, about 21 seats in total. Be forewarned that there is no waiting list or numbers handed out, you basically stand behind the seat you want and wait until its open.Ordered the hickory burger with a side of fries. Both were delicious. Finished my meal off with a slice of banana cream pie, which had fresh slices of banana underneath the whipped cream. The pie was coupled with two scoops of french vanilla dutch ice cream. Only reason why I didn't give five stars is because of the parking and limited/unorganized seating.what a busy little place right off pico. i got here and waited for a solid 30 minutes before i was seated. and by that i mean finding myself a seat because there's no specific seating process here. you just wait for your turn, hope that people are civilized enough to know that it's your turn to sit, and have a seat.i wanted to try a classic burger but i wasn't eating meat at that time, so i had the fries and the apple pie a la mode. the fries were great. they were piping hot, but had the perfect crunch. not salty either. and the apple pie. with its warm apple filling, crust, and vanilla ice cream.. was very good. they have the old school beverage cups here, too.it is cash only, but there's a wells fargo a few steps away. there's definitely a charm to this place that made up for the wait, atm troubles, and limited parking.i'll probably be back again to try a burger and have a slice of the ridiculously good looking banana cream pie.I love this place! The people working there are really nice, plus Apple Pan has the best burgers! Also, the apple pie was delicious (although a little pricey..7.50 with ice cream). I don't recommend coming here with more than 4 people..it's first come first serve seating diner style. I would not hesitate to come back, especially since they're open late during the week (11pm) and really late on the weekends (1am).The Service:It was my first time there so I had to ask for a menu. I had felt pretty bad for doing so since they were incredibly busy, running about the entire area (literally). Despite that, the server who helped me didn't give any attitude at all and handed me a menu, ensuring me that he'll be back to take my order when I'm ready. The professionalism they give off for service is very nice, though it's not the smiling friendly kind. Don't take it personally if none of them smile and greet you warmly! They're just very, very busy people and it's great that they can keep level-headed in that sort of environment. I wasn't there for long, but from what I could understand, you have to seat yourself. Once a diner has finished and leaves a stool empty, you have to rush over and claim it, though all the customers seemed well-behaved. All in all, I'd say their service was good.The Food:My order was a hickory burger, to-go. Again, the server was nice enough to remember that I was a first-timer and asked if I would like to add cheese to it, which I did. Arriving at my friend's house, I found that the burger was still nicely wrapped and intact, though some sauce had leaked out. Presentation wise, it's a very neat and clean burger. As for the flavour of the burger, unfortunately, it's not anything special. The patty tasted like any regular beef patty with the slightest hint of hickory, while the sauce tasted like a mix of mainly barbeque sauce and ketchup. I love vegetables so the amount of lettuce they put inside was just perfect, plus the cheese was nicely melted. The buns were airy and soft, but was mainly... air. One thing that set their burgers apart was the texture of their patty. Indeed, it's taste was nothing special, but the patty was loosely packed, giving it a nice crumbly and moist texture to it that I rather enjoyed.The Decor:If there's anything that'll draw me back to this place, it's the decor. From the inside to outside, everything is unique and fully vintage. This small wooden building houses a small dining area that consists of a large U-shaped counter. Dead center is where they cook all of the burgers, sandwiches, etc. (minus pies, I'm sure). The walls are completely lined with large rectangular wooden windows that clearly show you the outside world and vice versa. There aren't many things hanging around other than furniture, but the doors of the entrance is absolutely adorable, though I don't know why; they just... are. I actually wanted to hang around the door while waiting for my order. For me, being around all of the decor made me feel good and definitely completes the experience. The Extras:The Decor!!! They also serve the concept of pairing burgers with pies.The Verdict:I haven't felt the want to go back since this experience (which took place many months ago), mainly because the burger really wasn't that impressive. However, I do intend on returning at least once with a friend and dine in. Along with that, order a pie.Never ate the burgers, because I only eat halal, BUT the BANANA CREME PIE is the best!!! I guarantee that even if you hate banana flavor YOU WILL love this pie. Bring cash though, CHASE and CITIBANK are down the street for the ATM.Apple Pan's burgers are old-school, with crisp, stacked lettuce, sweet relish, and a really good hickory sauce, if that's your thing. This isn't a modern, Father's Office style burger, it's old-school. Tillamook cheese is a must-add. Pies are delicious. If you like this kind of classic burger, Apple Pan is one of the best examples you'll find. You have to try it at least once.Ambience is a classic horseshoe burger bar with a grill in the middle. Tends to get crowded, so avoid bringing more than 4 people here unless you really want to sit for a while. Cash-only, but there are a couple of banks just a block east on Pico.I see people marking this place down for its service. Look, folks, it's an old-fashioned burger joint with like 6 items on the menu and some real straight shooters serving up the food. This isn't a place where you need to hem and haw over the menu and order something with a billion substitutions - it may be in West LA, but don't bring a pain-in-the-ass westside attitude to the Apple Pan. If you know what you want, you get your food super-fast, which is the whole point of a place like this.Amazing. Burgers were perfect. Love that crunch from the chunk of lettuce and the juicy goodness of a perfectly cooked burger. The fries were crispy and complimented the burger like it should. Had cafe and a slice of in house made apple pie and I will be coming back soon for more. Bring cash, no plastic accepted here. Service was old school and greatly appreciated.Good food, but busy and you basically feel very rushed to eat and leave. very few menu items but good service and good food.nothing special here at all! the seating is clustered and small. The menu is dull and boring. plus they dont even serve different condiments which sucks because could use some dressing other than ketchup. we got the apple pie and it sucked and was way too gooey. Plus, its a little pricey compared to what you get. in n out is wayy better than this!The best...I have driven by this place for years and finally went in for lunch. I will not go back.  One if the worst mealIs I have ever  had. First, there is seating only at a counter that is in a "U" shape around the food preparation area. We were lucky that seats were available, although two other people had to move over to allow the three of us to sit down. The "server" immediately comes over, tells us that the "hickory" burger is the most popular, asks if we want fries and what we want to drink. We agreed to get one order of fries, which is immeditately brought to us by the server, who also fills a small re-cycled paper plate with ketchup. We all order the hickory burger. We are not asked how we would like the meat cooked, just what we want on or off the burger. When the burgers come, no plates, no utensils, just a burger wrapped in paper and in a small paper bag. The hickory sauce was nothing special as you can find better sauces at any grocery store. The menu has not changed since 1947 and it shows. By the time we got our order, the place was filled with people standing behind every seat at the counter. It was like vultures waiting for their turn at the dead body. You cannot enjoy the food here as it is not cooked to your liking, rushed to you and you feel obligated to leave once you have finished eating. Driving west on Pico, I would go on to The Islands or even Norm's for a better burger and real service.This place is shit.I've been here so many times. These are the best burgers I've had in la. I used to always get the steak burger which has an amazing relish-ketchup sauce but now I always get the hickory burger which has a smoky ketchup/BBQ sauce. The fries are great, but make sure to ask for well done if you like your fries crispy, otherwise they're a little underdone.  The banana cream pie is the best pie there, yes better than the apple pie. The wait can sometimes be long and it's cash only but it's worth it for this old-style burger placeI'm shocked at some of the negatives.  These were clearly written by cretins and imbeciles.  It's not "old school" (eyeroll) it's just old.  They've been doing things more or less the same since Moses for chrissakes.  This is the quintessential southern California burger, with a huge lettuce wedge and tightly wrapped in paper.  You've got to elbow your way to a seat at the counter and drink from goofy wax-paper dealies like back in the day.  People complaining about the portion size are just incredibly fat--let's be honest.  Nothing's going to sate those fatties unless it's in a bucket or In-and-Out...so just ignore them.  Real West-siders eat their Apple Pan, now STFU and quit talkin trash about my favorite spot  ;)  Seriously though, it's not for everyone--i.e., disabled trying to get a seat, people in a hurry, those with really little kids, etc.  But it's a very unique place with exceptional food and a back-story which is nice in a bland fast-food world.This place is AWESOME!!!! I love it! The burgers are delicious and the atmosphere is so amazing. Its like going back into a time capsule to West LA in the 1940's. This is another example of a restaurant that does a few things very, very well. Burger, milkshake and a piece of apple pie! Check it out!Had been wanting to try this place out for a long time as I heard nothing but great things. Was sadly disappointed.  However, if I had to rate it on just the food and cool diner ambience I would give it about 2.5 stars.  I mean the burgers weren't worth the 7 bucks they charge as they aren't anything out of the ordinary or spectacular.   They taste okay, but I could have got a better burger at Mcdonalds.  Plus the rudeness of the waiter was too much.  For example, I was reading the menu and he snatched it from my hand as another patron walked up and asked for a menu.  Another lady was waiting for her friend - who was probably parking- and she was rudely told to get up and move, so someone else could sit down.  I get they need to keep the turnover snappy fast, but come on guy...give the couple a second.  Me and my boyfriend ordered the steak burgers with fries.  Fries were good and crunchy, but nothing out of the ordinary.  Drinks were served in paper funnel cups that are placed in metal containers.  Kind of cool.  But kind of cheap considering their burgers are 7 bucks.  The burgers were drowned in relish sauce.  I am not a fan of relish sauce on burgers, but it wasn't bad...I just would have appreciated being told it came with that though and having the choice to omit that....  The final straw was the waiter snatching my paper funnel shaped cup that still had coke in it and throwing it in the trash...  He was like are you doooo...ne...before he finished his sentence and I could answer "no"...was too late!  Bye bye $2.00 coke...I will forever miss what coulda been...that last sweet sip of coke that could have crossed my lips...but was not meant to be...  Farewell to the coke...and farewell to the Apple Pan!One of my favorite places to eat in LA period!Great atmosphere for a burger joint, very friendly service.The Hickory burger is the way to go, great fries, and you gotta leave room for the pies. The banana cream pie is excellent, but my favorite is the boysenberry pie, only available tuesdays, thursdays, and saturdays.Cash only place!10 PM Saturday came here after a bar.  Was not as crowded as people say maybe 7 other ppl no line.  The place is old and run down (ugly version of Johnny Rocket). They usually run out of pie early. The hamburger meat is regular pattys you get at a supermarket. The only difference is the sause which grossly sweet for my taste (burgers which are salty do not taste good sweet). Burger is tiny and overpriced fries are crappy too. I would recommend in n out or islands over this place anyday. My next stop I am going to try Fathers Office!It's amazing how much we let slide by way of service and product when establishments give us a certain atmosphere. Are we so starved for hole-in-the-wall diners on the West Side that we fall for this place? Meat quality on the burger is okay, but super thin, especially for $7. Sauce is pretty good. Fries are alright. Without the ice cream, the apple pie is unmasked as being on the soggy side and lacking depth of crust flavor. In fact, my slice wasn't warm at all. Could've just been the day, I guess. Service and ambience are pretentious, obnoxiously so for a "diner." There are too many other places in Los Angeles that will make you "feel" like you're in a diner (and serve you a meatier, cheaper burger to boot) to waste your time on the overhyped trap that is The Apple Pan. When reviewers start comparing this place to In N Out,  which offers the same burger for half the price (in fact, a double burger for half the price), bells should be going off in the heads of diners everywhere. The emperor has no clothes.I know it's a Landmark Burger Joint and it's great that it is still open but definitely have had much better burgers. I think it is cash only. Very few seats and not worth the wait.This is LA in a nutshell. Great food and fun but no parking, crabby customers and long waits....still worth it :)REALLY?!?!This place is terrible.  My boyfriend and I finally went after hearing people rave about "The Apple Pan"After we finally found a parking spot, we were rewarded with a 15 min wait and extremely rude servers.They gave us a menu, were annoyed when we asked questions and took the menu away after, i'd say, 2 minutes.We ended up with two of the  messiest, odd tasting burgers ..Anyway, pointless continuing.NO parking, bad service, bad food.Cool place. I was driving buy one day and the sign caught my attention. I had to try it out. I just wish the place had a little more room.Some great things and some average things, but everything is absurdly overpriced.  The old guys that work there are are pretty cool and super efficient though.  Be sure to go at an off hour and by yourself or with one other person, otherwise be prepared to wait awhile because there are only like 20 seats around a single counter.  Their "famous" apple pie and hickory burger are pretty unsatisfactory, too much bbq sauce smothered all over the place.  Definitely go for the steak burger and pretty much any other pie, I hear the banana is phenomenal, I had an amazing berry pie.  The fries are pretty decent.Best burger in LA period.Old school burger joint that hasn't changed much since it opened decades ago. One of the best burgers in LA. It can get crowded sometimes but it's worth the wait.this place is the shiat. Luckily, i didn't have to wait in line for a seat when I arrived at the apple pan. Just sat down and awaited the orgy of deliciousness that i was about to experience. I had their Hickory cheeseburger.. so good, juicy and big. The fries were really hot, although they could have used a bit of seasoning. no biggie. I liked how they gave the drinks straight from the can.My friends and I got our food within minutes of ordering which was good cause we were starving!Only drawback would be that parking on the street is a bit tricky, we ended up getting a parking ticket. whatev.Next time, i'm going to try one of their pies.I come for one reason only-their hickory burger. This is also the only place I eat burgers.  I figure if I'm going to eat something unhealthy, it better taste great.  Parking Is very difficult and most evenings there's a queue for a seat, which does NOT always work smoothly, despite the wishful thinking of the sentimentalists here posting about people following the rule of first come first served.  Come on, this place is in the middle of West LA.  Expect to fight some for your seat.  I am talking combat with a yoga-toned psychotherapist or similarly armed and entitled West LA denizen.  To dodge such an unpleasant and possibly fatal encounter, I call my order in as takeout.  It's always ready in ten minutes and I definitely don't miss the decor at Apple Pan while I'm eating my burger at home.Savory!! We ordered Hickory burger, French fries..apple pie and banana pie. All are really tasty! Especially the apple pie Which is kind of surprised me! Cos normally I dun eat apple pie and only banana pie is my all time favorite... But this apple pie is really good! Especially with their vanilla ice cream on the side!;D yummm!! Their famous burger didn't disappoint me as well, the meat was fantastic with some smokey flavor...and the lettuce inside was reli fresh!DID YOU KNOW GORDON RETIRED? i have written to the owner and manager to see if something might be set up to give him a proper thank you and well deserved round of applause (let alone fare well).  If you agree write to the owner and/or manager there and let;s push nicely for it!!!! ThanksWhat happened to Gordon?I find myself having cravings from this place from time to time.  Their hickory BBQ burgers are to die for, as are their chocolate silk pie and the strawberry creme pie.  If you like crunchy fries, ask for your fries "well done."  Yes, there can be a long wait here sometimes depending on the time and day you come, but it's totally worth it.  I know people complain about the "rude old man" but dude, people come here for the food, not for the service.  I've also noticed that as you come back more and more often, that "rude old man" seems to recognize you and becomes nicer and nicer to you.In sum, if you're looking for a GREAT, simple burger, this is the place.  If you're looking for a snotty/trendy LA burger joint with friendly service, go to Umami Burger.banana cream pie out of this world.great solid burger. not a fan of the fries though.I decided to stay the night in LA and went online to look for a good local place to eat. I now wish I had done my research better. I feel like I just paid almost 8 bucks for a 3 dollar burger. Maybe im cheap, but when I order a steak burger + cheese (6.75+.50) I expect it to be large and delicious. I guess it was angus beef? it was average size with a sweet pickle special sauce (thousand island style) that kinda covers the taste of the meat. I gotta say I was disappointed. But it did seem like a nice, nostalgic, atmosphere to take a date if you have a lotta money, wanna eat apple pie and semi-decent lettuce burgers in a crowded setting. oh and the customer service was only decent...maybe cuz I ordered to go and there would be no tip, but prob cuz I just have high standards.If you are nostalgic for an old-fashion lunch counter experience, this is your place.  You have to love this place because the menu is small which allows attention to perfection on every order.  The guys behind the counter have been there for decades; they greet you donning white hats and aprons.  They will make your meal to order quickly, special requests don't faze them.  You can watch slices of fresh baked pies being delivered as you eat, all the while the waiter is happily topping off your drink in cone-shaped metal cup holders (think shave ice cones), handing you clean napkins, and freshening your ketchup for their delicious golden fries.  They have incredible pies, burgers, and sandwiches.  The humble location has been open since 1947, and still has that throwback ambience.  The only drawback is the limited parking and seating.The Apple Pan is a great place to go when you're just looking for a fun time in a classic setting with excellent food. The IBC Root Beer is great, and the Hickory Burger has a distinctive, delicious flavor. The fries are excellent as well--make sure you ask for extra hickory sauce to dip them in.Every kind of pie that I have had has been out of this world. Apple pie is a classic, of course, but it's the banana cream pie that really sets it apart. They don't have it every day, so it's worth calling ahead to make sure that it's available.Some of the best burgers I've ever had, but I hate the fact that it's always busy and hard to find a seat. I don't want to be anxious about finding a seat when I'm hungry! The staff is great -- a little gruff, but in a charming way. Awesome banana cream pie. The best!Food, hamburger is ok, fries ok,  worth the visit one time,  way too expensive for a burger you can get anywhere,  the pies are excellent  ...go for desert skip the overly expensive burger and fries...go to in and out. What a waste of money for a burger and fries.Burgers were good, pie was ok.  Worth the experience if you haven't been.Tastes like forgiveness.After hearing a lot of hype about Apple Pan and their delicious burgers I figured I had to try it. Showed up on a Sunday around 4:30 and was dining by myself, this is a great way to go to a place notorious for a long wait. I was seated within 20 seconds of walking in the door, while larger parties waited for groupings of seats together there were at least 4 single chairs available around the counter.Service was prompt and polite, I ordered the Hickory burger along with fries. Although the burger was decent there was nothing particularly special about it, putting barbecue sauce on a burger doesn't convince me that it's ground breaking. The pecan pie was also solid, but again nothing out of the ordinary. Solid place if you can get in and out quick, but if I had to wait for this quality of food I would be disappointed. I can't bring myself to give 4 starts to something that has no stand out feature.Burgers are incredible.  Fries are just crispy enough to warrant the description perfection.  Coconut Cream pie is orgasmic.Boring overpriced burgers. No parking. People hovering over your shoulder, waiting to take your chair, whispering about how close you are to finishing your meal. I get the appeal  of the retro interior but it's not worth driving to the Westside. Meh.This place is pretty mediocre in terms of burgers. There wasn't much special about it..just your average burger. The fries were pretty average too..just an average place overall. Parking can be a hassle too.Great if you love nostalgia, the pie is excellent, the burgers are also pretty good. Yum!Uh! I want a burger right now! It's a small place, super limited seating, but its what makes that place. Fast friendly service, burger was delicious. I was super bummed that I couldn't try the banana cream pie since they were out, but I did try the apple and the pecan, both so good!I read many of the reviews posted here about the Apple Pan and now I must post mine.  The reason I give it 5 stars is only because of the quality of the food.  I have had the hickory burger, the steak burger and the tuna sandwich.  Out of all three, I prefer the tuna sandwich the best because you get a LOT of tuna as opposed to other diners who put maybe a teaspoon of it and pile on the lettuce and tomato.  The portion of tuna was generous.  The fries are always delicious.  I have never had a bad meal at the Apple Pan.  Their coffee is a lot better than McDonald's and I must admit, their apple pie is terrific as is their chocolate cream pie.  What I DON'T like, and I bow to the majority of the reviewers here is:Parking is awful which is why I walk.  It's a short distance for me.It's rather expensive to eat here, I grant you that.The staff are long-timers and I don't like their attitude.  I suppose some could consider it part of their charm but I don't.  The men who have taken my order just stand there and wait for me to tell them what I want.  There has never been any dialogue exchanged and while I find that odd, I don't find it rude.  I don't like that it's a cash only place either but since they have been doing it this way for years, there's not much one can do about it.  Also, these guys have never advertised, it's all word of mouth.  They must be doing something right after over 60 years in the business!This is not a place I would take a tourist or an out of towner even though the food is wonderful.  I would not want to subject them to a long wait which is based on the honor system (or it should be) and having a limited menu.  The Apple Pan is a good place to go if you want to eat alone and enjoy having people breathing down your neck waiting for your seat.  This is why most of the time I get my order to go so I can enjoy it at home.  Call ahead and your order will be ready when you pick it up.  Otherwise, save yourself an in-person visit, order your sandwich, fries and pie to go so you can savor it in peace.One word.  AMAZING.Love The Apple Pan.  Love the ambiance.  Love the old diner feel.  Love the waiters (WE LOVE HECTOR!).We always get the original burger.  Apple relish is DELICIOUS.  At first you'll think it's a lot of lettuce.  But it's not.  It's the perfect, crispy, crunchy amount.  The fries are great.  And do not leave without a slice of that apple pie ala mode.  Seating is limited but patrons are generally VERY friendly and work together to make sure everyone is happy.The diner set up is fun, but its a fight-for-a-seat situation and cash only payment. The burgers are fine, but I ended up with an undercooked patty and an overwhelming four-trillion pieces of lettuce. I've definitely had better apple pie, too. Maybe it was an off night? Who knows. I'm glad I experienced the famous Apple Pan, but I probably won't be going back.These pies are great, but....  dessertdarling.com/2011/…Hickory burger, share fries, and share a slice of banana cream pie. The perfect meal.I don't understand why this place is so popular because the food is nothing special.  It is also very tiny and the food is overpriced for fast food.First-off let me say, I don't know who goes to a burger joint for good or friendly service. I certainly don't go to a FAST FOOD joint to sit, relax, and be pampered by my waiter. I go to get my food and get out quickly and easily, and that is the way they have always operated there.Ultimately it is about the food, and for a simple burger and fries this place is my favorite in LA. The meat is high quality, as is the cheese (cheddar not synthetic american). The lettuce and onions are always fresh and the fries are always cooked to my liking if I specify well-cooked/crispy (which I have to do at other restaurants anyway).Unlike others, I don't care if the burger is $1.50 more expensive than a place I don't like as much or if it's hard to find a seat (if you go alone you will almost always be able to sit at any time of day).In the end I have NEVER had a bad burger at Apple Pan, something I cannot say is true of every other burger joint I've been to more than once.The Hickory Burger with cheese is the best damn cheeseburger on the planet, that is not an opinion, it's a fact ;) I would give an index finger for their secret sauce recipe.One look at my profile and you know I LOVE cheeseburgers.  The five stars, obviously, means that I absolutely LOVE The Apple Pan!  Every time I go I alternate between the Steak Burger and Hickory Burger - both with cheese.  They're essentially the same, but the Hickory explodes a smoked BBQ volcano of flavor whereas the Steak satisfies on a more normal level.    I bring friends here who are unaware of all the hype.  Sometimes I tell them the food is good, other times I just order and eat.  Every single time though, they all end up with some kind of "MMM!" after the first bite.  One friend took a bite, exclaimed, "Oh my God!", and almost caused me to lose the fries in my mouth.    The fries are wonderfully done, can be fried to order, and compliment the burger well.  If you have room after the meal, try a slice of pie!  The Apple a la Mode is great, and the Banana Cream Pie takes the cake!    Don't let a packed house confuse you when you go.  Simply monitor who comes in AFTER you and grab a seat before them, haha.  You'll get the hang of it in no time, cause you'll be back for more!Very cool place to go too. Old school. More of a place you go to for the atmosphere than food. The burgers are great! Not crazy gourmet, just a standard cheeseburger. Pie is awesome! hence the name.Went there late night and went with a couple buddies while in the area.  We heard it was a hotspot for the rich and the famous.  I ordered a burger and it was great!  The burger was cooked well and it had two slices of cheese and a unique sauce on top of the burger.  I would definitely recommend hitting this spot up if you are in the area and are looking for an old school classic!The greatest meal in Los Angeles.Short line on a Saturday night.  Loved the hickory burger with their special sause.  It's a unique place.  The apple pie a lo mode was fantastic!I've been to Apple Pan a few times. I can say that their burgers are OK, high priced for what you get, but their pie is very good. I don't mind standing until a seat becomes available. Will go there again.the apple pan is a LA landmark. A real throw back to the 1960's..i personally do not love their famous hickory burger. it is just ok. however, for a change, try the tuna. It is outstanding. love the fries and the pies!RELISH PAN                                                    This place gets no STARS zero none at all this place is freaking disgusiting i ordered a STEAK BURGER more like RELISH BURGER! That burger was so nasty i didnt ask for relish on my burger yet the RELISH was bigger than the patty! i felt like i was eating a can of relish This place should be called ***** RELISH PAN***** There are the worst burgers i ever had in my entire 26 years of living on this earth! IN N OUT beats this place with 5 stars The burgers are small as hell and you cant even see the cheese in it all you can see is the huge stack of relish! stop pumping this place up they are not good at all!!!! The fries suck as well they taste like the frozen fries that come from a ralphs refrigerator basic flavorless fries! just nasty i was so mad at this APPLE PAN place!!!!I've been a westsider for 9 years and still haven't tried this joint, so today I broke the ice.  Quarter of 12 on a Sunday so parking and seating no problem.  I like the vibe inside the place, and yes, there is kind a soup nazi style to the servers as others have mentioned.  I figure that's just how they roll here so I go along with it. Bottom line, fries are OK, the burger is really good, but it was almost $20 with a slice of pie to go (and only water to drink) and a couple of bucks for the server.  Too much, give me the Habit or Fatburger any day.  I see no need to go back.And while we're at it, what will it take to get a Habit on the Westside?!?!I love apple pan, but I get a little mad when they are out of banana cream pie!There's only like 3 burgers to choose from so don't expect a very wide selection. They were pretty tasty though. Come back for a good BBQ burger!Cash only.Hickory burger gets a thumbs up.  The fries, a thumbs sideways: you'll eat them cause they're there, but they're not that good.  The apple pie gets a thumb mostly down.  Kinda dissapointing.  But add in the overall coolness and authenticity of the place, and it's a winner.This place is legit. I ordered the steak burger and it's as advertised. It was very good, but I'm not sure if it is the best burger - taste is subjective. You can argue that In-N-Out burger is better, but you can't say that same place has been open since the 1940s and represents what LA is all about.This spot is a very historical LA eatery and is worth visiting, just to see. There's something about going to a place that has been around for ages that makes the experience great. The only complaint is the apple pie - I've had apple pie a la mode that is just as good, if not better. The $7 price tag doesn't help the cause very much. To sum it up, I would highly recommend this place just because it's part of old LA and it's something to see/do. It's not every day that you can grab a burger and fries at the counter, especially if the place isn't part of a chain.Parking is kind of hard to find.I agree with earlier review- not a good place to take a group. I think 3 people is the biggest group I'd ever try to bring to Apple Pan.It was really busy, seating took a while, and so did ordering. However, the food came fast, and it was pretty good. The apple pie a la mode was EXCELLENT (though, we only ordered the pie, not the ice cream. It was so busy that we just ate the ice cream than wait for them to bring us a new one).Ultimately, I think this place is over-rated. We've been told by many different friends that this place has the best burgers and that we HAD to try this place. Now I can say I tried it - but I'm not going to spread the gospel that this place is amazing.The one thing I will say about the Apple Pan is that it is consistent. I started going there when I lived and worked in LA almost 20 years ago. I'm now in the bay area and haven't been back in years. However, on a recent trip I decided to take my husband (who is from the east coast). It looks the same and the food is the same. We ordered the hickory cheeseburgers with fries. After his first bite he said "this is the best burger I have ever had." I don't know what they do or how they do it, and I'm not even a big burger eater, but those hickory burgers are unbelievable.I have to  say....this place is REAL!! man!! For a good ole burger....I'd go there in a heartbeat....and their apple pie is pretty decent, the wait is a little long if you get there at their rush! But other than that, decent service, good food...old diner's style, people who work there seem like they own the place, they're probably there since day one and they're quick and price point is affordable! love it!"Burger Bar" is correct...not a "relaxing" dining spot. This is a mini-version of "Johnny Rockets" with the same ownership, I believe.Great fries, burgers, and apple pie...but a bit pricey and because you are sitting at a small counter only (no tables) it can be a bit crowded and rushed. But this is an L.A. institution...so take it for what is is worth! Also...cash only!Wow!  Apple Pan is yummy!  The food is awesome, fast, and the joint is clean.  But- BEWARE, expect to wait a few minutes if you are with another person, or even longer if your party is 3+.  This place has a counter and everyone gathers waiting for people to leave.  This is a cash only place.  Highly recommend getting yellow chiles with your burger!  Check out this place if you are in the mood for a good burger, going off times like between lunch and dinner definitely have a much shorter wait, sometimes no wait at all!Great burgurs, best pie in all of LA!Famed to be the best in the West.....I beg to differ. The place is small-only counter seating, and the food isn't so great. For starters, the menus are tiny, as is your $6.95+ burger. My apple pie was also cold. Shame. If that isn't enough to turn you away, they only take cash.After reading all the reviews on here and veiwing pictures of their food on here one night a got major urge to try it out so I went her day after. I went here on a sunday with high expectasions of getting to eat one of the best burgers I've had, and I must say it was.I got two Hickory burgers (because i never get full on one) with fries and for dessert their apple pie with icecream. SUPERGOOD!!!! I will most definitly go back here. But it was expensive, my order came up to $26, don't ask me how, But I wanna try their banana cream pie next time, and i will for sure get the Hickory burger again, NO DOUBT.Though the wait can be long here, but what do you expect? A place with these amazing food, it would almost be weird if the line was short.The staff will also expect you to know what you are going to order, so be sure to know what you want before walking up to place your order, if you're taking it ''to go''. The guy who took my order wasn't the happiest guy on earth, but I was their for the food.But all in all, i STRONGLY recomend this place.This magnificent resource makes the best hamburgers in the world, and it's often crowded, with lousy parking, but you're with hamburger epicures who'll drive 40 miles for a lettuce-wrap Hickory Burger, or 2, and salivate as the best french fries in the world tempt you to forget dieting for a day.  Thank goodness, they're 40 miles away.  The staff doesn't change, nor the decor, but the food is fresh and scrumptious.  This place is for eaters, not to impress your girl friend.Been coming here for decades, and for generations.  My father introduced me to the simple burgers done right, shoestring service, and etiquette of eating quickly to give up the seat for those impatiently waiting along the wall.  Order a slice of apple pie with cheddar cheese on top (at the same time as your burger, out of consideration to the staff and those waiting).  The neighborhood has been built up and developed and Coffee Bean/Panda Express/LA Fitness saturated.  Enjoy this timeless burger joint, you will be glad you made the effort.Went there about a week ago there hickory burger is delicious fries are ok not the best but the bannana cream pie was awsome. I would love to come back here and try there other things. Very old school place they serve the drinks in like a triangle dentist cup with a metal holder. The cash register is antique and cool lookingPerfect cheeseburger, delicious special sauce.  Quick service.  Wonderful banana cream pie.Best burger in LA.  Very casual atmosphere and great service by the guys behind the counter - the ketchup flows like water in this place.Yea, it is nice to have such an old place still around, but the food is way over rated. I didn't find the burgers to be all that good, my fries were over done and the apple pie was nothing special.  Now, it wasn't bad, it just didn't live up to it's reputation. I couldn't see myself going back.The Apple Pan has to be among my favorite places EVER! Probably because I've been going there about every 2 months since I was 4 years old and ever since then it's been a favorite. Tragically enough, I recently gave up both pork and red meat, so coming to the Apple Pan has been put on hold. (Vegetarians beware! There are no options ..except for a decent grilled cheese for you). But, for those who love a great, not at all fussy, all american cheeseburger, this is definitely the place for you.Not to mention the fries are always hot when you get them and the pies are AMAZING!Do NOT come here. This place is definatly way too overrated. You walk in and get the nice feeling of an old restaurant, you see the kitchen, and you can see their "famous" pies being made. The server was not very polite, did not ask if I wanted anything, just stared at us. We finally got in our orders, then we get our fries within two minutes. They look good, but looks can be decieving. We get our burgers, but once again are disappointed. Got a slice of apple pie and it was very plain. About half an hour later my stomach is growling and gurgling. Overall this place is bland, and for the price paid I expected better. If you want a burger with flavor, and without the overwhelming stomach pains then go to The Counter, or even In n Out.Best burger in LA.Best tuna sandwich in LABest pie in LA.I have been frequenting the Apple Pan since 1990 when it was first introduced to me. The Hickory Burger is easily the best burger I have ever had. Everything about it is absolute GOLD including but not limited to:The quality of the beefThe hand-cut super-cold lettuceThe tang of their signature Hickory sauceThe Tillamook cheddarThe fact that is is served in wrapped paper and not on a plateI can go on and onTheir tuna sandwich is clutch. The tuna salad has a sort of sweetness to it that you don't find often, I think they may make it with either sweet pickles or relish... anyways it's just out of this world GOOD. Also, you get a side of olives and sweet pickles on the side that taste excellent with random bites of the sandwich.Their pies are amazing. The apple pie is served at room temperature/maybe even lukewarm, and if you opt to get it with the fresh, whipped cream (YES, they have FRESH, whipped cream... not the canned crap) expect your taste buds to experience a nirvana that will make your eyes roll back into your head. I've also had their banana cream pie, chocolate cream pie, and pecan pie. I have to say, they are the masters of their domain... namely pie manufacturing. It's probably worth getting an entire pie to take home instead of a slice because of the cost. An entire pie will run you roughly $18-20 whereas a slice will cost around 5-6 bucks. I've previously ordered an entire pie and had them take out a slice to eat there, but last time our guy said he was unable to do that.. Regardless, I'll give it another shot next time.The atmosphere is pretty neat... kinda hard to explain but I'll try... imagine walking into a 50's no frills diner with muted colors (not like Johnny Rockets where everything looks all shiny). Looks 50's but make no mistake, the Apple Pan attracts a random mix of people from all walks of life. The workers are all business, don't expect to have a full-fledged conversation with any of them as they are extremely busy making sure everyone is cared for. The honor system applies as you wait for your seat(s), so make sure to look around to see who is before you. If you have a party of 3 or more, you might have to wait a little longer to sit. Oh, and they only take CASH so don't be breaking out the checkbook.Enjoy!If you've never been here, get your butt down...you won't regret it...burger, tuna sandwich, fries, grilled cheese....whatever you order...you won't be disappointed.  The sign says "Quality Since 1947" and they mean it.  If Apple Pan vanishes and you haven't tried it, it's your loss.  Cheap, fast, great food and a slice of LA from when Westside Pavilion was a park.You don't go to Applepan for the food, but you do go for the authentic time warp experience.  Definitely worth your time for a snack (I never think of the place for a meal per se...maybe a small dinner).Order the Hickory Burger.Maybe it's because I'm not super adventurous when it comes to food (my boyfriend accuses me of liking 'kid food'), but this is seriously my FAVORITE place for burgers in LA.  I can't get behind Umami (bf's fave) and the Counter is alright (our compromise).  But seriously.  I dream of the Hickory burger.  The seating doesn't bother me, you usually don't have to wait long if it's just 2 or 3 people, and most people are accommodating to move down a chair if it makes two spots next to each other open up.What's not to like about apple pan?  and their  hickory bacon cheese burger is the best.  We loved that they got their A rating back.After reading about this place in Sunset Magazine, and hearing my grandfather and uncle talk about it, I decided to try this Los Angeles classic. I didn't realize that I'd be waiting for a stool for 20 minutes, when I finally sat down and ate it was good.  I had a burger and a Sprite. The food wasn't bad, the service was very rushed.  I hate being rushed by the people that I'm paying.  The environment is not relaxing. When I went to pay at one of their two cash registers, they told me that they couldn't take my money at that register, I had to push myself through all the people waiting in line and pay at the other register.  It was bizarre.  My rating reflects the service and experience, not so much the quality of food.tried it once since we live near by. Excited at first but then the hamburgers started to taste like apple according to my 14 year old son. Sadly wont be backThe hickory burger, fries, root beer and apple pie from The Apple Pan would without question be my last meal.overpriced!Everytime I think of having a burger (which isnt often) I think of this place. There may be a line but thats a good sign, so wait! The hickory burger is the best and theres nothing like the banana cream pie.XX jessicaI don't eat beef, and I still dream about this place. The banana cream pie is the best I've ever had. It has that diner pie charm. Also love the decor. Modern stuff is so generic and heinous.Service is great, hickory burger is awesome, very traditional style, and every time you go it will be exactly the same!  This place is a classic and anyone comparing this to in and out, or any other fast food is straight up wrong.  It is a class in itself.  The price could be slightly lower but the quality of the meat and the experience makes up for it.  I am definitely a fan!After shopping at the West Side Pavilion, my boyfriend and I decided to head over since it has been a known establishment with high reviews. The counter space wait can be annoying, but what really did it for me was how we were treated once seated. WE HAVE NEVER BEEN here before so the logical thing was to read through the menu, and yes we had a question about the burgers. The grumpy gentleman taking our order must have been annoyed, and walked away to get our drinks. He comes back asking if we are ready and he never answered our question which I believe was what the difference was between two of the burgers. The waiter blatantly displayed how annoyed he was and at this point I was ready to walk out after giving him a piece of my mind, but my BF just told me to chill and try it out. The burgers were so so rating it 2 stars, nothing extraordinary. I really want to give this place 1.5 stars is strictly for the rude service, so 2 stars is being generous. I literally had to leave my BF to pick up the bill because I wanted to tell the grumpy waiter off so bad, and it takes a lot for me to be that pissed. I work in customer service, and understand how important it is to be friendly even if you've worked here for over 20+ years to retain customers in this economy.too crowded, never got to try the food.no fancy-smancy stuff going on here, its only counter service - u face in toward the  grill. the menu is one page you have about 6 options. and then there's the PIE. burgers come wrapped in wax paper, the fries in a paper boat. pie gets a porcelain plate we ran in about fifteen minutes before closing and asked them if they were still serving, the waiter in a paper hat shuffled around glanced at the clock. "yeah we still got time."  he slaps the order ticket down in front of us , the boyfriend orders the hickory burger w/cheese, pecan pie (they were OUT of apple, i was heart broken) and fries. i got the egg salad.  we had no sooner said yes to the fries when i saw a cook throw some into the fryer- these guys are pros. Dont expect mega-watt smiles from the staff, they look like been here since the place opened. its old school and it aint changing anytime soon. check out the  tartan wall while feeding ur face with pie. our fries came out and the waiter slid a paper plate out and with a flick of the wrist poured a jenn-size serving of ketchup (pro-fess-ion-NAL!!) the burger was a hit and so was the pie. my egg salad sammich was a generous amount of salad served on wheat with lettuce and black olives on the side.  YAY!! its a wee 'spensive for some items, but its open late and service is lightening fast.  vegans - look elsewhere the only meat-free options are egg salad and swiss cheese sammichs. one of the chefs smiled at us as he put up the "closed" sign- which also looks like its been here since the building went up. the ride home i kept saying apple-pan, just cause its fun to say.After constantly driving past this location numerous times, I finally gave it a try.  Due to a lack of food options after 10pm, we decided to try this place and see what the hype was all about.  Walking in you aren't told to have a seat, given menus or paid much attention to.  Little did I know that this would be the type of service during our whole visit.  We decided to order the steak burger and hickory burger which I suppose are their most popular items on their menu along with fries.  The fries came out piping hot and were quite fresh and probably the only service we receive was the pouring of our ketchup for our fries.  The burgers came out wrapped in paper like In-n-Out and also tasted similar to In-n-Out except that it had more sauce and had a more BBQ grill taste to the burger.  I had hoped our mediocre experience would be saved by their famous apple pie with ice cream, but the pie wasn't out of this world either.  I had tried so hard to like this place and I was upset and disappointed....with extra charges for cheese, ice cream, and items being 4 times as pricey as In-n-Out, I rather just grab an animal style burger and fries for less than the price of a single burger at this location.Well, I know this is an institution of sorts, but I'm just not gettin' it.  Thank goodness it was a rainy day because we would have been otherwise out the door.....both in terms of there being a long line, and then leaving because of the line.  Today, we were able to park in their almost non-existent back lot (that tells you something right there!), and there were only 4 people ahead of us.  It should have been a great meal just based on that alone.  It's all counter space and maybe 15-20 seats tops.  I didn't count exactly.  For all the hype, It was just okay, but the food didn't send me into a tailspin of joy, either.  I'm still trying to figure out what I seemed to be missing.  The apple pie was definitely dull for me.  It didn't have the wonderful flavor I was hoping to find upon cutting into it.  If anything, it was barely sweet and actually rather flat, to be honest.  It definitely didn't have enough cinnamon for my liking, and the crust was just "eh."  I was bored.  I hate being bored with my food, esp. something sweet !!  I found the french fries to be flavorless, as well.  Absolutely lacking.  As for my tuna sandwich, I was actually rather pleased with it, and trust me, it's not the star of the show there.  Everyone goes for the burgers, certainly not a tuna sandwich.  I happened to like it, and I think part of what made it so good was that I asked them to add grilled onions to an otherwise cold sandwich.  (You should have seen the look the guy gave me when I asked.......he even repeated it........"You want grilled onions on a tuna sandwich?".......with a look like "you're crazy lady.")  It was the only food item I liked, to be honest, and ironically, I think it was the grilled onions that  REALLY made it taste good.  Strange combo but with really positive results.  I was also pleased with the plentiful portion of tuna they served.  They didn't scrimp on that.  Everything else?  Eh.Had seen this place on food network years ago  and was so excited to try the apple pie. What a disappointment! First of all, it was $19 for  the pie. The crust was all stuck to the pan and tasted pasty and just yucky! They also give yoj a container of juice drippings from the pie. weird & tasteless. The only thing that was food about it was the taste of the apples. It was a total waste of money.  Would not recommend it!A neighborhood staple since the '40s. In a city already oversaturated with burger joints, this one is THE classic, the kind of totally unpretentious lunch counter that's just so hard to find these days. People who didn't grow up around here might not see what all the big hoopla is, but I hope my grandkids get to appreciate this place as much as my grandparents did.I have been here 2 times and left without eating because I could not handle the wait.  It is one thing to wait forever to eat at a fancy, hip, trendy place, but to wait in line at this diner was too much for me.  I have decided to come off my high horse to try it another time since the dudes from that foodie blog EatMeCalifornia.com raved about it.   Apple Pan was so delicious that I would eat here every day if I lived in this area, but then I would have to sign up for the biggest loser show because my ass would be so big that it wouldn't fit in coach.  I would eat this burger even if they told me it was horse meat - it was that awesome!  I got the original burger, fries and pecan pie.  The fries were kinda soggy like they didn't cook them long enough.  The burger may have been one of the best burgers ever.  The buns were grilled nicely; the meat was sooo juicy and pink in the middle, the lettuce was fresh and crispy, the cheese was the Tillamook cheddar that you get on the Johnny Rockets burgers, and then it was topped with pickles, relish, ketchup and mustard.  Service was somewhat friendly, but more importantly it was fast.  I am so bummed that I did not get to try the chocolate or banana pie, instead I got the suck ass pecan pie.  This means I have to drive all the way out here again and play the musical chair madness.This was my first time at the old dilapidated little building on Pico and Santa Monica. I happened to be passing by at lunch time last Saturday and stopped in to experience what the rave was all about, because everyone seems to have been there and says it has the best burgers in LA. I got a hickory burger, fries, and a slice of banana pie. Amazing hickory taste in the burger, fris eeh, and the pie was a yummy homemade style pie with real bananas in it. The place is small you sit on a stood at a u shaped bar which fills up fast. (I felt like I was in some kind of online food server game.) They have great speedy service (your server and cook is never further than 10ft away). The crowded, well luckily I got there before the crowd, people will pile in and stand at the back for what seemed like too long for a quick burger. Fantastic burger for about 6.50. If you have the urge and happen to be in town, I would still recommend preordering and taking the food to go if you can.  Don't forget to bring cash.I LOVE this place, I have never been anywhere else like it and I love that about it!!! From the U-shaped seating arrangement , to the grill in the middle where you get to watch all the food being made, and the little cone shaped paper cups in the metal conatiners with the ice with the holes in the middle (my favorite kind of ice shape!)...it's all badass in my opinion! The burgers and fries are super yummy, and the perfect size-50's style not giganticle like we are used to nowadays (which is way to big in my opinion). I guess if you are paranoid and have a problem with people looking at you, then this is not the place for you...The people who are waiting for seats (there is always a wait) stand behind you...but the staff is very polite and friendly. Perfect dining choice for before (or after) a movie at the Landmark or shopping. Try the pies! I had apple a la mode last time, it was delicious!I can not begin to explain how much I love this place. The very first time, we ended up there by accident. We were in westwood and weren't in the mood for Iranian food, so we looked up on yelp and found apple pan! We went in and ordered hickory burgers, the taste was awesome, the service was even better although my wife was at first surprised to see that she gets nothing back from the waiter when she says "thank you" very sincerely.. Now she loves the place and even loves the attitude. We go back at least once a month and I know we would eat there more if we were a bit closer!I was stuck in traffic on a Friday night on the 405, so I decided to come here because I was in nearby Culver City. Coming here, I had very high expectations. I've heard about this place through friends and also saw it on TV watching ABC college football featured eateries. Not sure why it's so great. Maybe the pies are spectacular, but I didn't have any. Well this place I felt like it was a overpriced diner styled, fast-food quality restaurant. It has a nice 50's atmosphere, where you have this old man as your cashier. This place gets crowded so I just go take out. I ordered the hickory burger with cheese, and fries...it already came out to $9.80!!! DANG!!! The burger was over-sauced, had a nice hickory flavor, and the tillamook cheese adds to the sharpness. Also the lettuce is fresh, crispy and amazing. However for that price, I'd expect more. It's slightly an upgrade of Mickey D's. It's hard to give the burger anything higher than a 4! The fries however were AMAZING!! Crispy, hot...and you could fill the freshness of it. I can't explain. It's diner-style fries but delicious!!! 5++! But you go to Apple Pan for the pies and burgers, and I wasn't really impressed with the burger hence the 3.sucks. crowded with a bs non-policy on how to get a seat. bunch of jerk regulars attempting to dictate who gets to sit and where, what the rules are for waiting, etc. don't need it. left.It's been three years since I've had my first share of Apple Pan burger and let me tell ya, our relationship is still running strong!!! Til this day, I'm still very much attached to her. Her sweet taste of hickory sauce, still sassy.  Her savory buns, still stunning, not flawless, but doesn't fall apart and still holds their shape. Her cheese might make a bold statement, but not over powering enough to make you surrender, making you to leave all her other features unnoticed. But that's optional in case you have days where you want her to be a bit more gentle.  How about that cold crunchy lettuce wedge of hers? It just go so well with the rest of her features. To me, she's just the right size. Not too small, nice firm thickness, not overwhelmingly large. She's like the Scarlett Johansson of burgers. Always looking sexy, undeniable whenever she's all wrapped up seductively in her white bed sheet. The occasion wait to see her and taste her is pretty damn worthy.When we first moved to LA from NJ when I was 10, we lived about six blocks south of the infamous Apple Pan. It wasn't long before I tried it for the first time, it was a Hickory Burger and I thought it was fantastic.I loved the Diner style counter, the hats the employees wore, the paper cone cups that they pour you coke in to and the organization in which they all did their job.  It was great to be there.  A few years later we moved to Hawaii where I spent the next ten years but never forgot the Apple Pan, so when I returned to L.A. I was comforted to see that absolutely nothing has changed including the waiters and cooks, who apparently have been there for decades and they still are!  I still get a chance to go now and then and I still smile when I see the same guy as I did when I was ten, flipping burgers.  Now that's comfort food.  I understand that the owners would not sell when the area was being redeveloped and the mall was build and they have resisted offers over the years to expand or move.....they just don't want it to change. Neither do I.You will wait for a table most of the time.  You will have trouble parking and you won't have the best variety of items, just burgers mostly and homemade apple pie ala mode which is not to be missed.  But than again, nothing that is worth it is easy.  I understand why some cynics have negative things to say about AP..You need to be able to slow down from our cell phone age and take a breath and wander back to a time before computers and iPods, you just may find something that you can enjoy without the approval of the beautiful people.I've been to the Apple Pan throughout my life. But I've finally decided to write à review. The coffee here is the best I've had at any traditional American diner. The fries are crispy and bland;so you can get creative with the condiments. I like the steak burger, but I am not fond of the sweetness of the hickory burger. I recommend this restaurant anytime they're not crowded.best hamburger in the cityWhile I have heard many places tout the Apple Pan as one of the best burger places in Los Angeles I was less than pleased by my experience. Instead of a near orgasmic experience that I was promised I found the burgers to be messy and nothing out of the normal. To be honest In N Out serves a far better burger for much less.Or if you want a little more sit down try the Oyster House in Moorpark.  Honestly there are so many better burgers in LA.  The Apple pan burger was a bit of a failure, but Apple Pan did have some hidden treasures still. Their french fries were excellent. But it should be noted that even when fries are good they are never really life changing. Still all the same the fries were solid. But what you go to Apple Pan for is the Pie...rich creamy and overall delicious. Add the ice cream and it is a solid desert for fewer than five dollars.  This place may be best for a late night apple pie fix. I would skip out on the actual food though.Wifey and I are headed toward UCLA, looking for a pho place. No luck. We have an appointment, clock is ticking, it's a cloudy LA day, and I see this old building, a couple of white triangle paper hats on the top of a couple of guys heads barely visible through the windows, and I think phorget the pho. We stop, no yelp checking, nothing. We walk in and the vibe, well, you can tell nothing has changed in this room except people's underwear. It was about 11 am, no line, we belly up to the counter, burger and apple pie a la mode for me, egg salad for my wife. Simply a total throw back place, you can almost sense the history here. I see a guy behind the counter give an elderly customer a bag of apples, just for the heck of it. Soon, I bite into the burger and can't believe my taste buds-simply one of THE best burgers I have EVER had. I am from the midwest originally. When the pie was served, I swear, it took me back to Thanksgivings at grandma's house. I could go on and on, any haters of this place deserve the fast food hell they so love. I found this place to be amazing, and charming, and had no idea it was such an LA institution...and rightfully so.mediocre at best.  over-hyped.  if i'm craving a quick fix for a burger i'd rather go to the Counter, Fatburger, or In-n-OutAwesome.  An institution and rightly so.  A must have every time I am in L.A.I tried out the hickory burger, it came out to$7.75. It was good but not worth the price. When I eat burgers I have a tendency to compare them to in-n-out. If they are pricier, they had better have something special that makes them stand out. These burgers were good but did not stand out.Really fast service. The burgers are just like In-n-out, but not quite as good. The setup was like a bar; you just sit down and the waiter will take your order. This is troublesome if you want to have your burger there because of the limited seating, but we just took our burgers to go. If you're craving a burger, you might as well go to In-n-out, avoid the line, and have a better burger.A-W-E-S-O-M-E burgers and fries! There is no way you won't appreciate this old school favorite! Go for the experience and flash back to a time when things were just simpler! Love, love, love this place!!!this tiny hole in the wall has been here for a long time. personally, i like their apple pie and that's all i really go for. have it ala mode. it's so tasty when it's got its warm flaky crust and some ice cream. i think it's a real treat. also, their banana cream pies are really good. you should try it.Such a trip. You def should come here at least once. Came for lunch at bf's urging, so we were able to get a seat very easily, though I hear that normally it is crazy packed. I got such a kick out of how no nonsense and NO frills the whole experience was: you sit down and immediately are asked (rushed through) your order. You'd better know exactly what you want. Then in what seems like the blink of an eye your food is slapped down on the counter in front of you. Literally. That was my favorite part. That and when he violently threw ketchup on a little plate for our fries. The food is ok; very typical old-timey fries and grilled cheese and burgers. I liked how hot and melty my grilled cheese was, and how it came with sweet pickle slices instead of dill, but they could def scale back on the amount of cheese. And butter. Overall I had fun in this surprisingly charming little bare bones landmark, and I think you will, too.bad fries...great little burger dive. this place has been around for years and is only made up of an open kitchen surrounded by a counter for patrons. any of the burgers are great...and u can order the fries extra crispy or get cheese fries (but only if u like A LOT of oily cheese). the service is fast but i wouldn't say it's friendly. it's not cheap either, but i think we pay the price for the old school charm. all in all, i still think this place is fantastic. they know burgers and how to make them right.ps. save room for dessert: apple pie a la mode or banana cream pie is dee-lish!my boyfriend took me here for burgers and it was prettty good :) ! the only down side about this place is..it is verrry small!! it's just one big table in a semi-circle. you have to wait until people are done eating then you get to sit. when you are seating and ordered..you can actually see your burger being made..lol :D oh..their dessert here is also very good :) the people that work here is old..its pretty cute watching them use this old cash register!! (that takes only cash)When I think of overrated i think of places like this.  People coming in for the first time might think it's an awesome experience because it's so different from what you might be used to.  i mean it's interesting in an LA sort of way.  you have to get your own table and you sit at a counter instead of a table.  everything is a little retro...  i can appreciate ambiance and decor but somehow this place lacks heart and character...the prime suspect for this fault probably lies in the food.  there's no warmth or charm to it.  worst of all, there's not much taste either.I'm told that it's not, but i wouldnt be surpised if the patty was previously frozen.  maybe they just do not use high quality ingredients...  or maybe they need to use bigger, juicier patties because all i remember tasting was lettuce and ketchup....in any event, Go to In and Out for a much better tasting burger at half the cost.Hands down my favorite burger joint in Los Angeles. I LOVE the ambiance: casual and classic.my friend raved about it but it's just another burger diner style.  similar to 5 guys and quite messy.  i also had a piece of their hot apple pie with a scoop of vanilla icecream and that was better than the burger honestly...The Best burgers!!!  I have been going here for many years and the food is alway the same.  GREAT!  Try the hickory burger, it's the best!Left side or right side? That question is the first choice greeting hungry diners as they enter the 62-year old Apple Pan - which side of the holy line etched into the Formica horseshoe counter that demarks each waiter's turf do I want to sit on? Do I want, on most weeknights, Manny - with his rapid speech, characteristic "right away" to any request, and tendency to ramble on with longtime customers - or Gordon - aging and somewhat cantankerous, but never without a friendly word to his regulars? Both will literally slam your burger, wrapped in old school butcher paper, on the counter in front of you and fling ketchup onto a pulp-paper plate. Choosing between the classic steakburger with a tangy relish and the hickoryburger with a slightly smoky ketchup-based sauce, is a toss up but neither choice will disappoint. Both patties are made from a secret blend of ground chuck and other cuts of meat and served medium-well and as juicy as can be with a perfect crusty exterior from the original flattop griddle. A pat of lettuce adds a refreshing crunch to the almost-inexplicably good burger; perhaps some of the "quality forever" comes from the 40's nostalgia that surrounds the entire Apple Pan experience but eventually it all comes down to the burger, to the perfect lean-to-fat ratio, to the single slice of melted Tillamook cheddar, the way the separate elements of the burger work together to form one memorable taste. The fries are served crisp and piled high; the sodas still served in the same paper cones that were used when the restaurant opened in 1947. The finishing touch is pie, made in the back everyday.despite being recommended by the server, the hickory burger was ok, but nothing to write home about. the steakburger and banana cream pie were delicious - always smart to go with classics. the seating arrangement limits conversation, and the lurkers hovering make for a rushed experience. we were in and out in approximately 30 minutes. overall, overpriced and overhyped, but nice to say we've been there.Overpriced and mediocre at best. I finally tried this place since I've read about being on so many top 10 lists for burger joints in L.A. What a huge disappointment. Anyone who puts this place on a list for best burgers needs to consult a doctor, because something is seriously wrong with their tastebuds. I went with three friends and our bill came out to $70 and we didn't eat that much. It honestly feels like getting robbed. There are so many better burger joints in Los Angeles that will cost you less and not leave you dissapointed. One thing I noticed about the clientele is that it is mainly composed of tourists who are ignorant about the taste and old people. Old people who have clearly lost their tastebuds over the years. Seriously, if you've never been here before, don't go. Stay away and save your money. You're better off going to Mcdonald's than this place. You've officially been warned. I forgot to mention, not only are their burgers mediocre (the fries are meh), but so are their pies. Anyone who gives place 5 stars has got to be a paid/fake review or heavily medicated off the supply from their local street pharmacist.The first time I ate there was with my dad, back in the early 80's.  He had told me about this place for years, I had already eaten at a couple of other places similar to it.  But this place is still the best, whenever I am in LA I make sure that I make a trip to The Apple Pan.   Excellent burgers and great pie.  Since my grandmother lived near their and whenever I was down there doing work she also took me.  The only thing that I can say that is bad is the parking situation...  Its Horrible...Their paper cups are strange, and the guy helping us seemed very indifferent to us first-timers but very considerate to the regulars.This is another old school place.  If it isn't broke, don't fix it, right? The place looks like an upscale shack on PIco, and you sit at a U-shaped counter that surrounds the busy hamburger cooks.  Walking in, you'll be lucky if you can grab one of the stools at the counter without much of a wait.  You'll also have to make sure to claim your now-occupied stool in advance by hovering over the poor diner.  My waiter, and older gentleman was a little gruff, but he was quick and efficient.  The burgers came pretty quickly; I ordered the hickory burger, which had a good amount of hickory sauce--not too much to overwhelm everything else.  The lettuce and tomatoes tasted very fresh.  All and all a pretty solid burger, but it reminded me in a way of In-N-Out's burgers.  If you were to beef up (haha) In-N-Out's portions a little and add some hickory sauce, you might get something like an Apple Pan burger.  In any case, the thickness of the hickory burger's patty in particular gave it that slight restaurant burger feeling.  The french fries were great--cut to a medium thickness, just enough salt not to require ketchup, though a little more crispy than other places.  Given that I like my fries a little crunchy, I dug these fries.  They serve soft drinks in paper snow cone type cups that are held in metal goblets.  I'm not entirely sure, but I thought I noticed that they were reusing the metal goblets without washing them, but at least if you are using the contraption properly, your mouth should never come into contact with the goblet, anyway.  I was too full to try their apple pie, but maybe next time.they really only have two things on the menu with apple's.Hickory burger is way better than the Steakburger, when I go back I need to get some pie and a hickory burger. Cream soda is a plus too hahaApple Pan... oh man, where can I start?  Delicious burgers, great service (or at least the most entertaining service) and the best pie in LA.  For your best bets get: Hickory Burger, fries, and a slice of Apple Pie (or their delectable Banana Creme Pie)-- although this place is a once and awhile place for me because all that above will run you 20+ dollars with tax and tip.  Until I write that million dollar screenplay, I'll never get to come here as often as I would like to...First things first, in order to appease the Apple Pan junkies, I think everyone should go to this place, at least once, because it IS an LA landmark, but don't expect greatness.  The last time I went, seating wasn't a problem, and even if it was, it wouldn't affect my rating.  The reason I feel 3-stars is valid in this case is because of the price, the taste,  the selection, and the quality.  First the price-to me the prices they charge are outrageous for what they serve and also the fact that they are a cash-only establishment.  Soda, for example, is served in a kitschy paper cone (and I always appreciate kitsch), but they give you a can from a costco wholesale box (which is right in front of you) and charge you more than a buck for it.  At least give me refills or hide the box of cans, or both.  Furthermore, the burgers are far from outstanding, and my onion was so overwhelming I found it almost unpleasant to eat.  Also, the patties are small, there is no tomato (not even if you ask), and the fries are just good, not great.  Obviously, the location adds to the price, but unless the 90-year old waiters are getting some huge pensions for their kids when they die from a lack of lycopene, the prices need to go down, for me to keep coming, at least.The food is so fresh you can watch them make it from your seat at the counter. The burgers, fries and pies are some of the best in the city. I really recommend the hickory burger, but all burgers are great. Feel free to request to have your fries crispy or not. The staff has worked their for many years are real pros. The parking is not great and it can get crowded as the only seats are at the counter, but the food is worth it. My favorite pie is the banana cream. Apple Pan is a classic!I mean, for a history lesson this place is OK. The burgers are alright. I still prefer In N Out, and it's cheaper.  You have to wait a long time to find seats at the apple pan bc it's small, and the parking is a hassle.  Just go for the Double-Double mannnn with a side of Animal Fries.if the cost of eating at this place were halfed, then the rating would go up by 2 more stars. everything here is very mediocre. it's weird 'cuz i grew up in san gabriel valley eating hamburgers from places that look like this but are 1000x less pretentious and the food is just as good, if not better. nothing tastes awful here, just very mediocre. the hamburger has a bit of hickory taste, and some say a bit of that apple pie flavor, but for the price you pay they're pathetic. the *acclaimed* apple pie is also very mediocre. factor in the (over)price they charge, this place is pretty terrible. maybe it's where the nouveau and superrich of west LA go for *cheap* burgers and feel *normal,* but for the average joes, totally not worth the money (or the wait)I will recount the story as we've told it repeatedly a few times.  At Apple Pan.  First of all it's across the street from the Westside Pavilion.  Parking limited-you can't park at the adjacent B of A, it's either Pico or the side streets.  Bring some cash.  We enter.  It's ALL counter seating and no hostess.  Ladies and gentleman, did you bring your pair with you today.  Cuz you'll need them.  It's a "first come first serve" policy and believe me, in Westside LA, peeps will try to hawk your seats.  Esp. if you have a party of more than 2.  So you hover and try to stride, while not looking like pacing, seeing if people are finishing up.  Wait.... we have a winner!  Yay!  We got seats....(deflation)  Oh, the rest of the party were outside.  No seats. This type of thing sucks.  Those of you that watched sitcoms in the 90s or are familiar with syndication will appreciate this.  You think the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld is a fictional character, right?  Could be, but the Burger Nazi is alive and well here, figuratively.  We sit.  I peruse the menu, so does FIL and DH.  Menu is very limited.  Two kinds of burgers, egg salad, grilled cheese, pies, fries separate.  Sodas on the menu.  The Burger Nazi propels his trusty notepad down onto the counter and speaks gruffly, and loudly, "What'll ya have!"  I'm astounded, mouth dropping.  DH begins to order in a drone-like tone, FIL follows.  I proceed to ask a question about the difference between the Hickory Burger and the other Steak Burger and....he's gone.  He's done a 180 and now is around the corner taking another order.  I'm getting PO'd.  He comes by later and pours the sodas (from cans) into paper cone Dixie cups (the kind from a 60s-70s water cooler, with aqua, brown, pink or mustard holders), sets them down like they're hot sh*t  before us, and asks me, "Ya ready now?"  So I order the hickory burger and fries and diet coke, because I'm afraid if I don't, I will probably not be eating today, or not at least in the next 4-6 hours. He then does his 180, restocks ice, fries, etc. and does his gruff routine all along the counter.  I think mostly locals come here, because everyone seems used to it.  I wonder, how is this not rude?  When the burger arrives, it's delicious.  Not too big, I'd say average, about a single from In'N'Out; cheese; smokey flavor; a BBQ'd flavor with a definite tomato-relishy type dressing on it.  It's so good.  The bun is soft and the beef, really fresh.  The fries are cut really thin and crispy, really hot and fresh, the serving is not large, like a McDonalds regular, and about as salty.  I'm feeling grateful for the service but also feel the weight of the stares behind me, people wanting seats.  Uh-oh, do they dare to order pie?  Well they did dare, and the pie is superb.  One of the best cherry pies a la mode I've ever tried!  DH loves it here.  If you can take the hovering, swooping in for seats and the Burger Nazi experience, go for it.  It's an LA institution but somehow it feels like it should be in NY.  I feel like this place really should be transplanted to Fairfax, it would fit in perfectly!  We've come back and I still really like it, but don't hesitate one bit when ordering!  No one does that damned hickory burger the same way...stupid Burger Nazi....Well after 10 years living on the westside and having a desire to come to the Apple Pan, I finally made it!!!  You walk in and feel like you fell into a time warp, but it's part of the appeal.  Unfortunately they have only counter space for about 30 people???  But they are good about being fast and the turnover seems pretty quick.  This definitely isn't a place you come with a huge group of people.  The menu is pretty simple, a couple of choices of burgers, side of fries, cokes, and pies!  We went for simple traditional cheeseburger and shared a side of fries and of course had to get a cream soda!  I was a little disappointed when they brought out our fries first because I thought to myself that I was going to eat them all before the food came. . .well I guess I should trust that they know there stuff. . .there was definitely plenty of fries to enjoy with my burger.  Burgers are served wrapped in paper and everything is on paper plates - less clean up.  Loved the sodas served in paper cones.  It was definitely one of my favorite burgers to date and the ambiance adds a nice touch too.good for the "steak and potatoes" crowd. it's basically in and out's cousin.wasn't in the mood for a burger but still had a good meal, very generous portion of the egg salad sandwich. felt like I left southern CA for a bit while in the restauranti love this place, partly because the burgers are the right size for my appetite, but mostly because of the novelty of having the cone cups for your soda (orange soda please!). the employees are always so so nice too!!My first two visits here were less than perfect.  My first time around, I ordered the highly acclaimed hickory burger and did not like it!  Tall Mexican ordered the original steak burger, of which I had a bite and decided I must order next time around.  Unfortunately, our next visit was a hungover Sunday morning and a burger was not in the cards.  So I ordered the ham and swiss combo sandwich instead.  Worse idea! Meanwhile, Tall Mexican is right next to me enjoying his Steakburger Part 2.  FINALLY, I force a third visit just so I can claim my own Steakburger and alas, we have 4 stars.  The Steakburger is very good, although for me nothing beats In-N-Out.  What really puts this place over the top fo rme are their fries - O-M-Godliness.  They are delicious.  They are cooked to the perfect tune of crunchy and almost crispy.  I crave those fries.  I also love the novelty of the cone shaped soda cups, but that is a minor detail.I heard a lot about this place from tv shows, magazines and friends. Its described as the best place for pie and one of the few original diner places that has been preserved in taste and flavor so I knew I had to try it. I got the hickory burger and the chocolate cream pie. I liked the pie much more than I liked the burger. Don't get me wrong the burger itself is delicious, the meat was cooked just right at medium rare and the hickory sauce is a good blend of bbq with a sweet and sour hint. What's preventing me from really liking it and giving this place 4 stars is that for $7 the burger was tiny. Most people probably would not really feel satiated by the burger. You eat it and then your left wanting more because it just wasn't enough. The pie was about $6 and I liked it much more because it was a generous sized pie and it was also delicious. The crust is crispy but at the same time flaky, my favorite kind of crust. The chocolate cream was dense but not overly sweet, very well balanced. I actually think that I could get full off of the pie alone because it is so rich but not on the burger. I think this place is still worth a try but it just didn't do it for me like I thought it would.no reason not to like them.  simple tasty burger.This is a really cute place near UCLA that has really preserved the classic burger look.  There are no tables of 2 or 4 here.  Instead everybody sits on these red retro stools around a U-shaped counter surrounding the 'kitchen' where the burgers, fries, drinks, and pies are prepared.  The burger itself was pretty good, but it definitely reminded me of an In-and-out burger with barbecue sauce, both in taste AND looks.  Drinks come served in the original cans that you pour into little white paper cones.  The winner of the night was definitely their banana cream pie.  Although this place seems to be named after another type of pie (apple), we enjoyed the banana cream pie much more.  The filling wasn't overly sweet or creamy, and was just the perfect balance of filling to pie crust ratio.  The apple pie wasn't too bad either.  We actually ordered a whole pie to go and ate it at a friend's place nearby.  When you open it up, it looks like a chicken pot pie, with the pie crust covering the entire top...except for a little hole in the middle.  It also comes with this sauce that we assumed you were supposed to pour into the hole?  All in all, this is a place is a place you come for the overall experience.  And the Pie.   Cash only!It's about time I wrote a review on this place! I've been a fan of this quaint, little burger joint for awhile now, but just got off my lazy ass long enough to write a review. The burgers here are A-MAZ-ING. I'm a huge foodie at heart, and I can say with certainty that this place has one of the best burgers I've ever tried in LA. I usually get the Hickory burger, which is stuffed with fresh ingredients and their special sauce (kinda tastes like BBQ, only better). I pair this with their freshly fried fries (how's that for an alliteration?) and an ice cold cola. Then, I finish this off with a fat slice of either their banana cream pie or their apple pie (can't go wrong with either). For a meal like this, unfortunately, it rings up to about $20, but trust me, it is worth it!The few qualms I have about this place are about the parking and the seating (or lack thereof). Their lot is TINY (I guess it's reasonable considering the restaurant itself is pretty much miniature-sized), and there aren't too many spots on the street. Sometimes, I'll park across the street at the mall, but it's an inconvenient walk. Inside the diner, there are only counter seats, no booths or tables. I wouldn't recommend coming here in a group larger than 3, especially during their busiest times: dinner and weekends. If you do, be prepared to wait a longggg time. One more thing, actually. I like good service when I go to a restaurant, and I just don't get that here. There's a grumpy old man who takes the orders and brings the food, and I don't think I've ever seen him crack a smile in the 5+ times I've been here. The first time, I figured he might've been having a bad day. Nope. Subsequent visits proved that he's just a grumpy old man. Now that I think about it, I think he's the owner?Anyway, I'm only docking off one star for those 3 imperfections, so I'd say I'm being pretty generous! I'll continue to come here for the heavenly burgers and pies, but probably only on weekdays and with 1-2 friends to avoid the long wait.Does not live up to the hype whatsoever. The ambiance has an early 1900s feel equipped with a cash register dating back to the Great Depression(like a previous yelper commented). The seating is a U-shaped bar which encircles the grill. My friend Joe and I both ordered the Steakburger w/cheese with two orders of fries. The old men servers were quick to take our orders. Our fries came out first. They were unseasoned on tiny gray biodegradable plates. I'm almost pretty sure they were frozen fries. Tasted like what you would like at just about any hole-in-the-wall burger joint (the same applies to the burger).  The burger was mostly filled with iceberg lettuce. The beef patty was average size, but didn't taste like anything...there was a hint of sweet-apple slash cinnamon flavor on the sauce that came slathered on the burger. I was pretty whatever on it. Maybe the Hickory burger would have been more appetizing, but I'm probably not coming back since it was about eleven dollars a person for passable food. In-N-Out beats this place, for sure.best banana cream pie i have had in ages. steakhouse burger somewhere between in-n-out and shake shack (yes shake shack is way better than in-n-out, and both are WAY WORSE than the burger at little owl, but thats not fast food...). i really want to give this place a 3.5 or lower because of the fact that they don't really have AC and it is like 10000 degrees inside the tiny restaurant, but then i would probably give it a 4.5 in the winter (wait is there such thing as winter in LA?) so it avgs to a 4. my intro into the socal burger scene. will update after i try out the burgers at counter & fathers office.There's an old man. He doesn't talk to you. awesome. If you can get an order in, he'll throw your burger on a piece of paper. sweet. Your soda comes in a stupid cone thing. neato. The fries are the same fries you can get at any generic restaurant, but you can order them extra crispy if you don't want them to taste like shit. Woot woot. they serve pie and pie with ice cream as one of their five options. Spectacular. They are making a killing off of unearned notoriety. Meh.Disgusting food and horrible service! Server had short responses and had a terrible "I really don't want to be here/I don't appreciate the business in this economy" attitude. The food is low quality and the food is over priced for the small portion. We could've gotten better quality and reasonably priced burgers from In N Out!one of my favorite places in LA. best banana cream pie, the hickory burger is amazing, very affordable, egg salad sandwich is delicious, i can't pick a favorite! everything is so good! my only complaint would be the seating arrangements... you always have to wait for a seat. but it is totally worth it, the staff is really friendly and it has that old time vibe all around it. this is an LA must!There's one waiter at the Apple Pan who is so consistently curt, yet so amazingly efficient, that all the others guys who work the U-shaped counter have to bear the weight of his reputation. Expect at least a ten minute wait for a seat at the counter-only seating, and figure out what you want - quick. Then, as you place your order for a steakburger, don't be alarmed when your waiter cuts you off and finishes your thought for you. When you've only got four things on a menu, with maybe four options on each one, how long do you think you could stand a hundred times a day, "uhhh, the... Uhhh." It's just a good thing this guy hasn't snapped yet and reached across the counter at some poor west sider and gone, "WHAT? WHAT THE CHRIST DO YOU WANT TO EAT? A BURGER? OR A FRIGGING BURGER? MORON!" Beverages served in the classic egg cups you had in school when you were five. And yes, make sure you get the apple pie. It's on the sign, dummy. It's good. The prices are shocking for being a lunch counter, but when you exist in the shadow of Nordstrom across the street I assume the real estate price is stratospheric. Two people eating burgers, drinks, and pie will have to shell out twenty five bucks. Whoa!this place is so cute. my boyfriend and i came at a good time and didnt have to wait to sit at the counter. the food is good and the menu is simple. the man who served us was super nice, he even poured out the ketchup for us. definite must eat place when you're in the area.overrated and expensive.the order.basic burgeras a historic restaurant, this place deserves at least 4 stars for surviving LA for this long. food-wise, although it might be one, if not the best basic burger i have had in LA, im not convinced its the best burger-especially with all the new competitors. i can see why maybe 20 to 30 years ago this might have been considered a great burger-it's a no frills, real fresh meat patty burger; the meat has the high quality texture that crumbles (though not as much as gourmet burgers). it's a great lunch time place. for the size of patty i think it's a bit overpriced but i guess that's where branding has a hand at this historic joint. i must say this place is a bit overrated from what i've read. i was underwhelmed, considering some people consider it better than houston's (@ westfield, century city); i want to be put on record for this following statement: apple pan's burger is not better than the one they serve at houston's.all in all, if im seeking an above average basic burger, i'd come here. but most of the time, im looking for the best all natural burger in town.This place is old school.  Those who find the waiters "rude old men" don't get it.  They make burgers with or without cheese.  That is it.  It actually says on the menu that it is cheddar too.  I used to live a couple of miles away and came her 2-3 times a month.  I have not lived near here in 15 years.  I went today with my wife (who had never been there).  It is kind of like the soup nazi on Seinfeld.  There is a way to wait, a way to order and a way to eat.  If you don't get it, please don't go.  The burger is great.  The sauce (which is similar to like Bob's Big Boy's sauce, but a lot more) is either you like it or you don't.  I do and my wife did too (and she is picky).  There's a reason that this place has been here since the 1920s.  They do what they do right.  If you are not getting the burger and fries than you should go somewhere else.  I went with a friend who got the tuna sandwich once.  Once.  If you want it your way, you should go somewhere else.  The pies are pretty good too but I'm always full after the burger/fries meal.I live in the immediate area, and I have only been here one time. I'll explain exactly why I dislike it here, and why I prefer Marty's or Barney's Burgers a lot more then this.First off, some magazine ranked this place as one of the best burgers in LA, and it shows. It is PACKED, constantly. Getting a seat here can take an hour or more during dinner. Second, the burgers are OK. Not bad, but certainly not exceptionally. They only have three, and none of them stand out. They are very small - I needed two to fill myself, and they cost 7 dollars a piece, meaning, if you are hungry, you will shell out 18 dollars here when tax and tip piles on. Third, for some reason, it is closed on Mondays. This makes absolutely no sense to me. Is this the DMV?This place is absolutely overrated. It is expensive, and the burgers are not worth it by any means. If you're looking for a good burger, drive down Pico Blvd. about 5 blocks east to Marty's Hamburger Stand. you'll save at least 10 dollars while getting a tastier burger, and without the wait.I like the food however the quaint seating policy can put you into conflict with some of the choice LA locals. The food would get 4 stars, Dodgers and Raiders thugs drop it downMea culpa: I have not read every single post. Has anyone mentioned the amazing tuna salad sandwich? It is my favorite anywhere. Just the right combo of tuna, mayo and pickles. The steak burger is my favorite beef burger anywhere. I love the funky ambiance. I always stand on the right side so that Hector is my server. The wait is never very long; even when I haven't been there in 6 months, Hector remembers that I want a steak burger with grilled onions, iced tea with extra lemons, fries well done . Of course, I occasionally blind-side Hector by opting for the tuna sandwich . He is so great that he remembers that I like extra pickles and olives. We are third generation customers. Love the consistency. Love Apple Pan.uh, they have the best burger that I have ever eaten. (hickory burger with cheese). I am a burger connoisseur so I ought to know!you don't wanna get between a true "angeleno" and a cheeseburger from the apple pan on a gnarly hangover day. its just the way it is :)great retro vibe!  great retro service =)  super fast but very nice.  food is pretty good. it's really great that it has such a long history.  interesting experience, waiting for a seat. =Ptheir pies&burgers are awesome!! but it's like u've stepped back in time...OMG there's no ventilation so it's super hot in there plus there's never any seating, so u gotta wait!! but the servers are friendly&i've never had anything bad here.I love hamburgers and the Apple Pan's burgers are considered among the best burgers in LA.I always order the "Hickory Burger". People rave about the burgers at this joint, and most people order the "Hickory Burger". The bottom line is that the Hickory sauce dominates the taste of this burger. There is nothing extraordinary about the meat or the bun; however, the quality of the meat, bun, and sauce do create an excellent hamburger.I recommend having the burger with cheese. Further, the burger comes with lettuce and pickles- I don't find that either of these garnishes adds much to the overall quality of the burger. The french fries are almost always a bit overdone; but, they bring them to you before the burger and they're nice to snack on. The waiter will give you some fresh ketchup too on a plate. I don't bother with the fries anymore- I'm really fixated on the hamburgers.The pies are almost legend and the ice cream is an excellent complement; but, again, I'm really about the hamburgers and I don't order the pies anymore.The fries and pie (especially the pie!) are excellent. But the hamburgers make the Apple Pan the historic joint it is. Keep in mind, the SAUCE is what has kept the place in business for so long. If you love burgers as I do, then give the place a try sometime;)I was skeptical from reading some of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised at the good food at The Apple Pan. The place itself is small (but has parking behind the building). We waited a few minutes for two seats. We were served promptly by a gruff, quiet guy behind the counter. We received our fries instantly, with the burgers not far behind. Everything is simple here. No plates, burgers wrapped in paper, fries on a small cardboard plate........but the PIE!!! The banana cream pie was to die for! I don't like banana anything but after reading about it on Yelp, I had to try it. I was not disappointed. It is piled high with bananas, pudding and a flaky crust. I will go back for more pie, for sure. The cash only part can be a pain.Over rated!!! I have passed the Apple Pan 500 times at least and almost always thought to myself that I would have to try it! I actually stopped in twice but it was packed and I did not want to wait. Well finally after all these years I stopped in last night with my boyfriend and we were able to get seats! The menu is about as simple as they come.My boyfriend ordered thre hickory burger and I ordered a grilled cheddar cheese. My boyfriends burger came within 5 minutes at most.  I waited and waited but no grilled cheese.  Finally AFTER my boyfriend finished his burger I was able to get the servers attention to ask if I could PLEASE eat something! and that was when he finally ordered my grilled cheese. My sanwich was OK. Good cheddar cheese but there isnt much you cando with a grilled cheese sandwich. We saved room for their famous apple pie. We ordered it straight up no ice cream etc. I have to say it was a disapointment. Very average! A place called the apple pan should have a very good apple something! But this was nothing special at all. And at $5.75 or $5.95 at is a bit  to costy. The crust was fine but it lacked flavor overall and was completely forgettable. i have to say i would not come back to the apple pan. it was not so much the so-so service as that kind of thing cn happen it was just that the food was not anything special. while my boyfriend did enjoy his hickory burger it was not somthing he would consider out of the ordinary. don think this place is worh fighting for counter space.The juice ain't worth the squeeze. I used to love this place and was willing to put up with the bad parking, lines and aggressive waiters pushing hard to turn the counter. Now I give up. I spent 15 minutes in the restaurant and the waiter tapped the check twice..moving it from me to my friend and literally throwing away our plates the second we took our last bite. The pressure they put on your to leave is relentless, ridiculous and unwarranted. It's a function of too much business for too long and total sense of entitlement. In this economy...who needs a burger Nazi!Nothing fancy here.  Just a big meaty burger with lettuce, pickles and mayo.  Seven bucks seems like a lot to pay for a burger, but it's worth it.  Definitely the best burger in L.A.  Plus, there's a crusty old waiter and a clunky old cash register.  If you don't want to deal with the crowds go late on a week night when there are plenty of empty seats at the counter.my fav burger joint. best burgers, best pies, and a great coffee!i like this place for it's ambience and old-time feel.  the burgers are so-so, just regular hamburger patties that aren't high-grade beef, but the french fries are pretty delicious...i think they're tripled-deep-fried! :)  and, where else can you go where the server pours ketchup for you?I'm sorry but I just don't get all of the fuss over this being one of the best burgers in town.  It was by no means horrible but I've been to many places here that have much better burgers.  It does have nice charm, but that was ruined by the guy that took my order who couldn't talk, smile, or even pretend like he was having a somewhat of a good day.  The fries were great but the "amazing" hickory burger just tastes like decent hickory sauce.  The pie however is a different story. Yum..... Oh and the seating is a joke.a la institution.  over hyped, decent burger, but i'd rather get a burger elsewhere.  factor in the price and people that you have to deal with, it's not worth going.  i'm only here when i have out of towners insisting on going.We wanted to stop someplace that wasn't a chain near the Getty - this place did ok, but serious heartburn after being so rushed.  We can understand that they want to move the customers - but slapping open bags, banging dishes, hitting the ketchup and adding more - it just was a stressful eating experience.  I hear the burger was ok - the slice of pie was $6 and really - not worth it.  For veggies - you get a $5 grilled cheese.  Overpriced for not great quality and a stressful eating enivonment.  Next....The best burger joint in LA!Always heard about this place so my girl and i decided to try it Sunday afternoon, found one space in tiny lot in the back because someone was just leaving. It was pretty packed as we took two of the last three remaining seats at the counter. the server was impatient and kept rushing us. We Both ordered the Steak Burger and shard an order of fries and one coke. The burger was soooooo average and medium-small for about 7 dollars, cheese extra. The only thing that stood out about it was that there was too much ketchup on it. So to sum it up 2 plain smallish burgers one fries and one coke came out to be be exactly $19!!! In-n-Out  makes a better burger for less than half the price.Excellent burger and Apple Pie. Great service, fast. Very friendly atmosphere. Very old and nostalgic. Clean.I'll never return to Apple Pan, a grossly overpriced little dive for masochistic twerps who dig on the "Soup Nazi" vibe.The burgers just tasted weird.  The sauce on the burger was bitter and salty.  The meat was nothing to talk about.  If you want a fulfilling high quality burger skip this place.The best burgers in town! I think they are better than In & Out. Be prepared to wait. It get's pretty crowded but totally worth it. The apple pie is good too.Oh NO! Are you kidding me? Drive around for 20 minutes to find parking, wait in line to sit on a stool, order from a grumpy waiter, order burger fries soda and pie, Get small un-memorable portions and pay $15 and leave. For the same price take two friends to In and out or one friend to The Counter, Those waxing nostalgia for this place are lost in a dream.apple pan is the BEST burger in la. BUT you do have to go on off hours in order to not be in line forever. i love the guys that work there, and the banana cream pie is so amazing my mouth is watering just thinking about it. apple pan can become an addiction its so good. hate that its only cash.Heavenly.  A great throwback to simpler times, no frills here.  Make sure you get here early, I recommend before noon on the weekends (makes for a great hangover cure), most other times you are going to have to wait for a seat, people usually hover around waiting to pounce so stay on the ready or you'll miss your chance.   The Hickory burger is the reason to go here, absolutely delicious with a perfect BBQ sauce to compliment it.  Some people might complain that their is too much lettuce, but I think it does a great job of keeping the burger together. Fries are always hot and fresh and the guys behind the counter will make sure you have plenty of ketchup at all times.  Make sure to leave some room for Apple Pie, the first few times I ate too many fries and didn't have room, I was so happy I did on my last visit. I have heard the Tuna Melt is awesome here as well, but I cant get myself away from the burgers :)they ran out of apple pie had there pumpkin pie pretty good.Great hickory burgers and it's totally old school.  I love the fact the waiter pours the ketchup onto a paper plate so the customer doesn't have to fuss with the Heinz bottle.  Service like this doesn't exist anymore.  The meat is good with fresh lettuce and the hickory gives it a smoky flavor.  There is no Westside attitude here - just plain old-fashioned mom and pop hospitality.  The only downside was my apple pie - it was runny and not very good.  The ice cream on top was delish.  I just wished the pie was better, but overall, a nice experience.I dont know what the rave about this joint.  First time I went, I thought the food was okay but I caught food poisoning from this joint, Yuck.   Second time, food poisoning again WTF.  I should have known better. The guy who cooked and served me the burger had blood all over his apron.  Yuck.  Apple looked great.  If you are into Burger Poisonin then this is your joint.  Believe me, I like eating at dives.  I used to eat at the Sunset Grill when Joe used to cook his burgers.  If you want a burger go to Kalbi burger and choose to make your own burger and ask them to make it rare.  Hands down the best burger in town, blows away Omami burger and this joint for sureCan't believe this joint doesn't have a min. of 4.5 stars (must be the price). The Hickory burger rocks! Best burger I have ever had (kills In-n-Out on taste hands down). Fries are great and the apple pie is tops as well. Love the atmosphere in this place. The servers are no nonsense guys, service is super fast, and it is always a pleasure to throw them a generous tip. A bit pricey for a burger joint, but I've never left with regrets.The tuna melt was delicious, fries were mediocre at best but everything is grossly overpriced for what you get. Service was excellent -very friendly and attentive waiter. But $23.00 for a burger, tuna melt and shared fries is really ridiculous. Probably won't go back for this reason.classic diner feel as you walk in and sit around the counter.li'l haphazrd how you get seated since you kind of have to keep track who got there first. hickory burger - very similar to an In N Out burger with the paper wrapping and crisp lettuce and tomato but smothered with bbq sauce. burger had a nice crisp grill taste but sauce was on the heavier side...french fries - medium cut fries..i likes better than in N Outapple pie - delicious..big piece and crust is amazing. must use lard cause it's very flakeypretty pricey when you add it up. about $13 bucks for burger, fries, coke and piece of pie. place has the edge on fries but value is still better at In N out but the pie here is good so definetly a place to check out.Imagine a better in and out. The wait is a little long and sometimes not worth it. Be prepared. Burgers are a little small so order two. The taste of these burgers is so unique and tasty, you'll be back for more if you have an hour to kill and crave a burger.One of the best burgers in AmericaI'd rather have the burger from my elementary school cafeteria in 1989 than this joint's.I think this place is great -been there many times-but just went yesterday and noticed for the first time that the waiters took the raw meat from the fridge right in front of me, put them on the grill themselves, then went on to serve everyone's food-no gloves-no washing in between-does anyone else find that strange? I skipped the pie-couldn't get the image of beef blood off the whipped creamapple pan. you rocked my world.Old fashioned, crowded atmosphere with lackadaisacal customer service. Doing a tour of LA burger joints with friends and world of mouth was strong.  I have absolutely no idea why,  In-N-Out puts out a better burger.  Nothing to make time for.Love this place. Once you get a seat (and there is no line or sign up sheet, so you have to remember who came in before and after you and make sure that you grab a seat when it's your turn), the service is quick and efficient. Hickory burger and extra crispy fries were delicious. Order the fries extra crispy if you prefer them a bit browner and crisper. Burgers are juicy and delicious. I've tried the pecan, cherry, and banana cream pies, all are great! Can't wait for next time and I'll try the apple!The egg salad sandwich is to die for here!  I know, I know it's a hamburger joint but sometimes you just gotta be different.  The hickory burger is good but you need fries to have the fresh, crisp fries to enjoy the whole experience.  Save room for the apple pie and ice cream.  It's worth the pushy wait for a counter seat.here's the scene.  old guys serving, paper hats, cash (and i mean cash) registers, counter seating, butter milk, root beer bottles...like from a different time and place, and very tasty.  great burger and fries, lovely homemade pies, and all for very reasonable prices.  can't do much better.(paper) hats off to apple pan.  simple, good, and bygone (as in, its era)Hate to be the one to say it but as legendary as this place is and as great as the atmosphere is, the burgers are just average. Of course if you like their homemade hickory sauce, you'll love the burgers here. They are good, but there are also better. The place is an L.A. icon (I've been here a lot over the years), so it's worth taking people to, just know you might not sit together as the seating is first come first served. Extra bonus: Great pies and soft drinks served in old fashioned paper cone cups in metal holders. For more info: bestlaburgers.wordpress.…Maybe it was us, but my wife and I were not impressed with the food at the Apple Pan.  The burgers were fine, but nothing worth waiting in line for.  The fries were ordinary. Nothing was bad, but nothing was special either. I might stop by again if I were in the area and there were no line, but I would not wait in line, and I certainly would not make a special trip to the Apple Pan.  There are better burgers in Los Angeles.It is the quintessential burger joint, Father's office....don't NEED to go there like I do Apple Pan!!!!Horrible.  Burgers are average, small for the over pricing, just ain't that good. Fries are avg and over priced. AND $7 fn dollars for a piece of apple pie al-a-mode. Holy over priced and really over-rated!!!!!!!!!  I felt like I was in run down cheap diner in Kansas during the depression.  Please sell the place to a up and coming chef/restaurant owner.My girlfriend and I decided to go check out the Apple Pan after mention of it in one of David Sedaris' books. This was our experience in a nutshell. First Impression:Once we walked in, we stood against the wall waiting awkwardly watching everyone else eat along the curved counter but quickly found seats when a couple got up.  The "waiter" behind the counter who takes care of the patrons asked a couple people to move around to make room for others to sit down, so they made good use of their limited space.  The cash registers were antique and it gave the place a little character.  All food was served on paper plates and drinks were served in snow cone paper triangles.  That was about it as far as decor went.  We got about 1.5 seconds to look over the menu before ordering, but the menu is very basic so it wasn't too overwhelming. Our waiter was basically speedy gonzales and watching him was probably the most pleasant part of the whole experience.The food:The fries came out long before the burgers, so we didn't have to choose which one to eat first.  The fries were okay, basic regular frozen fries you would get at any cheap diner. We enjoyed them so much, the 2 of us didn't even finish one order.  The waiter quickly dumped a glob of ketchup on a paper plate next to the fries which I enjoyed very much.  As soon as our heap of ketchup began to diminish, another heap arrived.  When my water was finished, but before I could set my glass on the table, I had another full glass to tend to.  The waiter handled his business.  My girlfriend had the steak burger with a secret sauce that turned out to be sweet pickle relish and she was not pleased, but liked the lettuce.  I ordered the hickory burger, and it took me a second to find the meat peaking over the gigantic head of lettuce thrown in between two buns.  The burger tasted of lettuce, ketchup and mayonnaise  The burgers are served wrapped in paper.  Overall, the burger was fresh but not memorable at all.  You can find tons of better burgers for much cheaper.   We split a slice of apple pie with ice cream and that was pretty good, the only saving grace of that place.  We at least enjoyed that part of the meal.  Overall:For 2 mediocre burgers, a plate of fries and a piece of pie, it cost us $26.  Definitely not worth it.  Don't plan on having a quiet, calm sit down meal with the waiter slamming things on the counter in front of you at a rapid pace and people staring over your shoulders waiting for a seat.  Glad I went? Sure.  Will I go again?  No way.  This place is super overrated, outdated and overpriced. And those of you comparing this place to in-n-out...you've got to be kidding me.Cash OnlyBurgers were simply amazing. Banana cream pie was literally the best I've ever had.. Ever. I'll be heading back for another burger and to test out the pecan pie as well sometime very soon, I'm sure.still the best pies in town and when it comes to their banana cream pie, it is the best in America as are many of their other seasonal pies. Burgers are good, sandwiches better.Hickery Burger with Cheese and Onion, Fries well done, and slice of pie is as good as life gets.  Not much has changed in 60 years in terms of menu.Amazing as ever . Been going there 22 years and still the best! No excuses wow!I'm a hamburger guy and this is the place on the Westside.  Went there last week with some friends - place is kinda old fashion and so is the food - in the good way!!! Best dam# burger i've had in a long time - Go with the hickory burger - ask for it medium well, and you'll love it.  I am definitely a fan of this joint!  (Looks like it should be on Drive Ins and Diners!)Another Rancho/Cheviot favorite.  Cash only, very limited seating but  tasty burgers, fries and pies. Love the Hicory. The service can be really hit and miss so I do my trusty take-out.came here for some late night food after a movie at the landmark.  had the cheese burger--it was good!  hit the spot for late night munchies for sure.  place was cool too: kind of an old-time, 50's-style burger joint that has only a center seating area (no tables), complete with an old school register and in-n-out style outfits for the employees.  chill place overall, good especially if you want to grab some food with a friend in a casual location.Not for me.  On the plus side, the burgers are excellent, as are the fries and pie.  Part of the appeal of this place is the old school style.  Virtually nothing has changed in the past fifty years including the old punch-key cash registers that ring.  While I like the food, it never fails to leave me with some kine of MSG or Salt overload feeling.  Another quirk about the place, which is just one vast counter, is that you don't write down your name and you don't take a number.  So when it's crowded there's this feeling you have waiting for a table, like you're waiting for a parking space, you have to constantly watch to figure out who was there first.  When you're eating, you might get the sense that there are eyes boring into the back of your head waiting for you to finish up already so they can sit.  Personally I don't like either of these stresses.  But they serve the food fast and there's a fairly fast turnover.  Part of the reason that this place is so rare is that I believe many of its features have been grandfathered in because they were there before codes changed, like the open kitchen.  I'm not sure if this is true, but it's what I've heard.  Everybody loves this place, and many say it's the best burger in town, but I'm not convinced.  Bring cash.cheap,filling taste of america.fun to go to a diner that has been there as long as this has.no frills and you never know who you will finnd sat next to you at the counter.the classic la burger joint.  i've been coming here since i was 12 (i'm over 40 now) but i didn't understand what it was until my mid 20's.  yes the hickory burger is delicious.  so is the tuna, the fries and my favorite pies are pecan, choc cream, banana cream (boysenberry and strawberry in the summer).  the place is more about the food than philippe but it's only nominally about the food.  it's about a place that has some history.  that's purported to have been unwilling to sell the land for tons of money to the westside pavilion.  and for having waiters who have been there longer than many of it's patrons have been alive (rip manny).  go, enjoy and long live the pan!The food is probably worthy of 4 stars, but the ambience pushes the Apple Pan to a 5. Walking into the Apple Pan is like walking into a diner straight out of the 1940s--so cute! Old fashioned everything--seats, cash register, kitchen, waiters (literally, the waiters are older men but really great at what they do, on top of all your wants and full of great stories from back in the day). Come with cash though, cards aren't accepted here. The food is awesome here! I ordered the Steak burger and it was delish.  Tasty sauce, soft bread, fresh lettuce, tomato and cheese. The fries are great too--cooked to perfection and you get a ton. I also loved the cute way you get to eat your food--no plastic at all, everything is paper (except for coffee cups and spoons). The drinks are the best--they poor your Coke in a cute wax paper cone that sits in its own metal stand.  The pie was great too. I had apple and it was warm and had a great homestyle taste, almost like one you would bake yourself. I would advise arriving a littlebefore or after peak eating hours--this place gets filled and there is minimal seating. But its well worth it, great food, great atomosphere!In & Out Burger is far better!  After seeing this place on one of Huell Howser's programs, we expected much better.  My girlfriend & I took 2 of our friends with us for the first time.  When we got there, we were surprised to find that there was about 27 single counter stools "not a place for groups to socialize!"  What the hell, if the food is as good as Huell claimed it was, I would overlook it.  When we looked at the menu, a single burger was much more than the price of a burger, fries and drink from In & Out Burger "by the way the burger at In & Out is 10x better!"  When we got our burger, it had tons of catsup oozing out.  What made things even worse, the guy serving us the burger spilled 1/2 the bottle of catsup on the plate for us to dip our fries.  The service is great if you like someone pressuring you to eat your meal and get the hell out of Dodge!  When we arrived, we pumped the parking meter for 1-1/2 hours, when we got back to our car 1/2 hour had passed.  Overall the food was way to expensive and not that good.  Having 4 burgers, 2 order of fries, 3 drinks and 2 slices of pie all for $60 "tip not included", I'd rather go to In & Out Burger for less and have a better meal.