Came for brunch on Sunday. It was yummy! Got grapefruit juice and sister got a bloody mary. The Bloody Mary was awesome! I got the steak and she got the paella. Liked them both but thought the steak was better especially after you break the yolk.Was such a beautiful day and we got seating right near the open doors.We have a close friend in Chicago--shoutout to Monika S.--that swears by Avec as her favorite restaurant, so it almost seemed like a travesty wrapped in an enigma that the wife and I had never been. That has now been rectified.So in my Longman & Eagle review, I noted that L&E reminded me of Austin's Barley Swine, one of the best meals from the American (New), trendy-casual, no reservations, you'll wait and you'll like it school of restaurantery. Well, if I could combine L&E's gastronomically heightened food with Avec's uber-communal environment, you'd get Barley Swine to a T.Avec is close-quarters dining, a long stretch of eight-tops plus elevated bar seating, where you're squashed next to a fellow diner whether you know him or her or not. That means you get to be envious of their food and-or conversation and-or dining companion, unless you ordered better or are especially loquacious or brought a smokin' hottie. So if that's your bag, you'll dig Avec.If food is your primary reason for racking up dining rewards points on your credit card, then Avec has you covered too. It's more traditional--whatever that means when it's a Basque restaurant in Chicago--than innovative, but it's unmistakably delicious.The wife and I went with three dishes, though I surely could have ordered more based on description alone, if not for the cost and the stomach real estate. We started with the brandade, a delightfully creamy and delicious dish, and sort of an amalgam of the creaminess of Robuchon's mashed potatoes and the buttery fattiness of Le Comptoir's crazy good bone marrow. Yes, I just dropped Paris references, and now I hate myself for food snobbery.Our next dish, the summer squash, was a flavor-texture mishmash medley--smokiness from the charred squash, creaminess from the feta, spiciness from the shishito pepper (yes, I landed the coveted one in ten), crispy sweetness from the nuts, mintiness from the...mint. It's a fantastic summertime vegetarian dish.We ended with the way too big paella. My wife was very hesitant as it comes with snail boudin, while I fancied how the sausages were sneakily shaped as large escargot. My take is that it was boudin blanc, but I can't fully verify. The paella's chicken was hit-or-miss, as some parts were tasty while others dry. I really enjoyed the charred rice, while my wife liked the fluffy, saucy parts. That got along amiably with the dish.By then, we were too full for dessert or anything else. If anything, a party of four would have been perfect for small plates sharing, so long as you get to Avec at an unreasonable hour in order to avoid an unreasonable wait. Live and learn, I guess.Hands down...  my wife and I had the best meal to date in Chicago at Avec.  We weren't exactly sure what to expect going in, but we were blown away at how great of an experience we had.Contrary to what we expected, when we arrived around 6pm on a Saturday, there was NO WAIT.  We even had our choice between a table and the bar (we chose the latter to be in front of the kitchen).We were greeted by the sommelier of the restaurant, who after hearing this was our first time there, gave us the background behind the restaurant, the cuisine and the wine.  Having read the reviews (and confirmed with the sommelier), we ordered the dates, the foccacia and the whole fish of the day.The dates - there is no reason to even both reviewing these given the others' praise.  Get them.  In fact, consider getting them again, for dessert...  they're that good.The foccacia - this was a surprise.  Definitely one of the more unique plates I've had (warning, it's a lot of food for just bread/cheese), and I found it to be an incredible accompaniment to the two bottles of wine we went with (both rose's for once on a whim - both reasonably priced).The fish - this is one of the best whole fish preparations I've ever had.  The fish itself wasn't greasy at all and it had a great accompaniment of greens that balanced it well.At no point during the entire meal did we feel rushed.  In fact, after ordering dessert (cobbler - which was also good), we ended up ordering coffee and a second round of dessert (nutter butters - which were some of the best small bites I've ever had for a dessert).Overall, for the quality of the food, the atmosphere and the service, I couldn't believe how reasonable our bill was at the end of the meal.  There are very few restaurants I frequent more than once a year...  this may be one of them.Avec and Au Cheval are nearby restaurants with similar popularity, similar styles of taking no advance reservations, and fantastic food.  We were dropped off at Randolph Street and smartly put our names down for both hotspots.  Even on a weekday night, both places were packed with people and had lines out the door.  Lucky for us, our wait at Avec was totally doable.  At an estimated time of 40 minutes, the wait was really under 30 minutes and we soon found ourselves sitting and hungry among a communal table of other passionate diners.  The atmosphere (to me) is very reminiscent of NYC's  Momofuku Ssam Bar.  A long narrow restaurant lined with communal tables on one side and bar seating on the other.  It gets loud and crowded inside and expect to sit close to fellow patrons as well as overhear conversations.  Nice thing is that the wait staff are efficient and quick with both recommendations and orders and totally expert at navigating through the tight spaces and keeping all the dinner parties separate among each table.  Our selection:Chorizo stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce - $12.  Their signature appetizer and brought to the table very quickly.  They must sell a ton of this order and for good reason.  It's absolutely delicious.  A true explosion of flavor from the salty chorizo sausage to the sweet medjool dates to the smokiness of the bacon.  It's all brought together by the mildly spicy pepper-tomato sauce that I poured on top of each piece.  Order this.Spiced Lebnah Cheese with Roasted Apricots, Cilantro, Green Almonds, and Flatbread - $14.  A very flavorful cheese that is mixed with a wonderful salad of apricots, cilantro, and almonds.  It's a very Mediterranean dish and has those signature flavors.  Hand Cut Pappardelle Pasta with Mushroom Bolognese, Madeira, and Crescenza Cheese - $18.  Super fresh pasta cooked perfectly al dente.  The mushroom sauce is amazing as is the piece of soft cheese on top.  A wonderful dish.Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder with Pocha Beans, Cider Braised Chorizo, and Clams - $24.  We actually ordered the wood oven paella, but they accidentally brought this instead.  I didn't say anything as I had been eyeing the clams and pork shoulder dish of a nearby dining patron and actually wanted to try some.  It's great.  The pork shoulder is super tender.  The clams are flavorful and well seasoned.  You mix the thing together and the beans and sausage just add to the mix.  It's almost TOO flavorful.  I almost wish I had some white rice to pair with it.  But very good.  A very generous portion too.  We couldn't finish it.Overall, we had a great meal at Avec.  Top notch drinks and some very great food.  The waitresses recommendations of how many dishes to order was spot on and the tapas style allows the sampling of many different flavors.  If there was one criticism, it's that I personally found the communal table and loudness much but I can see how the trendy crowd loves it.  As for the inability to make reservations, with advance planning, it wasn't too much an issue, even at a prime dining hour.  Avec takes credit cards, including American Express.This place is amazing. Everything we ordered for brunch was delicious! There were three of us and we arrived at around noon, only waited about 10-15minutes to be seated at a communal table. We ordered the chorizo stuffed dates to share. OMG. So good. Wish we ordered a second plate of it. If you come here you HAVE TO ORDER THIS. I ordered the breakfast paella and it was enough to feed me and a small family. Definitely share it. I took home quite a bit of it to eat for lunch tomorrow. ;) The other dishes we ordered were very good as well. Coddled eggs and French toast. Looked like everyone in the small restaurant was happy with their choices. It's a small place by really worth it!Tough call.I was going to go to Blackbird or Avec for my 5th meal of the day. Hindsight is 20/20, they say.When I walked in, the space was bustling, but the entire space was pretty small. The counter seating is first come-first serve, so if you're a lone diner like myself, it works out perfectly. I cheerfully sat at the counter.Aesthetically, it has the wall-to-wall wood paneled modern look, except that because of its small size and shape, it was like being in a wooden shoebox. I watched the folks behind the counter squeeze by each other and was amazed they could get by. The first 5 min of service was friendly, and then POOF nothing after. I had plates picked up by expediters; that's it.To drink, I had a Royal Jamaican Ginger Beer and started with the oil poached tuna salad, capped with a beautiful halved soft-cooked egg. The salt from the olives were great, the dressing creamy without soaking the leaves....then my main arrived. I had the papparadelle pasta with a mushroom (vegetarian) bolognese. The sauce was amazing; the mushrooms were tender, but the sauce was not like bolognese. Again, it was really good, but the description...The pasta was very thick and doughy. I was tempted to ask for bread just so I could enjoy the sauce and bypass the pasta altogether, but my server was non-existent yet he continued to provide service to others around me (?)There is so much good food in Chicago, I'm sure I won't be back, but check it out for yourself; I may have been in on an off day.Avec is one of the best restaurants I've eaten at, ever. As long as you know its quirks before you go, you'll be fine.The 1st quirk: No reservations accepted. Not a big deal, they will text you when the table is ready. There are plenty of places outside the restaurant to poke around in...like for instance their sister restaurant Blackbird next door, where we went for an appetizer while we waited.The 2nd quirk: You will sit elbow to elbow with strangers. The counter is like any other counter, so you expect that. But the main tables are long throwbacks to my elementary school days, seating about 6. There are no smaller tables, and they'll fill every seat. But it's a great way to indulge your food voyeur habit.The 3rd quirk: If you're a bit claustrophobic you may have issues. As you'll see in the pictures, the entire restaurant is essentially positioned in a hallway, with counter seating to the left and table seating to the right. What you see is what you get...there are only a small number of tables available. There is no back room. As soon as you walk in you can see the entire restaurant, and during the long walk to the bathroom in the back you'll have to say a few "Excuse mes" as you dodge servers and other patrons in a path that's only made for one.So it's not a great place for a romantic evening for two, unless you're like me and the romance comes from great company and truly outstanding food.So is it worth it? YES! The service is great, without any pretentious airs, and the food is truly outstanding in a town full of great eateries. Avec is now on our regular circuit of Chicago restaurants we must eat at while in town.CHORIZO STUFFED DATES: Yes, there is a reason why nearly every table gets this. One of two or three truly outstanding dishes I've ever had in my life. These are chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. The ingredients sound a bit jarring, like they would overwhelm, but they blend perfectly together. Even the pepper-tomato sauce, which in most places merely covers a up a mediocre dish, is elevated at Avec to be the perfect complement to the sweet/salty combination of dates, bacon and sausage, I've had bacon wrapped dates before in other places and was not impressed, and was ready to never order them again. Avec's version with chorizo and the tomato-pepper sauce blows them all away. It is truly a MUST-ORDER item.BRAISED LAMB NECK: This was a large plate, and had a LOT more meat on it than I expected, which was a nice surprise. It is served on the bone, fork-tender, and is perfectly cooked to a flaky, pot roast like consistency. Of the large plates I've tried so far, this has been my favorite. You won't go wrong with this choice.WOOD OVEN PAELLA with confit chicken, snail boudin, mussels and tangerine aioli: Okay, so snail sausage sounds a bit odd...but trust me, it was my favorite thing about this dish. It was well flavored, with just the right amount of spice to keep you coming back for more. The mussels were a great addition, and the chicken was outstanding. The paella itself was well prepared, and this is probably one of the larger, more filling items on the large plate menu.CHARRED SUMMER SQUASH with shishito peppers, almonds, mint and pickled feta: This dish was surprising in its complexity. Everything worked perfectly together, and it was a nice lighter accompaniment to the heavier dishes we ordered. NUTTER BUTTERS: Just order these. It will be the dessert that you talk about after the meal. It comes out in four tiny bite-sized squares of peanut buttery, salty-sweet goodness. You will want more than four bites, so order another one without shame.ROASTED STRAWBERRY RHUBARB COBBLER with spiced shortcakes and orange frozen yogurt: This is a great, homey dish taken to the next level. Perfectly tart and sweet, with a nice blending of flavors.HORCHATA GELATO: If this is on the specials board, order it without fear. It's a great way to end a meal. The ice cream is soft, well spiced horchata-style, and is served with shortbread cookies.Oh God.  Avec.  Mmmmm.(1)  The wait will be long.  Put your name in and go nearby for a drink.  We checked out Lone Wolf (delish for a drink!)  We were told the wait would be over an hour.  We waited AT MOST 40 minutes.  Totally do-able.(2)  Get a bottle of wine.  They have a few very reasonable, delicious french reds at or near the $40/bottle mark.  Can't go wrong.(3) GET THE FOCCACIA.  It has Ricotta and truffle in it and it is AMAZING.  It's totally exquisite and delicious and I would bring it to work everyday for lunch if I could.  Oh man.[[  On a recent visit, we also tried:  snap peas (so good we ordered a second round; steak (delish); shrimp pizza (AWESOME); pasta with mushroom bolognese (awful, tbh, oh well); charred asparagus (very very good); labneh cheese with apricots (good but not enough bread); and a sorbet (tasty!)  ]](4) GET THE NUTTER BUTTERS.  I went with a friend who is OBSESSED with these things.  We ordered, I'm not kidding, 5 orders (so, 20 little bite sized pieces of heaven).  We ate them all.  There were three of us.  We are disgusting.We left totally full and happy.  Some people complain about small plates.  Dummies.  Ask your server for some advise--they are there to help you!  They will be happy to point you in the direction of a more substantial plate.  You'll leave happy and satisfied.  AND, for the delicious quality of the food, you won't feel like you're getting ripped off.  Alll that food for three people came to ~180.00 total.  Not awful!The dates were great. However, the length of which we waited for was easily over 40 minutes. People that arrived after us were getting their entree and leaving before my gf and I got our food.  We later found out that they forgot to put in our order. The service was mediocre at best. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone and will not return.I came here for graduation dinner because I didn't want to eat anywhere else. On a Friday night, for 3 people, the wait was about 20 minutes... which wasn't bad at all. They don't take reservations so be sure to get there earlier. I loved the communal vibe of the restaurant. Makes for some interesting conversations!We ordered the classics:1) Chorizo stuffed dates2) Focaccia with truffle oil 3) Pork Shoulder I want to like Avec a lot but the truth is, I think it was definitely overrated. Still great food nonetheless but I wasn't wowed! I did very much enjoy the focaccia because I love truffle oil but the pork shoulder was definitely overrated. The chorizo stuffed dates has a spicy touch but I'd prefer if it was just savory.Solid food, good ambiance, not pretentious, and well priced.So how can I describe Avec that the reader gets the best idea:- corner location in West Loop, very close from the Central Loop,- located in a row of many restaurants,- fairly small (by Chicago standards) but decent size (by, say NYC standards),- lots of communal tables,- open fire kitchen that you can observe (can get hot),- tapas style food.Had dinner with a small party and had about 6 or 7 dishes, which were a selection of large and small dishes.  Overall, I thought food was good.  It is not going to shatter your tastes, but it is fairly good, decently flavorful, a bit greasy, a bit saucy at times, just like tapas ought to be.We ordered:- squid and chorizo with pasta and black ink,- chorizo and dates wrapped wrapped with smokey bacon,- salmon small plate,- steak with blue cheese,- cheese filled flat bread.(maybe some more I don't remember).Squid and chorizo was good, but the black ink gave a taste I did not prefer.  Chorizo and dates were excellent: just the right combination of savory.  Salmon was not my favorite, as it was completely uncooked, and was not even soft.  I think preparation can be much better, even in a home kitchen.Steak with blue cheese was good.  Flat bread was very simple, probably could have gone without it.Drinks were excellent: we ordered the verde flight which was excellent and good value, and a couple of beers, which were excellent.Overall, for 3 people, total of $130 with tax and tip, for good amount of selection of dinner food was great.  Will probably return to try more dishes.Over-hyped, in my humble opinion. If you have an appetite, do not come here! They serve small dishes, portions are small!! We went on a cold evening and the restaurant was empty, which was nice. We were immediately sat down, but took at least 5-10 minutes for our waiter to serve us water.FOOD: We ordered some type of skirted beef shank, which was ok. A roasted chicken dish ontop a bed of rice was decent but nothing special. And finished off with pine nut cheesecake, which was not that good. Overall, we were very unimpressed and felt ripped off!AMBIANCE:  Minimalist, casual decor with wood flooring on the walls, lol. Very tiny on the inside, so there's limited seating. Probably not good for groups. SERVICE: Slow. It took 5-10 minutes for our waiter to introduce himself and serve us water. He was knowledgeable of the menu, but didn't seem too nice. You know how some servers are there for just a paycheck...he seems to have the attitude of that. OVERALL: If you like subtle flavors, simple flavors this is the place for you. We felt the food was lacking in bold flavors and very underwhelmed. I'd rather spend my money at girl and the goat for some bomb diggity food! Will not come back.I've been living in Chicago for 12 years and Avec is definitely one of the best restaurants I've been to in the city. Especially considering the price point, which is great for this high quality food! Every dish is notable and it's incredible considering how often they change their menu. As you would imagine, it does get super crowded so the best time to come is during off-peak hours or during a Polar Vortex, which is what I did this past winter.Anyways, I'm not sure why I am even writing this review since it has a million 5 stars anyway.3.5 Stopped in for dinner on a Monday night---the place was bustling! The atmosphere is cool albeit very small inside. As others mentioned, you will be sat at communal tables, elbow to elbow with strangers. This is great as long as you know that going in. Gives you a chance to see what others are eating, etc.The good:-Atmosphere-Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon-Wine list. The list was great because they had several more inexpensive bottles in the 30's range. Great if you want a bottle but aren't looking for something incredible (and expensive). We ordered a French pinot noir for around $35---solid choice!-Server. Our server was helpful and there when we needed to order moreThe not so good:-Expediters. So we ordered 3 or 4 plates total. The first was the aforementioned dates, which comes in a red marinara sauce. We expected to receive new, clean plates after. Sadly, the rest of our food was shoved to the side of the dirtied plates as to avoid the red sauce. After our last small plate, an expediter asked if we wanted new plates. Kind of funny. -Food. Beyond the dates, the other food was just okay. Everything sounded great on paper, but just didn't blow me away. -Price. Fairly pricey for small plates to begin with. Couple that with small portions for a small plate, it didn't make me want to return. There are far too many other small plate/tapas restaurants in the city that are better and a little cheaper. We actually left Avec a tad bit hungry!Overall I would say it's just underwhelming. Perhaps we ordered the wrong small plates. Perhaps we should have gotten one small plate and one big plate. I would return if someone wanted to go there, but I wouldn't go out of my way to suggest it to a friend.Went last night at 7:30. They said the wait was 45 minutes to one hour.  We ended up waiting only 20 minutes.  They had an outside area and was able to order drinks while we waited. The atmosphere was nice for a date night.  The seating was very close together.  This ended up being a good thing.  We met a couple that was visiting from Florida and had great conversation with them throughout the entire dinner.  Even ended up sharing a bit of food. We ordered the dates, squid, duck neck, and pasta.  The food was excellent.  The dates were amazing.  The duck neck was amazing.  A little fatty, but the meat itself was very tasty and tender. Overall, I highly recommend this place for a date.Went in for Sunday Brunch, and it was pretty amazing. I highly recommend the coddled eggs! Their service was also very fast, and their timing between dishes was out of this world.Great place to go if you don't have reservations and want a nice meal. It can be a bit of a wait for larger groups, but there's no shortage of nearby bars, or just grab a drink there and wait outside under the umbrella. Recommend the Brandade, Dates, and for big groups the Focaccia (get it with honey).Three words. 1. Dates2. Pork3. DatesI feel like this is all you need to know, in addition to stellar service and huge wait. But the wait is worth it, and if you're curious you can usually give a call and they'll give you a decent idea of what's going on there.My visit was short and sweet so I'll make my review the same.I was having dinner down the street at Maude's liquor bar and stopped in for a quick drink beforehand.  I had heard great things about Avec (foodwise), and I figured i'd have to wait to get a table.  Surprisingly, I didn't. I was seated quickly (it was 5pm on a Friday), and given drink menus (food too, but we weren't doing food).  The drinks seemed interesting, but once I had them, the prices were a bit steep...I feel like I've had much better cocktails at other places for the same price so it was a little disappointing.The service was wonderful, and I don't regret dropping in - I'd go back for the food (judging from the tables around me) - the drinks: not so muuchAvec is a nice tight little restaurant. Noise level is pretty high but didn't mind because the food was great!One of my favorite restaurants in the city! The food is absolutely delicious. You cannot go wrong at Avec. My favorite dish is the slow cooked pork shoulder. This is the greatest pork shoulder I have ever had. Simply amazing! My other favorite is the chorizo stuffed dates. These two menu items are highly recommended and a must anytime you visit Avec. The restaurant is small and has shared tables. They do not take reservations, but they take your number and will text you when your table is almost ready. We usually just put our name in and go to a nearby bar for a drink or two and casually wait for that glorious text to arrive.Everything was DELISH. I loved the olive plate- bc I'm an olive freak, and the medjool chorizo stuffed dates had just the right amount of spice! Soo good! However- I'm more of a salty fan than sweet usually, but if you like peanut butter at all, you have to get the "nutter butter" dessert!! (It should be called "nut yer pants". ) Grapefruit mint sorbet is also amazing and just the right consistency: I would love to come back!!Be warned: expensive but worth a visit for the experience.Items worth trying:1. Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped w/bacon; comes with a chili sauce (savory, sweet with a kick)2. Paella (good but still doesn't hold a candle to ones in Spain)3. Pappardelle pasta with mushroom bolognese (must like mushrooms to appreciate)I could've just had my own plate (4 pieces) of the dates wrapped w/bacon and be done.I was definitely impressed with the pork shoulder and the chorizo wrapped dates.  It is usually packed by around 6:30pm so I'd recommend coming a bit earlier.  The seating arrangements can get cozy as its almost like sitting at large picnic benches, so you have to share benches with other parties unless you come with a group of 4 or more.  The portions aren't large and can get kind of pricey if you come starvingLove love love!! First, the ambiance of the restaurant has Europe meets New York vibe. Small inside, but they don't take reservations so try to go early when they open or later after prime dinner time. Started off with some red wine from their wine list varied by regions. Ordered their popular Chorizo Stuffed Dates- soooo delicious!!! Sweetness from the dates pairs well with the salty bacon and the chorizo and the tomato sauce brings a nice creamy texture and acidity to the dish. The foccacia bread with cheese and truffle oil is a must! the nice crunch with cheese that oozes out in the center makes it addicting to eat and the truffle oil with every bite is a nice touch. The pork shoulder is so tender and juicy and for some reason the white beans goes well with the dish!  The shaved Brussels sprouts is a nice refreshing salad-like dish. The Parmesan cheese on top gives it a good flavor. Already want to go back especially for the chorizo stuffed dates!!We were visiting from California and the separate sources highly recommended Avec and their bacon wrapped dates. Needless to say or expectations were high.  Although the ambiance was fantastic,  the service very friendly and the food was very fresh out left us with something to be desired.  All and all would still recommend the place but it didn't set the bar too high.We had the dates,  foccica bread (favorite), pork shoulder and nutter butters.Completely worth all the hype. The chorizo-stuffed dates are a must, and the morcela is some of the best I've had. Our other favorite was the paella - the chicken confit was incredibly tender. The wine list has bottles at a lot of different price points, starting around $30.Because they don't take reservations, be prepared to wait a while. Also, there's a chance you'll get sandwiched in between other couples at the tables.Our only complaint was they timing of the plates. The waiter brought out a lot of dishes at once, so some of the food got cold.wow the nutter butters are to die for and only $4 for 4!I love Avec. When I lived in Chicago, it was the place I would lumber in to, escaping the brutal cold with an eclectic wine list and food that is a powerful combination of delicious and creative. The offerings here and comfy without being hokey and small plates and half orders give you a chance to sample a nice variety of flavours, making Avec great for one or four. (I'd caution about large groups here--Avec is painfully small and does not take reservations. I have been successful dining alone or with one other in not having to wait terribly long for a table, but given the layout of the restaurant, bigger parties might not be so fortunate.)Avec is a wine-forward restaurant, which is not to denigrate their mixologists but to say that they have an impressive collection of wines that far surpass its size and price point. You can easily find many unique and unconventional bottles or pours without breaking the bank. Waitstaff are impressively polished on the ins-and-outs of the expansive wine offerings.When it comes to food, Avec's small plates (and the ability to order many dishes in half portions) means that the menu can be quite flexible. I generally find two of the smaller dishes and a larger plate is plenty of food for two hungry eaters but you can easily tack on more or less as the meal progresses. Like the rest of the Blackbird group (Pubican, Big Star, Blackbird, Violet Hour) the menu is constantly changing but some things are fixtures--the brandade, the dates, the focaccia, and the pasta. All of these are excellent and show off how capable this kitchen is, but I'll save my plug for the dates. I don't even like dates! Stuffed with chorizo and in a homemade tomato sauce and served with crusty bread, this is satisfying plain and simple. I have ventured in to Avec on my way out of town just to get my fill of those dates. They are the must-have on the menu, and you can try them in a half order (2), if you remain unconvinced.Deserts can get fancy and yes are quite good, but I like to keep it simple: a good Intelligentsia cappuccino and an order of nutter butters, four squares of peanut butter and salted caramel. A nice, light finish to an exquisite meal.Returned to Chicago in search of great eats. Heard positive things about Avec. Tip: go early, I'm talking about at opening kind of early - place fills up quickly. The ambiance is casual - sat at the bar/counter. I love watching the team work :) I took the advice of my server who recommended the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce, served with a warm ciabatta. Sweet and salty, a combination that I'm usually in the mood for :) She also suggested the wood oven paella with confit chicken, snail boudin, mussels and tangerine aioli. Let's just say I didn't put my fork down ;) It was that good! Thank you team Avec.There are some restaurants you go to for a nice meal. Dave's Italian kitchen or bat17. These places are great for tastes you're familiar with and like. You order the same things every time and love the homey atmosphere and tastes. And then there are restaurants like Avec. Burrata (7/10) a complex spread and terrific bread to accompany this. Werp salad (9/10) I actually grinned several times while eating this. Fabulous. Nice combination of pickling and dressing. Focaccia (7/10) tasty and well done but it felt lacking somehow. I would have preferred some vegetables or spread to accompany. Chorizo (5/10) overpowering not for me. The spiciness was too much, maybe you'll have a different experience. My heart started racing after a bite and didn't stop for at least ten minutes. The waiter seemed very hurt by the fact that I only took a bite and told me that the Times and Bon Appetite loved them. "This is the first time in five years I've taken them off the bill," he told me as he begrudgingly complied with my request.  After the incident with the dates the service became very lacking. Prices are up there as expected.I love Avec.  It is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  I have been for dinner and brunch and both meals were beyond satisfying.  The atmosphere is hip and the decor is simple, but modern.In regards to the food, let me first start off by saying do not miss the stuffed dates and the nutter butters!  They are unreal.  Many time stuffed dates are too mushy and restaurants don't do it right, but Avec nails it.  The date aren't mushy at all and the flavors are so good that you need extra bread just to soak up all the wonderful sauce (PS the bread is also amazing. Comes to the table nice and warm!).  Also, don't miss the oyster dish offered at dinner.For brunch, the coddled eggs are super tasty.  The breakfast paella is too good and the pork shoulder dish has great flavor.  We all really loved the breakfast pizza.For dessert, obviously you must order the nutter butters.  Thankfully, they offer these tasty treats at brunch and dinner.And do not pass up their bloody mary--it has the perfect amount of heat, a great garnish, and comes with a beer back.Love this place! I love small plates/tapas places, and Avec is definitely the best in the city!!! Avec is now in my top three for favorite restaurants in Chicago. I've had the paella at Cafe Ba-ba-ree-ba, Cafe Iberico and here... and Avec blew them out of the water! The chicken was moist and flavorful and SO DAMN GOOD, the rice was crunchy on the sides of the pan, andthe mixture of everything was just soooo good and just perfect. Unfortunately I ate like ten donuts from Do Rite donuts before going to dinner with my friend, so we only had room for the paella and the chorizo-stuffed dates. But I can say the stuffed dates were also amazeballs.Will definitely go back. Plus I want to try the focaccia bread everybody else is raving about.PS they don't take reservations. Even for birthdays. Sigh. But it's worth the wait!Loved this place! We walked in on a sat night at 730 and told it was about an hour wait. Grabbed drinks across the street and came back at 830. We ended up having to wait until closer to 9 to get seated. However they were super nice and comp'd us some drinks and dessert. We really had amazing service. I wish I had gotten our server's name.  He was brunette with a beard - he was awesome! He totally told us we were ordering too much and he was right. Most places wouldn't care to tell u that. Hands down favorite -- focaccia bread with cheese and truffle oil. The bread is so thin, light and crispy and truffle oil gives it that final decadent touch. Mmmmm delish!  My only gripe is that it's rather large for 2 ppl and half the portion would have been better so we could fill our tummies with more goodies. We also had the Brussel sprouts slaw salad, chorizo wrapped w/ dates and octopus. The octopus was tender and tasty but didn't seem to have enough pieces in the dish. The guys next to us said the pork shoulder and paella were excellent as well.  For dessert we tried the olive oil chocolate cake but honestly were too full to really enjoy it. Overall loved the food and the fun atmosphere. Definitely not a pretentious-feeling restaurant yet has high quality, yummy food. The service really made it stand out for me though.OMG this was so good. From top to bottom, just awesome. That's the 2 sentence review for those who don't want to read any further. For those of you trying to sleep, I offer you the following long-winded review. To start, we got there and there was a 30 minute wait so we put our name in and went for a quick walk. 10 minutes later we walk in and suddenly we have a seat. Both people working there that we talked to were super nice, very friendly even though the place was jam packed. We ended up sitting at a table of 10, which consisted of 4 groups - 3, 2, 2, and 3, with the 3s at the ends and the 2s in the middle. So we ended up talking to the other 2 (we were 1) and one of the 3s. Both parties were very friendly, and made the experience better than it would have been otherwise. Yes I know this is luck of the draw and has nothing to do with Avec itself, but it counts. As they say, lucky  beats good. The waiter, a friendly guy, suggested a bottle of wine that was dirt cheap (well, by comparison with the others) and was very smooth. Something from France, merlot/cab/malbec combo I think. Anyway, wine good, service good, The food, in order of appearance...1. Brussels sprout panzanella. We got this because Andy knows I like brussels sprouts and we wanted to give it a shot. It was fine, good and all. But of the 5 things we got this was the least impressive of them all. For me, and Andy agreed, it really had no core taste of the sprouts. Brussels have a very distinct taste, which I like. It seems like they did all they could to remove that taste and just use the sprouts as a color, more than a flavor. Fine, but I would not get it again, really. 2. Werp farm greens. Of the things we got, this was the one I was expecting the least from. But once it hit the fork and my fork hit my mouth, wow. Just wow. This was possibly the best salad I've ever had. The combination of greens, dressing, mini potatoes, and peas was just lights out. I think maybe this is just right up my alley because I couldn't get enough of it;. Every bite was fantastic. 3a. Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates. This came with the Focaccia, thus 3a and 3b. When we sat down to order, the waiter told us this was their signature dish. When the people to our right then proceeded to have it placed on the table in front of them, that more or less sealed the deal. It just looked & smelled stupendously good. And it came with a small hunk of bread that looked perfect. We each got 2 of these since the dish came with 4 pieces. They were good, succulent, dates filled with chorizo and wrapped in bacon. Yes, this does sound incredibly overindulgent in a typical American way, but they were actually most excellent. 3b. Focaccia. This too is apparently a signature dish and is always served with the dates above. The people next to us had gotten this, and they dipped the focaccia pieces in the sauce that came with the dates. This was good, and had a hint of truffle oil that gave it such a sweet, yummy aroma that I was forced to cram every last piece of this massive dish into my mouth by the end of the night. It was worth every single bite.4. Chicken liver crostini. Yes, by this time I was stuffed and had absolutely no need to eat anything else. But this dish is effectively fois gras with bread (did I mention the bread was awesome? No? Well, it was) and some other stuff that I put on top and crammed into my mouth. You know, no matter how full you are, when the dish comes out and it's fois gras, how do you let that go? We were in the hotel for the night so it's not like we were going to bring it back with it. We did it, forced ourselves to eat it, and it was very good. I don't think this was "holy cow" amazing. It was good, not great. I'd order something else next time. Ok, that's enough. If you're not asleep by now, at least pencil in your trip to go here. it's worth it, every last incredibly over-indulgent bite.I can't believe I haven't written a rave review for this place yet! Anywho....My fiancé is originally from Chicago and ever since discovering the amazing taste bud delights at Avec on a visit to Chitown we go every time we visit.Need in your belly: Chorizo-Stuff Medjool Dates and the "Deluxe" Focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbsWe've had a few other dishes there that are good, but nowhere near the delicious level of those two plates.A dining experience!I went there a for my birthday a few years back.  Convivial atmosphere combined with their food made it for a great evening.OK, a few glasses of wine didn't hurt either.This past Monday, my two friends (Will & Susannah) and I ventured to Avec, a Mediterranean small plates restaurant owned by the same management as Blackbird. The restaurant is very small in square-feet but quaint nonetheless. Wood paneling in the interior creates a rather cozy vibe and the tables are seated in close groups where you may share a table with complete strangers. The small size of the dining room allows for intimate conversations with good friends.  If you take a date here, I recommend you make sure there are no better-looking, eligible bachelors/bachelorettes at the table you are about to be seated at...  Haha. Now for the food. All the reviews I came across before the meal were raving descriptions of the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates. I am happy to report that they are indeed phenomenal. The dates are wrapped in savory bacon and served in zesty tomato sauce. Even Susannah, who doesn't particularly care for dates, enjoyed them. A must-order at this restaurant. The octopus plate was crisp and refreshing. Combining the seafood flavors with ruby red grapefruit and fresh mint provided a sharp, citrusy taste to an otherwise stereotypical roasting of octopus. The plate was very well prepared and is a definite order for any octopus-fanatic. The squid plate was also fantastic. The squid and tripe with fideo pasta was interesting and unique. Until this plate, I had never tasted squid ink aioli. I am happy to report that it is delicious and I definitely recommend it to the culinary adventurous individual. Steering away from the seafood and onto the red meat, the Butcher's steak was paired perfectly with the strong flavor of blue cheese crumbles. The crisp kale decoration added a necessary crunch to the plate as well as a green element to an otherwise meaty dish. The incorporation of pistachios on the Merguez sausage pizza brought a contrasting texture to the softness of the melted feta cheese adorning the pizza and the aroma filled the restaurant, attracting the attention of many nearby diners. My favorite large plate was the wood oven paella which combined the delicious flavors of chicken, seafood and a hint of fruit into a single dish. The paella was cooked perfectly and provided a background to the various ingredients namely the mussels and the chicken pieces, both of which were lightly flavored with citrus. The perfect large plate to share for a group that cannot decide between poultry and seafood. It gives you both!For dessert, we ordered a selection of options but my favorite was the chocolate-ricotta mousse. It ws topped with crushed raspberries which provided a fantastic compliment to the richness of the mousse. I am typically adverse to whipped cream but the orlorosso whipped cream added a creaminess to the chocolate-ricotta mousse that I would have missed if I had simply spooned it out. So delicious it's borderline dangerous. Small plates are amazing. They allow diners to share and try multiple dishes, bringing friends together through shared culinary experiences. Avec is the perfect restaurant to visit with great friends.Lives up to the hype! Seriously, you will be amazed by anything you order. Chorizo-stuffed dates!! MMM!!No reservations and amazing food means you should prep yourself to wait during peak times. It would be best for you get there early. You can get seated pretty quickly during lunch hours or around 10pm during the work week.Also note, the space has been nicely done... very simplistic and clean but also quite small. Be ready to sit on each other. There's a pretty high chance you're going to be involved in the conversation going on next to you, whether you care to be or not.Noise level can be pretty high. Obviously this will depend on time and day of the week.I would not recommend for a first date simply because of wait times and noise level.This was one of the better meals I've had in the city in awhile (perhaps not since Ruxbin a year prior) .The cuisine is quite eclectic, but I'd describe it as a contemporary Mediterranean. Combining elements of French, Spain, & North Africa cuisine complemented by a solid wine selection.  Avec is one of those rare restaurants where the small plates aren't small...they're hearty. Their large plates (or entrees) are even bigger, so fair warning. For a party of 2 we ordered 2 small plates and shared 1 entree and we both were stuffed and had to bring some home. So try not to over order (which is difficult b/c everything looks delicious).It seemed liked every table ordered the Chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped medjool dates (as did I) -- so that appears to be their signature dish -- and it was worth the hype. We also ordered an evening's special which was prosciutto, some type of amazing cheese, strawberries and lavender. It was my favorite dish, so definitely don't forget to check their special chalkboard to see if something tickles your fancy. For the entree we got the paella, which was also incredible. Overall the dishes are very meat-centric (or maybe my ordering was!) but after 3 plates including chorizo, bacon, prosciutto, mussels, chicken, and sausage....I was feeling a little sluggish. Next time I go back I'll make sure that one dish is at least salad/veggie oriented. Go to Avec. It's small, intimate, doesn't take reservations, yet you will be rewarded with flavorful, inventive dishes that doesn't put too much damage on your wallet. For the dishes above, plus 2 glasses of wine, the damage WITH TIP for a party of 2 was $100. Very reasonable considering the quality of food you are getting! Highly recommended!I've only made a total of 3 trips out to Chicago in my life, yet I have been to Avec 4 times.  Yes, they are so amazing that I decided coming to them twice during one of my visits was warranted.  (None of my stays were extensive either.  My longest was for 5 days.)  And each time I went was memorable, which I cannot say for a lot of places.  What I love about Avec is that there's no fluff... just mind blowing food.  The place itself resembles a simple wooden box, and you sit elbow to elbow with other patrons on long cafeteria-style benches.  The first dish I ever ordered from them 3 years ago was some penne pasta bowl.  I wish I remember what it's called!  What's remarkable is that it looked so unassuming; it just looked like any other pasta dish.  But oh, the flavors!!  I am salivating just thinking about it...  Did I mention this was 3 years ago?My most recent visit was 2 months ago.  I had chorizo stuffed dates and focaccia.  Soooo good!!  We also had a very fun server -- Christine.  All of her recommendations were spot on.  My favorite recommendation from Christine was this rose wine called MeadowSweet.  I loved it so much that I'm looking into serving this wine for my upcoming wedding.Avec is definitely on the pricey side, but if you're looking for a refreshing dining experience, it's totally worth it.I have been to Avec many times and Avec is like Mastro's in that it is consistently good. Restaurants need to be consistently good to become a fixture, and this is why Avec has been and will continue to be a fixture in the West Loop area. I went there yesterday for a late brunch and I tried its butter pecan gelato special. If you are currently reading this review, please go to Avec now and try this special. I have never tried anything like this anywhere. This 5/5 review is devoted exclusively for Avec's butter pecan gelato.Little disappointed to be honest ... I didn't expect such a loud environment.... I could barely have a conversation..., (well the people next to is were obnoxious) I'm not reviewing based on that though...,I think the dates that people are raving about were just ok nothing so wonderful you HAVE to order them, I had the octopus too but I think the portion was small ( I expected small but this was like 4 tiny little itty bitty pieces) tasty though bit tooth celery that over powered it all .... Lastly the lamb neck ... Delicious and gracious portion!! Yum!! Perfectly prepared too!!Wait staff very friendly and conscious of comfort ....Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon!!!!!!!!  I want to eat these until I sweat the spicy sweet aroma out of all of my pores.  Seriously I don't think there is a better food ever invented.So I came here a little while back with my wife and a few friends who were in town from Australia.  I needed to show them a good restaurant that demonstrates how good food is in Chicago (other than all our 'traditional'/tourist foods).When I entered this place the wood was everywhere.  I sort of felt like they took design ideas from a sauna or something.  But I'm not complaining, it was very comforting inside.  With the way it is organized, it really opened up conversations between the four of us and even people sitting next to us.Sadly its been a while since I went here and just am getting around to the review.  But I still remember those dates (so that has to say something).Absolutely blown away tonight in the Windy City by this gem of a restaurant, and maybe my best food experience of 2014. Everything -- and I do mean everything -- caused "wows" and expressions of delight at our table. First, we began with the obligatory bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates in red sauce, and they truly are obligatory. My favorite new dish I think. Next came the foccacio bread with truffle oil and cheese, fresh mushroom homemade pasta, and the short rib.Let's stop right there on the short rib. I'm not a big fan of stringy meats like short rib and roast, but this dish changed my mind. I was expecting a hunk of stringy meat in a sauce or gravy on my plate. Instead, a black kettle pot arrived at our table with the short rib inside, topped with bread stuffing that was so good it was Thanksgiving, and apples on top. There were three of us, and we could not even finish it. When you consider that a dish is $25 or so and easily feeds a whole table, that's not a bad deal at all. The meat was tender, juicy and perfect in presentation.We arrived just after 6 pm without a reservation. We were seated immediately, the server was incredibly friendly, and the food descended on our table like bread from heaven almost immediately after we ordered. The space has a blonde wood spa like interior with barn wood and farm like elements.Everything was perfect here, and I'm so glad that I chose Avec while in Chicago.Great ambience, good Lebanese-inspired food. I grabbed a seat at the bar and the servers were awesome.I got a half order of their chorizo-stuffed medjool dates and yes, they are VERY good. I've had bacon-wrapped dates before, but I liked these because they're stuffed with moist meat which makes it really hearty and balances out the sweetness of the dates. I also got their charred cauliflower tabbouleh which was really good and light, the flavors mixed really well together.  The labneh tasted like a mix of boursin cheese and goat cheese, little round soft balls of cheese with dill I think. It's served with greens and pomegranate, I thought it was OK but the flatbread it was served with was delicious- super fresh, hot, soft, crispy and just salted....really good!I love how they change up the menu and there's always chef specials.We got this whole roasted fish that was the special for the night...perfectly cooked and I'm pretty particular about my meat/seafood being cooked to tender.  Presentation/plating was nice.  This is more of a tapas/small plate type of place.  If you're going with one other person, I would say get at least 2 small plates and maybe one entree!The place is smaller than a normal restaurant so when it's busy (which is always) it can be a little bit hard to navigate through the little space between tables and the bar seating.  Nonetheless, it didn't change my opinion of this place's delicious food :)  Definitely one of my favorite places in Chicago along with Blackbird which is it's neighbor (literally). By the way, the service was great.  Staff was friendly!I left here so stuffed and so very happy.  Like the very best kind of food coma. We visited here on a Sunday night and just like everyone said there was a wait.  But we heeded the advice to wait for a table because the food was worth it.  The place was small and I kind of wish we had gone out for a drink somewhere else while we were waiting for a table instead of standing all crammed together like.  It's communal seating and although I wasn't sure how I would feel about it, it was fine.  We were still able to have our own conversation.  Now the food.  If you go here you must order the chorizo-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon.  This was the best thing I've ever eaten.  I'm not foodie and often eat cereal for dinner, but the flavors in this were so complex and amazing.   We also ordered the slow roasted pork shoulder and it also gets two thumbs up.  The brussels sprout panzanella was good too but it pales in comparison to the other two dishes.I need to get back to this place soon.I don't want to echo everyone else's reviews... but I have to say it. Get the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates! I've been back three times over the past two years and I haven't been disappointed once! SO. GOOD.Also, if you want to skip the long wait times to get seated, come here on a week night for an early dinner. I came here Tuesday night around 530PM and got seated immediately. By the time I left at 630, it was starting to get full.Will come back again... and again!Given it doesn't take reservations, Avec is definitely worth waiting for. The popularity of this long, narrow restaurant is such that, when we visited, it didn't open for dinner until 7.30 after a private function. By 7.35 two of us were very lucky to squeeze in. There's a range of small and large plates, all designed to share. The dates stuffed with chorizo are incredible as was a very thin crust pizza with ricotta, taleggio and truffle oil. Delish. Great night out.Excellent food and definitely unique! My faves were the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce & the hand cut pappardelle pasta with mushroom bolognese, madeira and crescenza cheese... Both were so flavorful and the handcut pasta was so fresh and delicious.No brainer.I'm constantly taking my out of town friends here.  It's delicious and sexy and fun.  The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is lively and engaging.Yes.  The dates are awesome.  What's often forgotten are the brussels sprouts.  My vegetarian boyfriend says they're some of the best brussels sprouts he's ever had, and he's a great cook who loves making brussels sprouts.Great place.  Easy choice for dinner.Also.  Amazing wine selection.  I usually hate sparkling wine, and I hate rose even more.  But, they had a SPARKLING ROSE I loved.  It was so, so dry and so, so wonderful.Incredible.Simply amazing! I am a pesca-vegan and the octopus and cauliflower was great!!! The octopus was very tender and not chewy, perfect. Love love love! The ambiance was very nice as well. The seats are close together but you are still able to carry on a private conversation. The wait staff are super helpful as well. They offer to store your coat and bag once you arrive so you don't have to worry about it while dining. My friend and I went on Wednesday evening so we were seated very quickly. The place was still pretty packed. I would come here again. :-)Came here based on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed at all. It's a tiny with communal tabling and bar seating as well. It's probably one of the coziest restaurants I've ever eaten in, but it'd done so well I didn't mind at all. Chorizo stuffed dates are as good as advertised. Sweet, savory, salty, wrapped in crunchy bacon is pure bliss. Wood oven paella is another top choice if nothing else than for the snail boudin (sausage). The boudin is so good you don't question what it is, you just want more of it. Focaccia is a good bang for your buck and perfect to share with a group. Yelp has Avec listed as French, but I more of a mediterranean vibe with a French twist. The flavors and menu items are more tapas in nature, but prepared with French techniques. Great place for a great meal at a very reasonable price point. Protip: The door is tricky (hidden in the wall) and it's a PUSH not a pull.Good quality ingredients, very flavorful.  LONG WAIT.  They don't take reservations which makes it difficultLet me start by saying that the food is definitely worth the hour-long wait. I hate, I hate, I hate communal seating...why do you do this to me restaurant owners, why!? Why do you serve delicious food, but make me sit in uncomfortably cramped quarters next to people I don't know, who are making out across the table while I'm eating, gross!! WHY?!?! Besides that minor problem and the fact that it was really cold and drafty by the door, all else was good service-wise.The place might be tiny but the portions are not, especially the entrees--the pork shoulder we ordered could have fed four grown adults. It was literally a whole shoulder of a pig, yup, the whole thing, I don't know how they fit it in a small little dish, which seemed endless, the more you took, the more meat there was. And not just mouth watering fall-apart-so-tender slow roasted meat, but it also came with clams, braised greens, potato and sausage. Wow. There was a whole party in that bowl. Worth the price and made for great leftovers later. The pappardelle pasta with mushroom bolognese, madeira and crescenza cheese was creamy and delicious.For starters, we ordered the charred beets (I love beets in any shape or form) and these beets did not disappoint. We also got the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. Take one bite of this and I promise you, your eyes will roll up to heaven. The single best bite of the night.I ordered the cheapest glass of red wine on the menu and it was the BEST glass of wine I have ever had in my life. I don't even know what it was, but it was damn good. If anything had to be less good, I guess it had to be dessert, chocolate cake was delicious, but didn't blow me away.Once I save up some more money and lose some weight, I'm going to come back and eat my way through the whole menu. PS, valet and street parking available.Went for Sunday brunch. 3 shared the focaccia, coddled eggs, and rhubarb french toast. Very impressed with the focaccia, and the eggs had the perfect consistency. Despite loving both cheese and rhubarb, though, I think we could have passed on the french toast...or maybe we just weren't in the mood for that particular blend of flavors (cheese, tart, sweet, herby (mint), nutty, and burnt-sugar maple syrup). Small but nice space, good service as well. Plates came out one at a time.Simply delicious- a perfect meal. There was no wait for 2 people for a table on a Thursday evening (around 8pm), and a few bar seats were empty when we came in (that's not to say the place wasn't full!)One word: focaccia. This was PERFECT. We also got the special whole roasted orata fish with olives and fennel (delicious), and the octopus (YUM). Wine was excellent too. Can't wait to go back to try the sunchokes, sweetbreads, and pretty much everything else on the menu.YUMSTERS.You will not regret getting the bacon wrapped and chorizo stuffed dates. Those things are little bundles of magic. What a perfect balance of salty, sweet, and spicy. The seared trout was also very good as was the focaccia, which was overflowing with the decadent flavor of truffle oil. I also highly recommend the butterscotch budino for dessert; twas phenomenal! The wine list is out of this world. We tried so many wonderful wines, definitely left the place feel VERY happy. My favorites were the black moscatel, which was a fantastic sweet red moscato, and a grapefruit infused gewurztraminer that our waitress recommended (but was not on the menu for whatever reason) called Meadowsweet. Gracious, that Meadowsweet is insanely fragrant! I've never been blown away by Rose wines, but this one, my friends, deserves recognition. What a great discovery! Service was wonderful. Our awesome waitress, Christine, gave us second helpings of the Meadowsweet wine on the house after we we kept drunk ranting about how amazing it was through the dinner. The ruby port is also very good--quite strong for a dessert wine.The wait IS long though, so be prepared. Though you can open a tab and order a drink...or two...while you wait. Also does not come cheap, but boy do you get what you pay for here!Those medjool dates with chorizo.I want them.  All the time.  I want to wake up next to a batch of them everyday.  I want air to be made of them.  I'll take my paycheck denominated in them.  I want a spa to be inspired by them.  Then massages of them.  I want them to dangle from trees.  I'll wait for one to fall in my mouth.chorizo medjool date is amazingly delicious! But I found all the three main courses we ordered were just fine. And desserts nutter butter and cake were so so, too. Overall I like this place, maybe because I just like the  medjool too much!I was surprised to find myself not impressed. I wish I could like it more. Too salty to me. We had the dates, squid, slowly cooked pork shoulders, too salty. I couldn't finish. The dates are nicely put, interesting combination. Also not impressed by the dessert, budino. At beginning I thought about coming back some other time as they change their menu. After the dinner, I think it is ok. It is in general a nice place to hang out. For people who eat a lot of pork centered dishes, Avec may not be for you.One of the best meals I've eaten.  Tried 11 dishes...  Everything was good.  Most were phenomenal.  A few others... solid, but would try something else next time.   Summary: Avec leverages many of the popular foods you'll find at other "trendy" restaurants (ex. brussels, eggs, dates, pork shoulder etc) .  However, what stands out is how & what they pair these items with.  The flavors were unique, creative & textures were impeccable.     Yesterday, I was wistfully staring at my pictures, wishing i could eat the burrata, steak & fried egg again.  I could practically taste them.  Yeah.... obsessed.  Already plotting my menu game plan for next time.Food: A1. Brussels sprouts: AWe got the Panzanella (bread) on the side, recommend this way.    2. Chorizo-stuffed dates: Alol, At first I thought they were meatballs.   A lot of different flavors all rolled up into yum.  3. Charred Cauliflower: B-    Meh.4. Fried duck egg: A+Um....  yessssss.  One of my faves of the night.5. Burrata: A+ = crackI have no idea what they put in this thing, but whatever it was, I want more & I want it now.  The mixture of flavors with the smooth, creamy burrata.... OMG6. Charred octy: CMeh. The only thing I was a little saddened by.  Octy is my all time favorite.  This was kind of ordinary.   And we only got two small leg pieces.  Ouch.  7. Hangar Steak: A+The hint of salty anchovy really brought out the steak.  8. Paella: ADon't normally like paella in the US, but the other ladies wanted it.  And it was goooood.  Had the right amt of crunchy rice bits, all different flavorful tender meats/seafood that maintained it's own flavor but still complimented the rice.  Yum.  9. Pork Shoulder: B-Ok.  This one doesn't count.  It came last, it sat for about 20 min before we got to it & we were almost full.  Definitely, very tender, but the flavor was a 'lil strange/salty.  But, I'm thinking we should've tried right away.  So... this one's on us.   I'd try again, but think I want the lamb neck first.10&11: AThey surprised us with dessert.  Swirly Gelato & Meyer Lemon shortcake pie wonderfulness.  If you like key-lime pie this one is a must try.  Drinks: AGreat wine selectionMy Vodka martini was great (I'm real picky about this).  Cocktail selection meh & small.  hahaha LOVE.  Craft cocktails are overrated & lame!  Service: AHostesses were great!  Server was really helpful, one of my buds is gluten free & she marked up the menu with "x"s & "yes's", it was awesome.  The wait can be long... plan for a near by go-to for pre-dinner drinks?  We got seated pretty quickly, but I might know someone who might know someone....  hehe *heart*Atmosphere/Space: BLove the clean, minimalistic wood decor.  I didn't mind the following, plus the food is beyond worth it, but including as an FYI cuz, for some people, this kind of thing matters....  Gets very loud.  Cramped, communal seating (basically rubbing shoulders with people).  They're really good at taking coats (phew).  Might be nice to add hooks for purses to make more space.  Stuffy (oven nearby), be ready to peel off some layers.  Go to the bathroom before you get seated.  If you're in the middle, it's gonna be hard to get out!!  Think I'd like to sit at the "bar" & watch the chefs next time.  = )We arrived the other night around 9 or 9:30.  The restaurant was not overly crowded.. It's a small narrow space, perhaps 22 feet wide and 50 or so feet deep.. like a large rectangle.  We ordered a few plates of food..  Since there are subzero temperatures in Chicago right now, the list of hardy stews and roasted meets seemed very appealing.. We ordered several menu items.  All were very delicious.   You will have to excuse my memory..  I believe we were also taking shots of absinthe along the way.  And the total night ended just a few hours before my 7 am meeting.  Out of the things we ordered, the squid with fregola dish stood out as exceptional.  As was a crispy trout dish with Romesco Saucea and shrimp.  Several other dishes were good but, the squid takes the show. I don't remember the price point being as expensive as the rating suggests.  Fun night.We got here early and were sat immediately.Chorizo stuffed dates - These are awesome.  The sweetness of the dates perfectly complement the chorizo stuffing.  When I had originally read about it on the menu, the dish seemed heavy.  I was surprised when the chorizo came out shredded, almost like the consistency of good pulled pork.  To top it off, the sauce is great with the bread that they serve.Ricotta flatbread - Not much of a looker but I found it to be a great light snack.  The tiny hint of truffle oil didn't overpower the dish at all.Pork Shoulder - A little disappointed with this dish, I found it to be a extra-sweet version of a classic cantonese braised pork belly with not quite as much balance in the flavors.Papperdelle - Expertly made pasta but the flavor was not too memorable.  Pine nuts really saved this dish.Best. Tapas. Ever.  Here's what we tried and I'd recommend everything.  Actually, I'm convinced you can not order a bad thing here.--Slow roasted pork shoulder --Delux foccacia with tellegio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil, and fresh herbs - this was really good, but not as great as other things, so order only if you love yourself a good foccacia.--Brussel sprout panzanella --Whipped brandade with garlic bread and chives - my absolute favorite item--Chorizo stuffed dates with bacon and piquillo peppersDesserts:--Affogato with assorted biscotti--Warm chocolate olive oil cake with coffee gelto and hazelnut crumble We asked our waitress to recommend a white wine to start followed by a red.  Both were some of the best selections I've tried.  I even tried looking for them at Binny's to no avail.  They were:-- Red: Anima Negra An-2 Vi de la Terra Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Spain--White: Via Latina Alvarinho Our bill came out to $200 for 4 people.  Kinda high, but for that quality and amount of food, plus two bottles of wine, it's really not bad! Definitely coming back and bringing friends.Incredible! Family style food with simply amazing combinations. It was loud, fun and a great way to spend an evening! Would recommend to anyone who asked.The place is awesome but... The staff??? I mean do you really have to push us buying more food by telling that "x" kind of magazine mentioned your restaurant as ( I don't want to say what) of the city???? Come on? If you make that amount of money you definetively don't need to push your costumes !!!!Not to mention that portions were not generous at all... ( I give you my Italian word) I initially intended to go back for my birthday... But I kind of changed my opinion.Got in w/o reservation on a Sunday.  Very loud atmosphere but we're OK with that.  Our server was not too warm and welcoming.  When we asked for any suggestions she just stood there and looked at us like we were speaking a foreign language.  Anyway,  ordered 2 small plates and one large plate for the 2 of us to share.  The sheeps milk ricotta gnudi was the winner, then chicken liver pate' w/rhubarb was a great combo.  Last was the pork shoulder.  Very large portion but didn't really wow us.  Time for dessert and again no suggestions from our server.  She just acted like her life is really blah.....I almost don't want to leave a review for Avec because I love it too much.  Nothing feels more French then a late night dinner.  Their wines are fantastic and dessert is a must.  On a side note, download shazam and be ready to tag as they play impressionnant musique.I went to Avec with 4 friends, we had to wait some 30 minutes but it's finally warm outside so no big deal. Now, I wish I could give Avec 3.5 stars, because, you know, it's a nice restaurant but... all in all, I am not sure I'd like to go back. Let me articulate on that. Half of the dishes we tried were delicious: the chicken liver crostini and the dates are a must-have. Especially the dates, they're a perfect mix of sweet, savory and spicy. On the other hand, half of the dishes were quite disappointing: the mixed greens were basically a salad with potatoes and olive. Fresh and crispy, sure, but not exactly restaurant-level, right? We also had the salmon, the squid with chorizo casserole and the pork shoulder. I did not like these dishes. The salmon was served with a tomato/beetroot puree that completely overpowered it. Similarly, the squid disappeared in a stormy sea of flavors: orange, cinnamon, beans, chorizo... too much. The pork shoulder was very tender but tasted too much of vinegar in my opinion --- I have to say I am not a fan of sour mains. Plus basically no veggies with it (coriander does not count, right?). Fortunately, as a finale we ordered the Affogato with pistachios for dessert. That was truly delicious, we literally fought over the last spoonful! Also, my wine was very fruity, fresh and fragrant: it is the Sardinian white by the glass and I really recommend it. On the bright side: ambiance is really cool and homey at the same time and we paid 35$ per person with tip (but be mindful I was the only one drinking in my party and I only had a glass of wine).Very cool place with unique plates. The chicken lover, octopus, and nutter butters for dessert...can't go wrongThere are so many good restaurants in Chicago that it's hard to stand out enough for me to make a return visit.  However, this one always comes to mind.  All the food was excellent and well prepared.  The chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates were AMAZING!  Not that they need any more stellar reviews but I was dreaming about them for days.  It's at the high end price-wise but worth it.   One thing to keep in mind, the space is small and fairly loud so it might not be what you are looking for in every situation.Avec is well worth a visit if you're on the Chicago culinary tour.  You'll spend a pretty penny (maybe a few more than you'd like), but won't go home with your wallet severely hurting.The play: go late at night on a week night and you can get right in (since they don't take reservations).  The lady and I went on a Thursday night at 10pm.Atmosphere: cozy, unassumingly swanky due to the patronage and not necessarily the decor.  The furnishings are a nicely under played wooden, reminiscent of nice picnic or deck furniture.  The flat-assed beware.Two to three small plates and one large plate works well:Werp farm greens with radish, pickled onion, anchovy and roasted shallot vinaigrette (good, but a lot of pepper).  You'll feel healthy, but I've had better salads.PQM pork lonza (like a prosciutto) with black walnuts, pickled kohlrabi, apples and pecorino cheese.  YES. DOOOOOOO IT!Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.  One of the most unique spins on bacon-wrapped dates I've ever had.  Nice after kick from the sauce.  Interesting mix of flavors.  Pork lovers unite!Hand cut pappardalle pasta with mushroom bolognese, madeira, pine nuts and crescenza cheese.  Good, but I would try some other dishes before this one.Well done, Avec.  Well done.Stay classy, Chi-Lites,EvAvec probably doesn't need any more reviews, but I still feel the need to write one.  Our friends bought us a gift card to Avec for our wedding and we finally got around to using it at around the 1 year anniversary mark.  The food was phenomenal and very reasonably priced, which is somewhat rare at a place as popular as Avec.  We can't wait to go back and use the rest of the gift card.The space is small so there is usually a decent wait, but I love the text system so we can comfortably grab a drink at a nearby bar while waiting.Came here for a couple of cocktails and a pre-dinner bite to eat.  Everything we had was wonderful, but we thought it was a bit odd that there were only two cocktails to choose form on the menu.  Also, it was SO crowded.  granted we went on a Saturday, but we were happy to bounce when we were finished because I was on the verge of a panic attack. Fantastic menu, great drink and bites, beautiful ambiance, go on a slow night.Amazing staff, especially our server Josh and the very knowledgeable and friendly manager Ryan made our dinner quite the experience. Food was unreal good, executed perfectly and we can not wait to go back. Must Haves: The stuffed dates and the Bouillabaisse. Perfect dining experience, thank you Avec.Great food, but why did my waiter look and act like he hates his job? And why did he try to up sell us into getting dishes we didn't want? We ordered too much food and he was actively encouraging us to get even more food and said that we could just take it to go $_$.  Service was definitely subpar for a restaurant of this quality. We only waited ten mins at 615 pm on a Friday night. Good food though.Now, on the food. The pork shoulder is huge and you could easily split that . The waiter recommended one big plate or two small plates each. I recommend one pork shoulder and one small plate and maybe a dessert. Trust me, that's enough food. We got the pork shoulder, the dates, and some bread thing and we could barely finish our meal. Didn't have any room for is to try desserts.Popular hipster restaurant.  We had to wait a long time to be seated but it was worth it!  Their food is incredibly well done, I really felt like they showed off the flavors and textures of the food.  Can't wait to go back when I'm visiting Chi town next.Came in with a friend from out of town, he paid. It was freezing and the bears were playing, so it was about 40% full.Gingerbeer- weakWhitefish spread- deliciousPaella- somehow over salty yet no flavor, i love muscles and understand they come from the sea, but how old were these? Boudin sausage is never rubbery, i know you made it with escargo, maybe just dont call it boudin.Steak app- i dont remember anything except again somehow too much salt and no flavor at the same timeViognier- its possible that my own expectation of a viongier (crisp) was off but this was flat, possible because of what i was eating it with, but still it was all meh.Im giving it an additional star because a really nice guy with glasses asked us if we needed new plates. It was so foreign i didnt realize how cold the bartender had been. Or how gaunt and unhappy the rest of the staff appeared.Food, service and ambiance all great!Short version: Dishes can be slightly hit or miss - some were very delicious, while others were good but not worth ordering again. Service was decent. Prices aren't cheap but I wouldn't say it was particularly overpriced, at least for a restaurant of this tier. Long version:This place has been sitting in my bookmarks page for a while, and I finally got my butt over there a few days ago with a friend. Since they don't take reservations and it was a Friday, we got there early (4:30 pm) to avoid a wait.We ordered:- Chorizo stuffed medjool dates: My friend ordered these and said she loved them. I didn't try the dates, but I did try the sauce, which was delightfully spicy but not overpowering. From her reaction, I'm guessing that this dish gets rave reviews for a reason. I did notice that the portion was decently sized - 5 giant, stuffed dates with a bread roll on the side. - Seared shrimp with beans, pesto and vinaigrette: Although there weren't any particularly interesting flavors, the dish was still delicious. It came with three giant pieces of shrimp with heads on, a generous serving of beans, and a delightfully tangy vinaigrette. - Burnt wheat pasta with mussels, broccoli, and 'nduja butter: Not particularly impressed. The noodles were interesting - tasted very whole grain-y and they were hollow (!). The mussels weren't anything special, and I was disappointed by the minimal amount of broccoli. Simply put, this dish basically began tasting like buttered noodles after several bites, and there weren't enough variances in texture/consistency/flavor to keep me interested. - Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with rice, clams, green beans: This was okay. I'm probably partially biased because I was a bit full by this point. The pork shoulder was very good and juicy near the outside, especially when eaten with the rice and sauce. However, it got a little dry near the middle. I will say the portion size was quite generous. It was $21, but the chunk of shoulder was quite big. Service was so-so. I remember reading some reviews that raved about stellar service, but I wasn't too impressed. Our waitress didn't seem too interested in serving us and wasn't particularly friendly either. However, our water was constantly re-filled and plates cleared away promptly by the busboys. Spent $80 for two people, no drinks. Don't mind the communal seating, except when the place starts filling up and you have to get out of your seat so other people can get inside.Honestly top three restaurant experiences I have ever had in my entire life.Probably the best I have ever had in Chicago.The only downsides to this place is the wait (which is most certainly worth it) and the fact that it's on the smaller side.Came here with a party of 6 and we were told an hour and a half wait. The hostess was awesome and told us about CH distillery which is right down the street and has lots of great cocktails and much more space. We went there while we waited and the hostess said we would get a text when our table was ready.After drinking a tasty cocktail over there we returned and only waited about 10 minutes until our table was ready.This is where things got good.We ordered a bottle of wine for the table (one of the cheaper reds) and it was good and complimented the food very well. It was also suggested to us by the sommelier/waitress who knew the most about the wines.Food wise we ordered the following,Large Plates:1. wood-fired pizza with PQM pancetta, pear, blue cheese panna and arugula2. slow roasted pork shoulder with clams, braised greens, potato and linguica sausage3. "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs4. whole roasted fish with olives, fennel, arugula, charred orange and lavender vinaigretteSmall Plates:1. whipped brandade with garlic bread and chives2. chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauceWe got a double order of each small plate.The fact that they do small plates and large plates is great. It was perfect for sharing and if you're there by yourself or with just one person a large plate is a great amount for one person.Everything here was crazy amazing and my taste buds and my brain still can't fully comprehend how they made some of this stuff taste so good.The only thing that I wouldn't order again but was still tasty was the Large Plate #3. It was a lot simpler than the other dishes and didn't pack as much flavor and was a tad bit bitter.I would love to try some more of their menu (even though I'm at least half way through it) and I would HIGHLY recommend the chorizo stuffed & bacon wrapped dates and the slow roasted pork shoulder.The dates melt in your mouth and go through three stages of delicious flavor and two stages of meat.The pork shoulder is slow roasted all together with the other ingredients in a deep metal dish and the flavors blend perfectly and everything just falls off the bone.If you are considering going here for dinner, stop thinking about it and just do it. You will NOT be disappointed.I was already distraught about the fact that it had taken me so long to get myself in here and after dining at Avec for the first time I was really kicking myself for not visiting sooner! From here on out I will definitely be making up for all that missed time without this amazing food in my life!It was a Tuesday night and as the snow fell outside, this tiny space on Chicago's Near West Side was bursting at the seams with energy. Conversation and laughter filled the restaurant as wine flowed and food was savored, all to the soundtrack of Biggie Smalls playing in the background...what's not to love?!Being the tiny space that it is, along with their no reservation policy, Avec is usually a fairly crowded spot any night of the week. When we arrived there were a few seats open at the bar, so my two dining partners and I snagged those up and settled in. For a group of 1-3 the bar works fine, I usually prefer the bar if it's just me or me and one other person because I love chatting with the bartenders and getting their opinion on what to order.Avec has a variety of small and large plates that are all perfect for sharing-my favorite way to go! Their menu is filled with Mediterranean classics, pulling from regions of France, Portugal, Italy, and the coast of Spain. The twist? A Midwestern interpretation that makes these dishes interesting and comforting at the same time. We perused the menu over a lovely plate of house-marinated olives...the perfect first bites to give us a taste of what was in store.Our first dish was the Brandade. No idea what brandade is? Neither did I. Per Wikipedia, Brandade is an emulsion of salt cod and olive oil eaten in winter with bread or potatoes. It was delicious....and now I know that I love brandade! We also ordered their much-loved Chorizo-Stuffed Medjool Dates and as soon as that first bite hit my tastebuds, I knew that this dish was the winner of the night. The spicy kick from the chorizo and pepper sauce combined with the slight sweetness of the dates and the saltiness of the bacon is a PERFECT combination!As hard as it was to follow the dates, we thoroughly enjoyed our next few dishes as well-charcuterie and cheese boards and the refreshing brussels sprout panzanella to round out the meal. The brussels sprout salad was really fantastic-if you think you don't like brussels sprouts...I challenge you to try this salad and see if you feel a little different about these mini cabbages afterwards!Luckily my friend that I dined with had been to Avec a time or two. Even though we were happily full at this point, he let us know that Avec's version of the Nutter Butter was not to be missed. After quickly polishing off the four pieces in our first order,  he and I exchanged glances and knew that a second order was going to be needed! You definitely do not want to miss these...and I guarantee that you can't eat just one!Bottom line: if you haven't been to Avec, get there! If you've been but haven't tried some of the above items, heck, even if you have...get back!The score should actually be a 4.5 because I've only been disappointed by ONE dish from my two visits....but I still love everything else about this place, so FIVE STARS FTW!Wine is a must here guys. Really. It really really accentuates your dish (and the food can kind of be oily sometimes so the wine washes it down really well!) It's not even that expensive - $11 for enough to refill your glass about 3 times.(note that the order of the foods listed is the order it came it - very important)chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce- this is a must. Seriously, if you come to avec and NOT get this dish, that means you came here too many times that you no longer crave the perfect combination of sweet, spicy, savory, salty, amazingness in one dish. It means you live a good life and don't have to endulge in this perfect dish."deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs- Last time I came here, the focaccia came as the LAST dish - I thought that worked better than having it as the 2nd dish because this "large plate" is more like a dessert plate or appetizer. So starting with it or ending with it should be better, because the focaccia is like eating a really savory biscuit with pungent scent of truffle oil, so having it in the middle of the meal was a little strange, but regardless GREAT. If you like the scent of truffles, this dish will not disappoint you.Random fun fact - did you know truffle oil isn't made out of truffles? Cool.Oyster mushrooms with roasted artichokes, goat feta, endive and black garlic vinaigrette- Maybe Avec DID purposely give us the focaccia 2nd just so they could give us this dish afterwards. The focaccia was very buttery and oily so this oyster mushroom "salad" was PERFECT. Perfect addition of greens and vinaigrette to cleanse our mouth. And the oyster mushrooms! I've never had it yet, but WOW. SO SAVORY AND SO GOOD. Who ever said mushrooms had no taste? Try this try this try this.Burnt wheat pasta with mussels, broccoli, and 'nduja butter- SAD FACE :( I was so disappointed by this dish...We originally wanted the squid ink pasta, but they didn't have it on the menu anymore so we opted for THIS pasta. I mean, "burnt wheat pasta" + "mussels" sound great, right? Hmm...I wasn't too pleased. The pasta was indeed very peculiar - they looked like (dont google this if youre going to order this. really, dont.) mermithidae.....And the pasta has a HOLE in the middle! how cool?! I don't know...the pasta definitely tasted undercooked, but that's probably because of the "burnt" and "wheat" part...anyways, it just didn't satisfy me, and definitely made me a little sad because it was the last dish...Dessert - I cant find the name on the online menu! But it was basically an apple pie with cinnamon ice cream and caramel. Very very very delicious and the flaky layers of the pie was so great. Not dry at ALL and the ice cream was wonderful.Came here at 5:45 on a SATURDAY night, three people, waited about 40 minutes.Chorizo stuffed Medjool dates wrapped in smoked bacon with piquillo pepper tomato sauce - Just WOW WOW WOW. If there's one thing I remember eating in Chicago, it's this.Wood-fired pizza with salumi toscano, marinated broccolini, parmesan and gorgonzola creme fraiche - How could you not like this pizza?Baby octopus with squid ink linguine, pepper sofrito, butternut squash and chorizo breadcrumbs - Killed it with the chorizo once again.Pork shoulder in a pot of cous cous, carrots, almonds and raisins - I pray everyday to be able to fulfill Dan's fantasies and cook pork as perfectly as this one day.As much as I came in thinking I was going to love this place it just didn't work out for me. Maybe it was over raved about and it just was bad timing to go. The seating is modern but not so practical, the rest of the ambiance is appealing.The bacon wrapped dates was the favorite of the night by far. I wouldn't mind picking some up to-go but I will not be willingly returning.  The rest of the items ordered were at the very most just OK. The cocktails also just ok. The wine selection was actually pretty good, and the recommended glass by the server was perfect. I know I will be brought back by my better half that loves this place and I will try to keep an open mind, but this place has some making up to do in my book.Finally got a chance to go here for dinner.  Went early at 4:45 and had a very short wait. Come hungry because there is a lot of tasty food!Good:-Seared shrimp with corona beans was a must have.  -The ribeye was delicious and well prepared.  If you are into meat, this is the way to go.  They also have nice potions of grilledtomatoes and watermellon with it.-the daily special - salmon with cous cous and calamari-Porkshoulder - I usually hate pork but it was extremely tender.-Chocolate crisps - chilled dark and light chocolate crisps.  Simple yet deliciousAverage-Delux focaccia was a little bit too rich for my taste.-Chorizo-stuffed dates- hearing about these I was a little let down by this.  Wasn't as flavorful as expected-Squid Ink pasta- nice lemon hint to it along with the salt of the muscles.  Not bad but slightly too bland for my taste.  Others really enjoyed it.Overall, pretty good experience.  I will have to revisit here sometime soonA little $$ but worth its price. Delicious food and wines! My favorite: chorizos stuffed dices.I don't usually leave Yelp reviews but I felt that I had to with Avec. It is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago. Chorizo stuffed dates are a must (and appear to be the most consistent thing on their menu, as their menu is always changing).Overall, the servers are friendly and this is one of those places I would highly recommend to anyone visiting Chicago.Happy eating - cheers!I didn't think the wait of over an hour was going to be worth it, but damn was I wrong. The food was amazinggggggg and the service was great.I came with 7 other people. We shared 2 orders of olives, the chorizo stuffed dates,  the braised pork shoulder, the paella, the focaccia, and the oven braised merluza. Everything was so delicious that I couldn't stop myself from gushing over all the flavors and quality whilst nomming away. There was plenty of food for the 8 of us, and I was completely stuffed that I had to pass the ricotta cheesecake we ordered for dessert. I wasn't too thrilled with the wait, and the small space, especially with more people flocking in. But overall, it was amazing. And I'd definitely go back and try more food.Oh Avec, you've been on the top of my fave Chicago spots ever since I first visited couple years ago. Strange how I've never came back until now. Probably because I remembered how crazy crowded it was: had to leave early last time to avoid the wait (hope my boss isn't reading this). This time I came for brunch, which wasn't very crowded at all, though I was a bit annoyed by the hostess who refused to seat us before our final guest arrived, so the 3 of us huddled by the limited space near the entrance in everybody's way for a good 20 minutes, watching the tables rapidly filling up. They were doing special collaboration brunches, and the day we went it was with CH distillery, so there were a few special cocktails. Since it was too early for me to drink, I skipped the drinks and went for the coffee, girlfriends enjoyed their drinks though. We ordered whitefish spread, coddled eggs, brussel sprouts panzanella, moroccan berghir pancakes and breakfast paella (yes, we were hungry gals!). I thought the whitefish spread was nice in flavors but a bit too thick, panzanella was flavorful but a tad garlic-heavy for brunch. Loved the coddled eggs so much I want to bathe in it, and the spices on the chicken wings that came with the pancakes made me want to move to the next table (although the wings were nice & juicy). We noticed the group next to us also order the paella and left most of it intact when they left, so we were a bit worried. But it turned out to be lovely: strong saffron flavors in the perfectly cooked rice, juicy chicken pieces & duck sausages. Only wish they gave us more bread with each of the small plates but they didn't refuse when we asked for more, so no problem. While I loved the food, I personally can't eat things this rich for the first meal of the day. Nonetheless I'd happily return for dinner!Avec is delicious.Bacon wrapped dates. Gigantic pieces of goodness, even to my friends who don't even enjoy dates.Pasta and Mussels - Thought this dish would be bigger and better, but it was a relatively small dish with lots of butter and garlic.Hot Link: Good sausage with pickled veggiesPork Shoulder, Pork Shoulder, PORK SHOULDER. Must get this dish. Worth going to the restaurant just for this dish.Slagel Farm 55 day dry aged ribeye with bone marrow butter and fennel-preserved lemon gremolata: This is the description from the menu. It's just as good as it sounds. However, I believe the price was $93, so beware if you're on a budget. But holy cow.Walk-ins welcome!I usually love avec, and- let's be honest-  I still do. BUT, the last time I visited (Memorial Day weekend), our hostess told us we would have an hour wait to seat five. Totally understandable. She then told us that  we should have called ahead and they could have the table waiting for us. We were so excited, and tried to call ahead this weekend when the family was in town. However, all the employees we spoke with had no idea what we talked about, said they never take reservations or call-aheads, and never intended to start doing so. A little disappointing.We will keep going back, and it's still my favorite restaurant. It just really sucks to have whomp customer service.And the server spilled wine on my friend's scarf, purse, phone, and my face with no apology. Sloppy.Actually 3.75 because the A/C was off, it was 81 outside and the place was hot enough last Saturday for our first bottle of red to be a bit warm. My second time around though I can safely tell you that Avec is a great restaurant for those looking for a excellent food in a trendy environment. It's hard to give reccos on the food since it changes so often but it's their bacon wrapped dates that seem to be the continuing signature. If you go within a few weeks of this post, order the "deluxe" truffle foccacia. It was certainly the highlight of my experience last weekend.Finally, around $250 all-in for five people with two bottles of wine is an amazing deal in my eyes. Enjoy it, take your dates and friends, not your parents.I love Avec! Hands down favorite restaurant in Chicago. Since moving away from Chicago any restaurant that has chorizo stuffed dates makes my heart flutter only to be crushed at the realization that no one can ever do it as good as Avec! Great wine list, good beer list, never had a dish that I didn't care for, and the staff is always friendly. Expect a wait, but you knew that.Went to Avec for the first time and ordered the DATES and PORK SHOULDER, which are the two must-eat  dishes according to the other yelp reviews. Date- this is really good! Absolutely should order it! The flavors of chorizo, bacon, and date mixed together. You can taste a little bit sweetness from the date but not too much. Anyway, I just love it!Pork shoulder- actually this dish is what I am craving for when I decided to go here. But finally I just feel fine... I mean, not bad, but not really impressive. I hope the meat can melt in my mouth but actually no. By the way, the portion of this dish is really big, share with someone or order half portion.Service- have seen some reviews saying that the service here is not good, but I just didn't feel that way. The waiter would do their job properly, maybe that's what I expect so I thought it was fine.Overall, except the pork, everything is good.Fantastic, really exceeded my expectations.  Each dish was different in style and totally delicious.  Slow cooked pork shoulder was a wow dish.  Service was excellent and timely.  Wine list is small but full of interesting choices.  A really enjoyable dinner here.Feeling like Abe Froman, sausage king of Chicago with sausage/chorizo in most of the items we ate. Very, very good - see my pics.  Got lucky and got there at 7:45 on a Thursday night and able to get the last few seats before the rush. Service was just fine, kept a relaxing pace and let us chill between dishes. Walked away perfectly full at about $40 per person for 4 of us. On the Anthony Bourdain trail.Let me add to the 1000 some reviews in saying that we had a 5 star experience. Avec lived up to its hype, in my opinion.I was very pleased to find that there were plenty of bar seats and some scattered communal table seating on Sunday during the lunch rush. We went in, were immediately seated and provided water and silverware at the bar. Clever that they had this seating, as you get immediate service from the wait staff that pace along the bar. We were disappointed to only sample a limited menu of Avec, since we were leaving Chicago and had to partake in their brunch selections for our final hurrah--but we were NOT disappointed after we tasted it all.Service: wonderfully quick and constantly attentive to refilling our water. Dishes:Coddled eggs -- one of our favorites. How does one take something so simple and pack it with flavor and texture? This is fancy eggs done right. It's a small glass rambukin of a steamed egg with mushrooms, that you can knife out and top onto their sliced baguettes.Grilled shrimp -- YUM. It's one of their smaller dishes. The shrimp had so much pesto and wood oven flavor and it all just worked with the beans. Flank steak -- DELICIOUS. Pork shank -- oh my god. Yes. Huge portion and really highlights what Avec can do. This brought us back to France. It bursted with flavor and fat. While they told us this one would take a while to make, they actually delivered it quite quickly.It is a very small room where you are seated at communal tables. It is very crowded. The food was ok-it was extremely rich. We ordered the dates, paella, and Brandade. The paella tasted very fishy as did the brandade. I'm not a fan and would not recommend this place to others.I came here on a busy Saturday night, waited 40 minutes for a table of four. First impression, a bit too crowded with the communal seating, lively, but too crowded. Ordered the pork shoulder, brandade, focaccia, and squid ink linguine. The dishes lean towards the salty end. Pork shoulder cooked with rice bean andThis is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I've been many times and tried a variety of dishes and never been disappointed.  The combination of high quality food, great service, and affordable pricing keeps avec at the top of my list.  While many say the stuffed dates are avec's staple, I'll order the brandade 100 times out of 100 if available.  The focaccia is excellent but always fills me up which tempts me to order less.  They frequently have a shaved brussel sprout salad that shows you the versatility of a vegetable traditionally roasted and tossed around with bacon.  And the dates are still amazing.  The menu changes frequently enough that pinpointing single dishes is difficult for subsequent readers but trust me - their food is really really good.I would be remiss to not mention the staff.  I make a point to sit at the bar to watch the chefs and chat with the servers.  I started noticing that it's been the same people working there for years - a good sign for any restaurant.  The staff is friendly and engaging and generally just cool.  I moved from Chicago over a year ago and I make a point to stop in avec on each return.  It's absolutely a can't miss in my book, I'm glad it's stayed true to itself.Five star-level chorizo-stuffed dates, foccacio bread and hanger steak for $39.00 that's all you really need to know.When many industry folk say that a place is a must go who am I to argue? In fact one of my Captains over at Grace said Avec was his favorite place in Chicago hands down. So my last meal before leaving for Europe was a late afternoon snacking before my flight and right as they opened. Sitting at the bar we were told the specials and we decided on:-  chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce- wood-fired squid amatriciana: san marzano tomatoes, guanciale, fideo and fennel aioli- green and white asparagus with tonnato sauceSolid eats all around. Too bad my friend had to leave for SF while i had a flight to Kastrup. We could have just lounged around had some drunks and just kept eating. The communal bar and tables and small plates make for good sharing. They even have a large steak course for sharing too. Talked to a guy from Calgary about the food trip he was taking and how much he loved The Chicago food scene. Avec was definitely up there for him as he'd returned for a second meal before going back to Calgary. It seems the mistake we made was we went to Avec after eating already and tried too few things. Next time we show in a bigger group, try way more things and put the communal concept to good useI had to try avec before I left for law school because I had heard such wonderful things. All in all I had a pretty good experience with one letdown.Service wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either. I've noticed that service can be a problem at these communal table type restaurants, very busy and workman-like. However everything came out correctly and there weren't any egregious waits so it was fine.My friend and I ordered the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, the whipped brandade, the pork shoulder, and the chocolate praline soufflé cake for dessert.The food was mostly a hit. I absolutely adored the dates and the brandade. Amazing dishes not to be missed. I thought the pork shoulder was cooked perfectly but didn't love the sauce. However, I feel that was more that it wasn't a taste I prefer because my companion loved it.My main problem was with dessert. I have high expectations for restaurant desserts because I can cook pastry pretty well and avec just didn't cut it for me. The soufflé cake was cold and fallen, which I had been warned about. I didn't object to that but the sauce wasn't very good and the berries didn't appear or taste transformed in any way. All in all it felt like an afterthought and I didn't bother finishing it.Still the dates and brandade made up for the letdown at the end mostly. I'd return, but wouldn't order dessert again. I'd much rather go to Hot Chocolate after my meal or get a dessert in mk's lounge.First off, they don't take reservations so plan on being there 1hr-1hr and 30min before u know you will be hungry and put your name down. They can take your cell number down and text u.Grab a drink at their outdoor waiting area or go to the Embeya (another restaurant across the st) and sit at the bar as we did. I think we ended up waiting close to 2 hrs due to the staff being behind. But the ladies at the front and I am assuming the manager really made up for our long wait. This place had EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Friendly and good looking staff!!!!What we ate: 1)The chorizo stuffed medjool dates $12 were so yummy, crunchy on the outside and lotsa chorizo and sweet date, flavor inside.2) Seared Shrimp and radish salad $14 Very refreshing with a great smoky shrimp flavor done really well. If you like eating the shrimp head like me, you will love this dish. 3) Wood over roasted pork shoulder $21 This dish looks small but is very meaty and filling as it has bomba rice, green beans and clam.If I could've eaten any more I would have ordered:The prosciutto plate $13Whole roasted fish with olives and fennel $m.p.Butcher steak with the black mustard seed vinaigrette $1555 day aged ribeye with roasted watermelon, feta cheese and red chile harissaOverall great restaurant. Communcal style seating which feels somewhat cramped but filled with cool ppl so it should be fun. Def would go there again.Stopped in for a glass of wine and a light bite which was an excellent seared shrimp with radishes and beans.  The dressing was a limoncello dressing, which was so perfect that I am going to try to replicate the dish at home with my homemade limoncello!  Great place, want to back back and try a variety of dishes next time.Personal favorite spot on Randolph....great date spot.  Chorizo stuffed dates, ridiculousKnowing that it was a "cheese and meat" kind of place, I didn't expect to have many options as a vegan, but I agreed to come here with my omnivorous friends. While the ambiance was modern and laid-back chic, we were all quite disappointed by both the service and the food. We ended up waiting for a total of an hour and a half: half an hour to get seated, and another hour for food. While I do like their long wooden tables, it is not flexible to different party sizes. We had to share a table with two other parties, and one party was extremely loud and obnoxious. When I asked the waitress if anything on the menu could be made vegan, she wasn't very helpful in figuring out options for me. As for the food, my friends ordered the chorizo stuffed dates and the oven roasted pork shoulder, and I ordered the werp farm greens salad and oyster mushrooms. The salad was very small and nothing special. The oyster mushrooms were ridiculously salty. By the end of the meal, none of us were in the mood for dessert given the long wait and the unsatisfactory flavors of our dishes.People are deluded with the reputation that this restaurant built for the past 15 years.  The original star chef, Coren, left and the artful delicacy of small plates went with her. All the fools bellowing praise below are the same ones who would be deceived by  atrocious wine masked in a high price. Whoever this new chef is has trashed this place like a toddler scribbling all over a Picasso.  The grilled bass, bland to perfection, is sloshed into soupy onion water...why would a chef fry a crisped fish and then toss it into watery soup?  Adorning this tasteless waste are second hand clams still in their shells but pitifully spongy  and retired.  At least the chef could have humored his clams with a buttery garlic concoction or something appropriate, but even that was denied.The squid dish is another offensive presentation of over-fired in soupy, over-spiced Prego sauce.  It is complete with a topping of melted government cheese. Next, the large prawns.  Paired with what this chef thinks is a brilliant green sauce but is in fact a wilted spinoff of wasabi.  Then of course there is a small vegetable dish, but even that was cheated out of decency and resembled late night stir fry from Mr. Chen's Chinese. Congratulations new chef, Wu Bower, you have ruined a gem that used to add value to the city of Chicago.  Ghetto hip hop music and red sports jerseys are the new wait-staff uniforms.  Couldn't think of better finishing touches.Enjoy!!Order the bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates just like everyone is telling you to.I came here with the highest expectations as my boyfriend called it "his favorite restaurant in Chicago" and might have to agree. We got the dates, the pork shoulder with couscous, and also tried the salumi/gorgonzola/creme fraiche pizza. Everything is fantastically done and beautifully presented too. Even the olives the people next to us were eating smelled and looked good. We split an Atomium beer and left super full and super happy just off three dishes.The best part, in my opinion, was that we were singing along with Outkast and Jay-Z as we ate. Talk about a good first time to a Michelin-rated restaurant.Currently my favorite restaurant in Chicago. The interior is beautiful, the atmosphere is great, and though the communal sitting might get uncomfortable during its busy hours, it's all part of the experience.The dishes I've tried:Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates - Their most popular dish, and you'll know why when you try it. The saltiness of the smoked bacon and chorizo combined with the sweetness of the dates is like nothing I've ever tasted. The piquillo pepper-tomato sauce makes the dish even more outstanding. This is not your ordinary bacon-wrapped dates.Whole roasted fish - I'm a fan of white fish, so this one really hit the spot. The salty flavors of lavender vinaigrette mixed with olives, fennel and arugula is perfection.Squid ink pasta with steamed mussels -  Didn't know what to expect and was most pleasantly surprised. The thick alla chitarra noodles are buttery and savory, and though the flavors of the chili and basil are a bit understated, I think the sea urchin butter is the highlight of the dish. The delicious, salty mussels also balance out the noodles at the end.Seared shrimp - Not anything groundbreaking, but still as delicious as shrimps could be. The shrimp is spiced perfectly, and the unique combination of the corona beans, radish top pest and roasted radish with limoncello vinaigrette makes the dish a satisfying treat.Lamb sausage - As a huge lamb fan, this was not my favorite dish. Just don't expect anything more than the dish description: lamb sausage with carrots, zucchini, dill, cilantro, green harissa and sesame seeds.Anise-marinated hanger steak - Oh, the meat, the meat, the meat was perfect. Perfectly cooked. And who knew adding avocado to steak could be so good??Recommended wine:Ataide Semedo Bairrada Tinto 2010 - I personally LOVED the smoothness of this red wine. It went well with all of our dishes.Amazing food! I would've rated 5 stars but only gave it 4 because of the sub-par service.We started off with the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. It was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. Even if this was the only thing I ate, i would've been completely sated.Then the oyster mushrooms with roasted artichokes, goat feta, endive and black garlic vinaigrette. A simple dish with such complex flavors all brought together very nicely.I'm not a fan of chicken but we ordered the roasted half chicken and was very pleased. Very tender and filled with so much flavor. For my taste, it was slightly on the saltier side, but then again, I tend to eat more bland then most.And finally we had the anise-marinated hanger steak accompanied by an avocado puree. The steak was on the slightly tougher as expected but full of so much flavor and the anise was not overpowering. Overall, it was an amazing dining experience, worth the 1.5 hour wait  and I certainly look forward to going back soon.Every dish my party ordered was amazing. It was well worth the wait.We had the stuffed bacon wrapped dates, the house charcuterie, pork shoulder, and the grilled shrimp with soramame beans. For dessert we got some cappuccinos and nutter butter, which were chocolate/caramel toffees cut into square pieces. Lemme just tell you, every bite of the food there was orgasmic. I highly recommend you going at least once in your lifetime.The only downside is that it is one of the most crowded restaurants I've ever been to. The communal style seating is a bit restrictive and also a little awkward. Super casual, so don't go with a jacket. I was with a party of 4 and we waited for about an hour and a half. There's a nice restaurant next to Avec with a bar though, so we stayed there.TL;DR definitely go if you got the time.The wines, the chorizo stuffed dates, clams, small plates with huge flavors. This place is great. If you do go, get there early or wait forever. I used to go with Clients while in Chicago for work dinners. Its so inexpensive and super gourmet to the bone. The first of its kind---this is the blueprint for all other tapas places around Chicagoland. I live in So Cal and we have nothing that touches a candle to this. We are blessed to eat here.There is nothing on this menu that is not MAGNIFICENT - paired with an excellent selection of wine. Its gourmet simplicity is impeccable.There are three dishes on the menu I die for, dream of, etc.1. "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs (heavy herbs)2. chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce (a bit spicy)3. squid ink pasta alla chitarra with steamed mussels, chili, basil and sea urchin butter (insatiably excellent).Those three dishes = happy foodie camper.I love you Avec, if only I didn't have to wait so long (: XOXOXThough I would more so rate this place 4 stars than 5, Avec gets 5 stars from me JUST for their amazingly delicious heavenly chorizo-stuffed dates. I came here with my friend that I was visiting in Chicago, and this was one of the restaurants on our must-go list. With reviews always talking about how long the line is and how this place doesn't take reservation, we decided to come here early at around 4:30 on a Friday afternoon. When we got there, half the restaurant was empty so we got seated right away. What we got: Chorizo-Stuffed Dates: heaven on earth. Literally. If i could eat this forever, I would. I would also probably come here JUST for this. Yes, I would fly 4-5 hours from SoCal to Chicago and take the EL train to Avec JUST FOR THIS.....if i had the money to, that is. If you don't get this dish here, you're completely out of your mind. Originally, I was scared that it'd be too salty because the dates are stuffed with chorizo (which is already a saltier type of meat) but it's ALSO wrapped in bacon (which is also on the salty side), but the dates were sweet enough to counter balance that and the tomato based sauce that the dates came with was rich and spicy enough to just balance everything together. The sauce was so good, if I had extra bread, I probably would've cleaned the plate. Shrimp: My friend ordered this, and I didn't have any of this, but the shrimps looked like a good portion and my  friend seemed to enjoy it. Burnt Flour Pasta: This was meh. There wasn't much to it, the pasta was kind of oily from all the butter, no outstanding flavors, and the pasta just tasted like whole wheat. Pork Shoulder: This was also really good. The pork shoulder was pretty soft and moist for the most part and I liked how they used clams and rice to counter balance the rich flavors and the rice really soaked up all the flavors of both the pork and clams, which I enjoyed. The portion is really big so it's worth the $21, but I was literally bursting by the end of the meal. The only part I didn't like about the dish was this weird yellow mustard-y sauce they put on top of the pork. I could've done without it and I personally think it would've tasted much better without it, but again, that's just me. The only complaint I have about this restaurant is that the service kind of sucked. I understand slow and inattentive service if the restaurant was really busy and packed, but at the time we went, it was pretty empty, so they had no excuse for that.What a gem! Incredible!  Ordered the Pinot Noir, grilled octopus, whole snapper, bacon wrapped chorizo, and warm chocolate cake. Great space, albeit loud and good service. Inside reminded me of Momofuku noodle bar in NYWe felt so fortunate to get here and not have to wait especially since they don't take reservations. We had several dishes including the chorizo stuffed dates which my girlfriend loved. I had some reservations about mixing fruit with meat but it turned out delicious, definitely a must-order. The other dish that stood out was the arugula and proscuitto pizza. It was definitely the most gourmet pizza I've had with a brick oven taste. I personally loved the all-wood decor and the casual environment as well.What a gem.Depending on when you come, be prepared for a long wait and communal seating.However, the food is worth the wait :)There were 8 of us and we ordered tons of plates and enjoyed most of them. I especially loved the charizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, best I've ever had.Was there with the boys recently, quite a happy place to be, has a lively crowd and you get to tap free Wi-Fi. The high bar seats get you rubbing shoulders with strangers and you are more likely to walk out of there with a new friend. We often favor the bacon dates but once in a while get a taste of their chorizo stuffed dates and flat bread or the focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs. Their cooking is impeccable and the waiters are really good at their jobs.  The best part is we go there without having made reservations earlier, it's a good impulse hang out place. By the way do not get scared away by their wait time, it's often blown out of proportion, we were once told to wait an hour but actually only waited 20 minutes.It took me a while to finally make my way here, but now that I have, it's seems like a great spot to go to on any weeknight.  Great atmosphere, great wine selection, great service and of course great food.  The space is limited and they don't take reservations.  As a vegetarian, the selection is limited so I won't be going there that often, but at the same time, I didn't leave with wanting anything more.  My friend and I share salad, focaccia and pasta.  The focaccia was exceptionally good, the ricotta still lingers on my mouth.  I would come here just for the focaccia and wine alone.This was another restaurant we wanted to try while we were visiting Chicago.  We had put our name down, and were seated about 30-40 minutes later.  Overall, my bf and I  enjoyed the food.  We decided to order the chorizo stuffed medjool dates because that's what everybody on Yelp pretty much recommended, and I am now one more person to do so!  The dates were excellent, with a great combination of sweetness, saltiness, and spiciness to them.  We also ordered the cheese platter, which was amazing.  The oyster mushrooms had a nice sweetness to it.  The large plate of the pork shoulder was unfortunately a miss for me.  Even though all the previous dishes we ordered were very savory, the pork shoulder was pretty bland to me.  Nevertheless, I would still recommend anyone in the area or visiting to give this restaurant a try!I've always wanted to eat in a restaurant where I could say in the end, wow... that was worth it! And I finally found it. Avec is a fancy bistro positioned on Randolph, close to Blackbird. Their French food is really delicious; I particularly liked foccacia with fresh herbs, truffle oil, and ricotta. Of course the variety is endless, and although the portions are small, the taste is worth every dime. I was really impressed by the atmosphere of the bistro. I we went on a Friday night if I'm not mistake, a couple of weeks ago. We didn't have a reservation but a really nice waiter invited us to the bar and he said that we could get us a table in 20 minutes. We didn't mind waiting around to have some drinks prior to our meal. I immediately noticed that Avec is a really popular place in the neighborhood. People were greeting each other, the chefs from the open kitchen were saluting everyone, and the overall vibe of the place really helped us have a great time.Super cute place. Located next to Blackbird on Randolph. May be hard to located because you don't really see the name for the place, there's no lit up sign. The place is long and narrow. Lots of people walking around and it's a bit hard since the place is narrow. The wood interior of the restaurant is simple and modern. We came in at around 9:30 on a Saturday night and was told the wait was expected to be around an hour but we were called to sit at the bar within about 20 minutes. Everyone was super friendly! Oh, and they do complimentary coat check =) and yes ladies, there are hooks under the bar for your purses.Food ordered were..Bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates - were pretty good, although I'm not a big fan of bacon nor dates. The mixture of flavors worked well together though. The sweetness of the dates, the spice of the chorizo and the saltiness of the bacon balanced everything. This is worth trying.focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs - i loved this! it's like a light thin pizza. loved the wood burnt bottom and the sweet cheese and truffle oil. yum yum! one of the waiters brought over some honey for us to eat it with and it was perfect!Pasta with lamb Bolognese - not a lot of lamb but it was a good pasta dish, i especially liked that it wasn't a heavy pasta dish. Nothing too extraordinary about this dish though..Tangier carrot cake w/ whipped goat cheese and pineapples - the cake was good but i wasn't really liking the whipped goat cheese, it was a bit too sour for the cake.A nice place to check out. Lots of wine to choose from and everyone here is really friendly. Small portions here, great to try everything and to share. No reservations!We had an excellent meal here.  I don't quite remember the details of everything, but we ordered a handful of dishes and enjoyed all of them.  The chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped medjool dates were a nice blend of sweet and savory, if a bit heavy.  The braised pork shoulder was flavorful and very tender.  We got some sort of squid casserole that, for me, was surprisingly good.  And we had some sort of other meat dish that involved fresh pasta - it was so good, with fantastic texture.  We also got a chilled asparagus dish, which was good but stood out the least for me.We finished with their "nutter butters" and an affogato.  The affogato is what you'd expect, nice espresso over ice cream.  The nutter butters were quite tasty - flaky and peanut buttery and sweet, but not too sweet.Service was great.  Also, we got there right around 6 on a Sunday and were lucky enough not to have a wait.Perfection - local must try!!another Chicago favorite. the place is very small so the wait time can be quite long and hard for big groups. however the wait for two is quite fast. very trendy place. the food is spectacular. we ordered a ton of small plates and shared it amongst four people and it was perfect.Thanks to the trusty Yelp app, I was in Chicago on business and wanted to grab a late night snack and found this was close by my hotel.  We got there around 11pm and the place was PACKED!  Luckily, it wasn't too long of a wait and we got some seats at the bar in about fifteen minutes.The place reminds me of a little bar you might find in Brooklyn.  The people are trendy, the lines are clean and the menu is simple and fresh.  We got a few apps and a bottle of wine and were having a grand old time.  The bartender was also super friendly and super helpful, giving us tips on where to visit during our stay in Chicago.I wish there was a place like this in Charlotte!  If there were, it would definitely be a regular stop for me.My experience at Avec was disastrous, I would give it 1/5 for the service. After 2 hours wait on a Saturday night (7/20/13) my friends and I were seated.  While I was eating, water was dripping on my head from the ceiling, the only respond I received from the staffs were "it's just water". They didn't bother to compensate or move us to another area.  After we finish our entrees,  we ask about our dessert,  the waitress respond was "I forgot". She didn't even apologize, I was so disappointed by the experience I decided not to order anymore.  As for the food, it was not memorable.  We ordered the pork shoulder dish, a squid dish, a salmon dish, a shrimp dish, and the dates dish. The only plates that stood out were the shrimp and dates dish. I had better pork shoulder from the purple pig or girl and the goat. Therefore, I would give the food 3/5.4.5/5.0"good things come to those who wait"avec truly believes so. places like this like to scare people with their wait-time estimation and no reservation system.  We arrived at 8:30 and they told us it would be a 30-45 minutes wait, and there was literally no space to wait inside. So what? we popped over to blackbird for a cocktail! basically killing two birds with one stone!  About 15 mins later, as we just put in our drink orders at Blackbird, avec called us! what a tease! So we chugged our drinks and head back to avec. The communal table at avec is what people often complain about - I don't care. I actually don't understand why people make such a big deal out of "personal space." Back in Asia I basically got touched and pushed by strangers all day long - in a platonic non-creepy way. Plus I always peek at people's food to make sure I order the right thing, so their seating style was actually a plus. Needless to say we struck up a conversation and a quick laugh with the table next to us. The 4 of us shared some plates: bacon dates, octopus, focaccia, pork shoulder, asparagus, and the affogato and carrot cake for desert! The amount of food was fine for 4 people, but I'd be honest and say if it was just me and the boy we'd probably order at least 2-3 more dish. Everything looks and sounds delicious. We were eating with friends so we had to behave!  The quality of the food is another story. Everything was delicious and well-done. My personal favorite is the grilled octopus and the focaccia - crispy bread, melty cheese, and a perfect touch of truffle aroma and herbs. My friends also complimented on the bacon dates and the pork shoulder, which combined the perfect amount of tender and fatty meat well done - the meat was cooked soo well we didn't even need a knife, and it melted in your mouth! Desert is probably Avec's weakness. I loved my affogato, but I didn't care for the carrot cake much, it was rather dry! But tis ok, I was happy with the rest of the meal. Service was good, and the space/decor was unique. Perhaps among the best restaurants I've been to in Chicago. With a bottle of wine and the plates, we spent $40/person which was not bad at all. We could have ordered a little bit more and pigged out. Moral of the story: only go to avec with people who you're comfortable sharing everything with!We went for a pre-theater dinner and fortunately, no wait for a table. My gf and I were impressed with the personal service as well as the food.Wine service was excellent - we got to try four different kinds before we settled on a bottle.The truffle flatbread had a good texture to it and lots of truffle goodness. Some parts of it were a bit too salty. You could easy find out way - the Asian line chef being way too aggressive with the salt (bamming the shit out of it, thinking he was Emeril). The bacon-wrapped chorizo were 100% enjoyable; a good amount of heat but so well balanced. Don't order a white wine with this.The squid ink pasta with mussels was delicious. We make this at home and the dish reminded us of our pasta dinners though it's a debate who's is better ;) They gave us extra bread to soak up the leftover juice. The lavender ice cream (stonefruit dessert) was just ridiculously flavorful and interesting - not overpowering  but a good mixture between subtle lavender and creamy milk goodness. It was a study on ice cream, similiar to that of the tobacco ice cream at Craigie on Main (in Boston). Good balance to the stonefruit, which were a bit tart.Burrata, smoked trout salad, leek bruschetta. Simply outstanding. All of it.Sat at the bar and also had the pork shoulder.  I can't say enough about this place. They need to bring this place to NYC!This place was awesome--my only gripe was that we were seated about 45 minutes after we were originally told (we were given a 2 hour wait time, so we put our name in and got drinks elsewhere, but the wait ended up being closer to 3 hours), but the staff couldn't have been more gracious, and gave us 2 free small plates for the inconvenience.The food was fantastic! I'm not a chorizo fan at all, but the chorizo-stuffed dates were by far my favorite part of the meal. They were sweet, spicy, and easy to share--I'd have ordered an entire dinner of those if I could! I didn't get a chance to try the oyster mushrooms, but the other people in my party shared an order and said they were fantastic. The squid ink pasta was flavorful while still being mild enough for those not too keen on seafood, and the pork shoulder was wonderful. The cheese accompaniment was good, but your stomach won't need it if you double down on the small and large plates like we did--the dates in particular are surprisingly filling. For dessert, we ordered the nutter butters and the seasonal sorbet/gelato. While the gelato was tasty, the nutter butters were absolutely the better dessert choice. Overall, the food was great, service was quick, friendly and knowledgeable, and the meal, while not cheap, was more cost-effective than I anticipated going in. The biggest obstacle is just getting in the door. I would definitely come back!Simply Stunning. This was such a wonderful dining experience (even though it started after 10 PM). I went in with high expectations and they were all exceeded. For two couples, the waitress suggested several items and not one disappointed. I think I talked about the "deluxe" focaccia for days, it was INCREDIBLE. Pork shoulder was delicious, truly each of the seven or so items were really fantastic. The entire meal ended up being quite affordable as well, attributed mostly to the fact that there was a bottle of wine on the menu that was delicious and under $20.Yes! 1,000th review. I went to Avec for the first time on Valentine's day. I cannot believe it has taken me this long to check it out. We arrived at 7pm and it was really crowded while we waited. It was uncomfortable but our estimated 1 hour wait ended up only being about 35 minutes. Not bad, especially considering they took our drink orders and brought them to us while we waited. I like the ambiance. It is nicer and high end, but I would have felt perfectly comfortable in jeans and a t-shirt. There is no pretension here, just a perfect balance of casual and sophistication. We sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine. I like the price range they have for their wine selection. I don't have a very developed palate for wine so I was perfectly content ordering the $19 bottle. They had nicer ones available but I wouldn't have known the difference. We shared the foccacia bread which was great. I wouldn't want it to be my whole meal but it was great to share. I ordered the chicken thigh with brussels sprouts. It was amazing. Even though it was a small plate it still filled me up. I wanted to order another one just to take it home with me. It was that good. My boyfriend ordered the pork shoulder. I usually don't like pork but they somehow made this pork so perfectly that it melted in my mouth. I will admit, it was fantastic. For dessert we shared an affogato. I assumed I had the best affogato possible in Italy, but Avec's trumps anything I had there. Again, I considered ordering another one it was so good. I had the tasting menu at Blackbird a few days prior and I was far more impressed by the few things I tried at Avec (and the prices were way more reasonable). This is definitely going to be one of my regular spots.Wish I could go here all the time, but the secrets out! Avec is awesome and everyone knows it. Gotta get there super early to snag a table. But you won't be disappointed.The focaccia flatbread appears in my dreams every now and then. Must-try. Then again, everything I've had is outstanding. Can't order wrong!Oh My Goodness... I'm in love! I came to Chicago on business and wanted to venture out to eat some delicious food!  I came to the right place when I walked into Avec.  Although they don't take reservation, and it was about a 2 hour wait for 1, I decided to have a seat at the bar, enjoy a glass of wine, and wait to get my eat on! I ordered their chorizo stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon and their wood-oven roasted squid. OMG! I was in heaven.  First of all, I don't even like sweet meat, so I was really leaning against the dates.  But all the reviews talked about it, so I had to do it! I'm glad I did.  Such a delicate flavor that isn't overwhelming, and even had a bit of a spice kick to it!  Their squid dish was indescribable.. I want to say it's like a casserole, but it's not! I really can't describe it.. all I know is, typically I don't like squid as it always gets overcooked or too chewy.. and this place has me craving for it!Avec- I'll be back in 1 week! I can't wait to eat more of your delicious creations!What am I supposed to write that someone else hasn't.  Some love it, some love to hate it.  I felt it was entirely average and over rated.  Some say its the best place in the city to grab a bite- those people are crazy.  1-star haters clearly have some axe to grind and are bitter... I lay in the middle.  I enjoyed the look of this place (its a wooden box similar to a large sauna- and they have a nice little menu.  Their wine selection is fair, but a bit over rated and priced in my opinion.  The chorizo-stuffed, bacon -wrapped dates were the headliner of my dining experience... but then again they are for most visitors.  I would say the perfect trip here would be a glass of whatever their "house" wine is and get the dates... then head out for an adult-sized dinner elsewhere.  Its the perfect place to kick off an evening, not much more for me.Finally made it to Avec this past weekend and enjoyed my dining experience there.  Our party of 4 showed up on a Friday night and had a wait of over an hour - we expected this and headed over to Sepia for drinks and apps to pass the time.  The hostess texted us once our table was ready and we walked over and were promptly seated.  The restaurant is a tight fit - with community tables and seating at the bar there isn't a ton of room to maneuver in the wooden place (by wooden place - everything looks like wood ceiling to floor which makes the sound bounce everywhere... meaning it's loud).We ordered a bottle of wine from the Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, and French options available (we also had port after dinner - and props for having a Pedro Ximenez option!!).  The service was efficient - our server attended to us but was not overbearing at all and had a very good grasp of the menu and wine selections.We ordered the chorizo bacon wrapped dates which were amazing.  I could have stopped after these as they were cooked to perfection and were incredibly tasty!  We pressed on to the lamb sausage, the salad (just OK - very lemony), the stuffed focacia bread (very rich)  and finally the braised pork shoulder which was also outstanding.  This was an ample amount of food for our group and we really enjoyed it.I can see how people may not like the community seating aspect, but we enjoyed the vibe in the place (lots of 90s hip hop in the background) and we were able to carry on a conversation throughout dinner.  I would certainly like to return to sample other items from the menu.Came here b/c of the hype all over Yelp.  To ensure a seat, I came here an extra 30 mins early to line up until doors opened (I think you can grab a seat even an hr after they open so no rush).  Tried the dates, focaccia and salad.  Please do try the dates and some refreshing salads however; though the focaccia was a bit dry (big serving) and too buttery (prolly the olive oil).  The staff and service was spectacular and would def. come here again on my next visit minus the focaccia (which was recommended by the restaurant to try).Please note that their menu is seasonal so you will not see the same menu if you are not a regular here (except for the popular items such as the dates).Believe the hype, I'm a fanYummy! The pork shoulder and focaccia bread were awesome!  Somehow we made it before the rush on a weekday (maybe like 6:30) and uh three of us snagged a seat at the barite heard the wait can be brutal so I. Really glad we were seated right away  the interior is not too impressive but the story around it is. The food is as fantastic as everyone says - come try for yourself!Service was outstanding.  Went there after a musical just to have appetizers and dessert ... Portions are tiny but the food was outstanding.  Quail was some of the best I've ever had.  Dessert was a bit of a mixed bag.  My husband got the pumpkin cake - delicious!  The chocolate pudding tasted strange - gummy.  When I mentioned this to our server, she automatically took it off our bill.. When you charge as much as you do at blackbird you do get the quality and service you pay for.  We are going back to eat the full tasting menu!Bonjour Avec, je suis enchante!  Ecoutez bien, Avec c'est super chouette!  Yes that's right, this French place has knocked off Girl & the Goat as my favorite Chicago restaurant... Sorry Ms. Izard, I am for real.From the first shared small plate to the last excessive bite of dessert, I felt a certain je ne sais quoi.  Here's the detailed recap:-barbequed octopus - I can safely say I've never had octopus this way, but from now on, that's how I always want it served.  The soft polenta gave this dish an unreal level of creaminess.  The slaw-like accouterments added a delicious contrasting crunch.-chorizo stuffed dates - this was delicious, but after all the hype on yelp, I was slightly underwhelmed.  The flavors were great, but lacked the depth of the octopus.-pqm 'nduja fatunta - this was a spreadable salami served on sourdough.  The parsnip mostarda added a beautifully contrasting sweetness to accompany the savory.  -whipped brandade - technically we didn't order this, but the garcon next to us did and he overheard us drooling over it.  He was super nice and shared a few bites with us gluttonous little piggies.  Brandade is an emulsion of salt cod and olive oil and spreads deliciously on a baguette.  Definitely try this.-wood oven roasted pig shoulder - the flavors and the broth in this dish, mon dieu!  By the time we got this we were both uncomfortably full, but we couldn't help stuffing our faces regardless.  This is the best prep of pork I've had, bar none.  Way better than the pork on the Next Sicily menu.  Yup, I went there.-toasted ricotta poundcake - because there's always room for dessert.  The blueberry gelato complemented the poundcake perfectly.  The slight tartness acted as a perfect digestif.This place is LOUD.  Don't be surprised if you're a little hoarse from screaming at your dinner companion that the food is amazing all night.  What?  AMAZING?  YEAH, I KNOW!The communal seating means it's not too long of wait if you've got a small party.  Make friends with your neighbors and maybe you'll get to try a few extras.Had the fettunta - crisp crostini almost soaked in bely fat. if you are into that go ahead. but the nduja was nice. feeling sorry i didn't scrape the nduja off of the bread. personally felt that the brad was inedible because of the grease. the proscuitto was plenty and very nice. i would have wanted something acidic to complement the salt. there were two tiny grapes. The pizza - it was nice. With tiny pieces of the salami, the tartness of the brocollini and the cheese all went very well together.and for dessert, we had the spumoni and the warm ricotta filled crepes. The crepes were amazing. it came with rhubarb compote so the sweetness was easily balanced out by the rhubarb. the spumoni is like a slab of ice cream with three layers - pistacui, berry and chocolate. decent if you don;t want to go for gelatos.n always get the chocolate crisps. they are nice. u can get them at Publican quality Meats as well.I ve always found avec to have consistently good food. Food and service may sum up to four star but i d add the fifth just for being  a dependable source of gastronomic delight. The menu changes so reviewing items is pointless. Of course the dates, the pork shoulder, the crostini..my other favorites are gone though. But i m not worried.I have a big crush on Avec after brunching there...can't get it out of my mind for the days to followTaking the advice of other Yelpers and reviewers my girlfriend and I got here right as they opened on a Saturday night so we could get a spot at the bar.  The simplistic decor and lack of a normal bar setup (TVs, etc) alowed us to have nice conversation and even mingle with other patrons.The waiter was extremely knowledgeable as we bombarded him with questions.  He knew how every single dish was prepared and could compare rare ingredients to other things we've probably tried.  He was very helpful with our drink selections too.Some of the dishes that stood out were the marinated chicken thigh with bomba rice, charmoula, red kuri squash and apples. The other dish that was by far our favorite was the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.  We would not have ordered those without the waiter's recommendation and we are so glad we did.  It was one of the best small plates I've ever had.how many times have i come here and loved you, avec? I still love you and you still have an excellent kitchen, but you arent evolving very quickly. the 2 mainstays of the menu are:- truffle/tallegio flatbread- bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed datesthe other stuff is generally pretty good, but it's not always amazing, which is why you've slipped from a 5 to a 4.Hip and swank dining location.  Appeals to a very hipster crowd, but they are doing very exciting things with the menu.  This was honestly my favorite spot in Chicago, and I tried Purple Pig and The Girl & The Goat the same weekend.Chorizo Stuff Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates:  A+Sweet, salty, savory all at once.  Cooked incredibly well.  A house favorite and a very innovative dish.Chilled Asparagus with Creme Fraiche and Hazelnuts:  A+Very refreshing dish.  Asparagus was incredibly tender without losing its snappy consistency.  Hazelnuts threw in a great texture.Braised Pork Belly:  ACooked the perfection; no complaints here.  Perfectly seasoned.  Garnish was refreshing and complimented the fattiness of the pork.Pan Roasted Sea Bass:  ACenter was a perfect medium rare.  Incredibly juicy, the skin was perfectly seared but the meat did not retain any flakiness whatsoever.  Had kind of an Asian flavor in the garnish which went really well.Crepe with Roasted Rhubarb:  ACooked to perfection.  Perfect amount of char on the crepe and rhubarb.  We put the sorbet on top of this and made our own desert.  Amazing flavors.Rhubarb Sorbet:  AA+.  Housemade, not overly sweet.  Went incredibly well with the crepe.Overall, they have some majorly innovative dishes.  Can't wait to come back here and try other things.  Service was great.I will never forget that first day of March when Mother, Bippy and I learned of the passing of our Dear Uncle Oswald -- connoisseur, bon vivant, arachnophile, opera-lover, Chinese porcelain expert and the greatest fornicator of all time. I was swimming (breast stroke, darling: the crawl is so pedestrian) at the Everglades Club with that trout-eyed Auchincloss clan. Bippy was sunning himself at The Breakers (or so he says, but we ALL know what he was REALLY doing) and Mother and George Hamilton were carrying-on like a pair of love-sick public-school teenagers at Mar-A-Lago. A man, a tan, a plan: George Hamilton.We never -- NEVER -- learned the cause. The coroner's report read death was asphyxiation by ascot. Gloria told Truman who told Slim who told Papa who told Juan in a rum-fueled conversation over the care and cultivation of dasyglossum orchids that Unc suffered from an overdose of Sudanese blister beetle, and yet the general manager at The Chesterfield hinted at FOWL PLAY at the hand of a band of nefarious, unsavory characters who had assembled in The Leopard Lounge that evening, guests of The Sultan's.Well, you know me: I can't abide a lack of closure and I won't. Obviously upset  by the 50-year anniversary of Uncle Oswald's death yesterday -- why, I had to take a fourth gimlet just to calm my nerves -- Maurice announced that it was time to put an end to our search for an explanation. He called an Emergency Seance, which frankly, is out-of-line: he may be family but he's still staff. I'm sure he had my best of intentions at heart so I didn't raise a fuss. Bippy showed for the event, as did Mya and Wolf (who were already at Chez Moi to adjust my sphenoids), we dragged Chef out of the kitchen, and of course my BFF Eugenia arrived in a minute, as God knows she has nothing better to do with her day.That's seven. And everyone -- EVERYONE -- knows that it takes eight -- Eight is Enough -- to conduct a proper seance. So what did Maurice do? Do you guess? Do you guess? Do you? He invited Blanche (Blanche!). She had the audacity to arrive by private helicopter, escorted by those insufferable, adolescent Brant Boys. I'll have no part of them.AND....Nothing! We tried, but we could not summon dear Uncle Oswald from his grave. His demise remains a mystery....Well, let me tell YOU: nothing stimulates the appetite as much as an attempt to rouse the dead! Maurice suggested that the eight of us -- minus Chef and Mya and Wolf, mere hired help -- five of us actually, try Avec for dinner.Avec. Avec! A charming, narrow wooden space (I couldn't help but be reminded of our sauna at the hunting lodge in upper Haapajarvi) so -- SO -- cozy. Friendly servers and bartenders, if they are a bit rough around the edges. And those wines by the glass. Delightful! We each had four! I found the brandade and pork shoulder To Die For, but let me tell you this....THAT TRUFFLE FOCACCIA BREAD was tastier than any lover Mother, Bippy or I have sampled, or shared, and that's saying a lot! I would have never tried it -- focaccia is a tad blue-collar for someone as sophisticated as myself -- but the couple next to us swore by it. Imagine! Me! Talking to strangers! Noshing on scrumptious focaccia! In fact the communal seating -- as dreadful as it sounds -- was a hoot!Anyway, I am returning to Avec to try their bacon-wrapped medjool dates (I haven't indulged in that dish since Serge and I visited the Gettys in Marrakech (before Tabitha's drug-addled descent into madness, paranoia and death)). With Maurice, of course. And if we can entreat Uncle Oswald to join us (he was a man of refined taste, afterall), we shall. And we will!I love the trendy atmosphere of this place. Well decorated with a great vibe. It had been on my list of restaurants to try for about a year before I finally made it there. Man, was I missing out! It was a Saturday night and my two friends and I got a table within 30 minutes. The turnover is pretty quick which is a mega plus at a popular restaurant on Randolph Street on a weekend night. The food is pretty fantastic with a few minor faults here and there. We had the chorizo stuffed bacon-wrapped dates which totally lived up to their rave reviews. SLURP! The pork shoulder was really tender, but there was an abundance of rice and a lack of salt. The squid ink pasta was good, it's just that kind of dish that I want to love, but I can only bring myself to go with a "like" review. The thought of consuming the oyster mushrooms and the wood-fired squid amatriciana again causes me to salivate. The service was great. Food came out of the kitchen quick, and our server was very kind and knowledgable about food and wine. Another thing that I noticed and loved was the attention to the music selection. Radiohead, The Cure and Depeche Mode with dinner made it even more delectable. Just short of 5-stars for me because of my food review and the fact that if someone has to get up to the restroom, the entire row of people has to get up. Community style seating. Love Avec! I will be going back very soon.I think enough has probably been said about Avec - but I want to support that fact that the stuffed dates - something I would usually NEVER order - are incredible. And the service is so, so great. Everyone was incredibly nice to us. We had a terrific time.Great service and great atmosphere, but it is a little too crowded for me.  Their tables are too tight and they need to expand their restaurant.  The have a long line of wait as well.Great food, tapas style to share and eat.  Best dish we picked were the dates.I ate here with my boyfriend for Valentine's day and the table was too small to hold all of our food.We are from NJ, but if we went back to Chicago, I would definitely go back!  I fully recommend!Avec is definitely a must try!  The wait times can be long because they don't take reservations and it isn't a huge spot, but it is worth the wait.  My friend and I tried several different dishes, and one was better than the next.  Don't miss the dates and make sure to end with the nutter butters!  Check out more info on my blog entry, chezcateylou.com/2013/03…They do not take reservations but we had planned for this, it was sort of fun to go to another bar for a drink in the meantime. We were surprised that the restaurant was still packed in the winter but of course the Chicago winter doesn't slow down any true Chicagoans! For the most part staff was great, some of the bests hostesses and waitress we've had in a while! They don't have a cocktail list but made great classic cocktails. We ordered a gin gimlet and a sidecar which were great! Food was delicious! We ordered the dates, pork shoulder and focaccia. We ended up having leftovers of the focaccia and pork shoulder which both reheated well the next day. We also ordered the nutter butters for dessert. They we good not great but were the perfect size for a small taste of something sweet at the end of the meal.One minor grievance is that the food took a while to come out of the kitchen on account of one of the kitchen staff dropping one of the plates. However, he did come and personally apologized to us.Nice decor, not really a fan of the seating concept, but not a deal breaker. Not bad service but indifferent.Had the squid, shrimp and hanger steak, all very good. Would repeat the squid next time. Didn't have dessert cause they ran out of Tiramisu :(Overall a nice place, would recommend it.Really loved: the space, the staff, the menu. Lacking: Flavor. Zing. Seasoning. I felt a little like the chef was holding back. The flavors certainly weren't wrong-- perhaps muted. Sort of like how one's palate is while flying. Everything is a little blander up there at 40,000 feet. It seemed that way inside this beautiful space. Despite everything I said, I would still go back, I would order many of the same things... And I would have another great evening with wonderful friends and strangers!I went here with my bf for my birthday and was disappointed. I was so excited to try it, but nothing really stood out to me. We had the chorizo dates, which were good, but not that different than similar dishes I've had other places. The pork shoulder was good, but I've made almost that same dish at home. Avec wasn't bad food, I just don't think it lived up to the hype.VIBEWe came here because we were told Au Cheval was a 2-3 hour wait (!). At avec, we were told an hour on a Friday night and really only waited about 20 minutes. It's a long room and they pack in as many people as they came. As Bahi stated, the buzz really adds to avec's charm. I saw Chef Eric roaming about and I secretly wanted to say hi - he made it a point to go over and serve some people. It was nice to see him around the restaurant. WE ATE/DRANKI was expecting to be more "wowed" - maybe it was high expectations. The chorizo stuffed dates were EXCEPTIONAL. Definitely a "must" here. I loved the chicken thigh as well. The steak fell a bit flat for me. The ladies at our table were not as enthused about the octopus. The latter two dishes were good but not great. I will say the value here is quite good. The pinot grigio red wine was great to have as we were waiting. The staff here are really exceptional and though it was prime time they made sure we were taken care of. I love the sharing concept without it being called "tapas." OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK I told that this was a must must must. It was really good but not AMAZING. If you have time, definitely come here but you don't have to make it top 3 - maybe the food quality has gone down since all of the crowd buzz? They're doing brunch now, so it's only going to get busier.sit at the bar and try the stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates with a glass of spanish wine.  UNBELIEVABLE.Chorizo stuffed bacon-wrapped dates.Roasted Pork Shoulder.We ordered two other small plates but these two dishes really stood out and made the entire meal worth it. I would describe them but the reviews below already do that. And I don't want to spoil it. Tapa-like plates that are filling and delicious?! Unheard of. Wait times on Sunday at 7:30 pm was around 20 minutes, but even for the prices (I ordinarily highly dislike highly priced tapas places), Avec was fantastic. Glad I came and I think the rest of the reviews give this place justice.Spectacular. We had the whole roasted fish that was delicious. The "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese was a thinner focaccia than I've had before, but it was super tasty. The roasted pork shoulder was fabulous with collard greens and chorizo. Top thing on the menu was the chorizo stuffed medjool dates - a must for any dinner. The dates were bigger than I expected, and come in a super tasty sauce. .Best stuffed dates I've had. You cannot leave town without trying it.Was here for a long weekend to visit one of my friends. She took me to many many places to eat and you know Chicago got the best of them - this place was my fave!We ordered:-wood-fired squid amatriciana: san marzano tomatoes, guanciale, fideo and fennel aioli -chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce some desserts sorbet and gelatoWe actually just came from lunch and passed by Avec around 3sh. They wanted to try it out and have heard many good things about Avec. Even with full tommy, we still had room for it! Will definitely go back again when I'm in Chi-town.This place was truly memorable and awesome. The fifth star here is for the service. I was in town for a conference and I really wanted to try this place out, except I had a flight to catch literally as soon as I was done with dinner here. The waitress and the manager expedited the food politely and really made the whole experience enjoyable (I, for one, know I would not be happy if a customer came in, sat down, and told me they had to leave right away). Anyway, thank you for that! The food itself is deserving of accolades though.- Yes, the chorizo stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce is deserving of all the hype. The dish has a bit of a spicy kick and paired with the undernote of sweetness from the dates, it's quite delicious. I had to sop up the rest of the tomato sauce with bread too.- Burrata with marinated tomatoes and pork bits. The warm cheese was very delicious, and went very well with the accompaniments. - Wood oven roasted pork shoulder with braised flageolet and roman beans, kielbasa, and pickled banana pepper relish. This dish was awesome! It came out in a small pot and the meat was so tender it fell apart in the mouth. The stew it was cooked in seeped into the meat to really produce a tender, delicious dish.- Pizza with anchovy and greens. This was also quite delicious, and made up for the fact that we accidentally ordered it instead of the flatbread. The salty/briny taste from the anchovy was actually very good on the pizza! (I'm not normally an anchovy on pizza type of guy)The ambience was cool, a small space with a wooden interior (it kind of looks like a sauna, but doesn't feel like one...) and very modern. It works though. I guess if you have back/knee problems it may not be the most comfortable. Anyway, definitely a place to go in Chicago!I did not know my old friend Justin V FTR'd this place, but he did introduce me to it, and indeed, accompanied me on several occasions. We ate well. Fantastically well. This is exactly my kind of restaurant--unpretentious, reasonably priced, innovative. And the icing on the cake? Chefs eat here on their time off. Be sociable...you will most likely sit at one of the long communal tables with others. The wine list is eclectic and well-chosen, skewing towards France (thankfully) but representing other Med countries reasonably well. Food is small plates, largely, with a few large plate specialties tossed in. Everyone inevitably gets the (now cliched) dates stuffed with chourico. The tongue may be the best I've ever had, anywhere. It is ethereal and will blow away whatever pre-conceaved notions you have about this variety meat.Just go.THIS PLACE IS A MUST GO!!! GET THE CHORIZO STUFFED DATES!!! I had dish a year ago and I can still remember how delicious it was. It was that good. Pizza and foccacia was delicious. The brick oven they had definitely made a difference in the quality of the pizza. Bonus points. (Side note - the foaccacia tastes like cholesterol on a plate so be aware)Red snapper was well cooked. The fish was actually moist! It is rare I find places the cooks fish well.Only disappointment was the chocolate dessert. I'd avoid that. Other than that, a great experience. Good food. A helpful and nice waiter that actually knew his food and wine.  Hip crowd. I'd comeback in a heartbeat.Avec does not take reservations. We went on Saturday night. The wait time is about two hours. My suggestion if you plan to sit at 8:00 pm. Go to the restaurant to put your name down at 6:00 pm. They will take your name and number and call you within 1.5 h - 2 h! Setting: The space is a long rectangle shape filled with three long light wood communal tables, open kitchen with bar, birch color wood walls & ceilings. Extremely busy & shoulder to shoulder atmosphere! Bar: "Old man's bar" meaning one type of vodka, brandy, tequila, whisky, and gin. None of that fancy, crafty, pineapple cocktails. Although, I have to tell you my order of dirty martini was by far one of the most well balanced dirty martini in CHICAGO and they do have stuffed blue cheese olives.Food: 1. Baby octopus with squid link linguine, pepper sofrito, butternut squash and chorizo breadcrumbs2. "Deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs3.  The famous chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. Loved the squid link linguine and could really care less for the other dishes. This place was more of a tried it once and I'm over it.I used to be a regular at Avec 4-5 years ago.  I remember it being delicious and bursting with flavor with each and every bite. I recommended this restaurant to many people.  Because of the number of restaurants in Chicago, it has taken me a while to return.  I went last night and was sadly disappointed.  As I was reading the menu, I thought to myself where are all the amazing comfort dishes that I expect from Avec?  I decided to erase my expectations and move forward. I ordered the dates, leek bruschetta and pork shoulder.  Here are my thoughts:dates:  delicious.  the smokey chorizo was unique and bursting with flavor.  So far so good...leek bruschetta:  not a fan.  I thought the leeks would be more caramelized or cooked.  They were broiled momentarily with the fennel, on top of dry grilled bread.  It was flavorless. I add fennel to my meals at home at least once a week so love fennel.  This dish was just okay. I would not recommend it.pork shoulder:  it tasted good enough, but I didn't expect it to have the same flavor as pozole, a mexican soup. (lentils instead of chickpeas though).  Perhaps if they would have added a smokey pepper like chipotle it would have created a more complex flavor.  When you spoon the soup onto your dish, the shoulder lacked flavor.  It needed seasoning. This is typical with soups using large portions of meat BUT, if you are not eating it as a soup and you are expected to spoon it onto a plate, the pork needs salt.  It was good enough, but I've had better in pilsen.Would I go back? The chef has changed. The current chef has a more mexican palate (dates with chorizo, pozole...).  I prefer the original peasant french food from the past. I would not return.The food is insanely yummy! My husband and I always like to sit at the bar closest to the kitchen and prep area. The staff is always so nice, starts conversation, and if you are lucky they will let you sample stuff! The atmosphere and decore is awesome! Good for casual but also good for a romantic date night! Love this place!Cool vibe and great atmosphere. 2 things make this place 5 stars for me:1) Our server Josh was awesome. He knows all the dishes quite well and made great recommendations based on our taste preferences. He is also very attentive without getting in the way and is just a genuinely nice, fun dude!2) The food was fantastic. The grilled octopus was yummy and soft. The Bruschetta was divine. The kale salad was perfectly seasoned and light. Josh also suggested a couple of cheeses to try and they were all perfect. Great wine selection as well.Will definitely return again.Not willing to dine during the early bird hours, we decided to stop by Avec after seeing LesMis at Cadillac Palace Theater.  Being that it was already late, it was no problem for us to get seated right away although we had to be willing to sit by the bar.  It was a refreshing change to sit by the bar and to chat with the bartenders who were just as apt to comment on the food as they were about making wine recommendations.  I asked for the must-haves being that this was our first time here and we settled on the following: the dates which had a nice kick and were so substantially huge, the burrata which was glorious with the mushrooms, the focaccia with notable hints of truffle and last, the squid ink linguini.  We definitely over ordered but everything was so good, it would have been a shame not to indulge.  But perhaps what I appreciated the most was the obvious vibe I got that this place cares more about serving high-quality food rather than being a swanky place with pretentious cocktails.  If this place were in my neighborhood, it would definitely be my go-to place!Their dates were memorable.  Everything else was a sort of average good.  I would definitely pick this place over Publican or Blackbird (same owner).  It can get a little cramped as they do a quasi-communal seating system.  But the ambiance is good unless if you are seated at the table closest to the restrooms.  If your back is turned to the kitchen, be prepared to be bumped throughout your entire meal and make sure you are ok with people overhearing your conversations.  Packed like sardines in a little can.I'll keep this brief, given the abundance of detailed reviews.If you are looking for wonderful food, a social atmosphere, a beautifully decorated restaurant staffed with knowledgeable, helpful in that they recommend great wine and desserts (in our case), and not all up in your face servers, then come here. You will have to supply your own friends and may have to wait a bit to be seated, but it's worth it.Ordered:2 dishes of the chorizo stuffed bacon-wrapped datesdeluxe focaccia roasted pork shoulderwood-fired squidbarbecued octopusmushroom and artichoke dish toasted ricotta pound cakeEveryone enjoyed the focaccia, but my favorites were probably the focaccia, pork shoulder, and the mushroom and artichoke dishes.  For me, personally, I think The Cellar in Evanston does the best job with the stuffed dates (I've had them at Mercat as well), so I guess I might have been somewhat disappointed with Avec's, but they still tasted pretty good.The roasted pork shoulder is a little reminiscent of the braised short ribs Koreans and Taiwanese people eat.  The pork shoulder is moist and filled with just the right amount of flavor and not overpowered with salt.  It's more than enough to share among 6 people, especially if you shared other dishes.  The next time I get to visit Avec, again, I'd like to try to their bruschetta, salad, and other desserts.As I promised I went back for my birthday-ish dinner, and was satisfied with the food.It wasn't a perfect meal, but combining with last dining, I will hand them 5 stars on shaky ground.1. Kale salad- perfectly executed.  The balance between kale and mushroom was excellent.  As good as it can get.2. Fish of the day.- Another hit of the day.  It was a bit pricy (32 bucks), it did the money's worth.  Fish was boned before serving.  The citric flavor of lemon effectively removed the fish odor.  3. Focaccia- Very tasty, my 2 cents here is that it would be better if this is a little cheaper with smaller size.  It was a little bit too much to eat with other dish4. Lamb bolognese- Personally fail of the day.  Lamb by itself wasn't bad, but wasn't really mingled well enough with the pasta, and the taste wasn't up to expectation either.5. Affogato.-Very good.  Very rich vanilla ice cream.So, let's see what happens in my next visit.What can I say that hasn't been said in earlier reviews.  Avec continues to impress and serve unpretentious meals that are simply incredible.  Refined without being snooty, the service is prompt, welcoming, and great with offering suggestions.The pork shoulder ribbolita was amazing.  20 oz. of roasted pork accompanied by pancetta, ciabatta, kale, and beans in a wonderful broth.The perfect restaurant.  Oh, I wish I lived in Chicago so as to dine here more often.  Walked in late afternoon on a Sunday and it was already packed (including with local celebs).  Sat at the bar in front of the kitchen-- it's amazing the quality and pace of food they turn out with just 6 burners and a wood fired oven.  Service was impeccable -- laid back, knowledgeable, witty, knowing exactly when to engage with a suggestion or question.  Enjoyed a beautiful Sauvignon Blanc and Sardinian red that we tasted to match the food selections.  Loved the signature bacon-wrapped dates with spicy tomato sauce, as well as fantastic pork shoulder, labneh, and brussel sprout/panzanella salad.  Saved room for dessert (barely) for the famed nutter butters and a seasonal pumpkin treat. Just the perfect evening with amazing food, drink, service, and friends.Came here later at night after a full meal, so I didn't try a lot. Had an artisan cheese and meat plate of some sort. Meh. Then had the choclate crips. Ok, these are literally paper thin nestle crunch bars. I didn't undertsand why they cost so much.Oh one other thing - I know it's trendy but I do not get the appeal of communal dining.This place is so cool--the whole dining area is practically all made out of wood from wall to ceiling. Anyhow, the service here is pretty nice and helpful. The food here is uniquely amazing. Everything tasted really good. One of my favorite is chorizo-stuffed medjool dates. At first thought, it sounded like weird combo but it was delicious! I also like their homemade pasta and of course, foie gras. The only thing I didn't really like was that as cool as the dining room was made with wood may sound, the wooden chair hurts my butt after awhile. So remember to wiggle and move your bottom around once in awhile.I love Avec. It's great for dinner, it's great for drinks, it's great for snacks. Came here once for after concert drinks and snacks, and the bacon wrapped chorizo dates were exactly what we needed. Ask for extra bread because one small loaf just isn't enough to go with the dates.The space is a little small, but it's never been overly crowded and the wait has never been too long. I definitely prefer Avec to Blackbird.Definitely worth a trip.  Great food, unique flavors, reasonably priced, no fuss.Came here a while back, and I can't remember exactly what we had. We had the dates, of course, which were great. But I also remember the pork shoulder which was fantastic.Seating is snug and it gets a bit loud.I don't know what has taken me so long to dine here cause it's near the top of my long list of Places To Eat! We went on a Saturday night around 7:30pm so of course the wait was long. Two hours later, we were seated at the bar and quickly attended to. We decided to go with a few small plates:-buratta: this was ok, but not very memorable-sardine bruschetta: this was one of the specials and was disappointing. I didn't like the flavor combination-wood-fired squid: you know a dish will be spicy when there is a dollop of cream on top! This was a little too spicy for my liking, but I kept shoving it in my mouth anyway. -bacon wrapped, chorizo-stuffed dates: there is a reason this is a staple menu item! This was my favorite dish. I loved the combination of smokey bacon, spicy chorizo and sweet dates. Would it be weird if I ordered two plates for myself next time?-cheese plate: we were drunk and went with the server's suggestions. I don't remember what cheeses we had, but I remember them being delicious. The plate came with bread, grapes and almonds that were drizzled with something sweet.I would have given this place five stars, but we only liked half of our dishes. I guess we expected more based on the reviews, but I will be back! Service was excellent and I need those dates again ASAP!Hopping in with the rest of the crowd in saying, holy CRAP the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates were amazing. Came here some time ago, so this review is a bit delayed in the writing. I remember the other dishes and the cocktails that we had here also being delish, but this is the plate that really blew the rest out of the water (and apparently my memory). Next time I'm back in Chicago, I'm going here first.Avec has been on my list a looong time.  Being a local, I never made much of an effort to deal with the queues until out of town friends insisted that we have dinner there.  We were told there was an hour and a half wait which was expected for a Saturday 6 PM.  Decor looks like a very simple Japanese ramen joint.  Light colored woods, everything was square.  It's a squeeze so you'll be sharing long tables with strangers.  Noise level is busy but not so loud that you can't hear your companions.  We ordered the chorizo stuffed dates (more date please), tallegio/truffle foccacia (tallegio is my favorite but overall this was too cheesy for me.  everyone else at the table loved it), pork shoulder (much heavier than it looks, lots of veggies), chicken thighs (great, very juicy), veal (pomegranates were a nice touch).  Did the food blow me away?  It was pretty good.  I don't know if the wait and squeeze make it even for me.  I think I feel the same way about Blackbird - it was good but to me just seems like too much of an effort.  I would come back, which is why I'm giving Avec 4 stars.If you ever wonder if your review ratings are skewed, book your next trip to Chicago and dine in Top Chefville. If you consider yourself a true foodie, then save your next trip for Chicago and eat here. If you want to enjoy a perfect meal--and you do nothing else--reserve now. If you've heard about the Publican and Blackbird group, then put this one at the top of a well-respected list of places to visit. I think you get the point. We could not get a reso. last minute, but we arrived around 9 and sat at the cool, modern bar. A quick glance to the end of the bar and we recognized another Top Chef who was dining on her own. At that point, we knew we had chosen the perfect place. The hostess was pleasant. The waiter/bartender was efficient. The pours were generous. And the bar help was absolutely outstanding. Everyone was great.Order:1. chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce-amazingly good. A hit. Just as good the next day. 2.  wood-fired flatbread with roasted mushrooms, spinach, bacon and goat cheese -our least favourite dish; but we've been spoiled with Neapolitan in Vancouver. Still pretty good.3.marinated hanger steak with shaved artichokes, crimini, pine nuts, parmesan and kale chips-amazing; our second fave. dish. 4 housemade chocolate crisps- (milk and dark). Did not look like much but they tasted outstanding. The complimentary "chips" made up for my lack of bday fun at another famous Chi-town establishment...and this one was probably better.It was so delectable that I wish I could save up the money, points and calories to go there again soon. And now that the heat wave is over, maybe I won't die of humidity walking back at 10 at night. I can't speak highly enough about this lovely little gem.The review will be brief because it's all been said before by others.  This place is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  It feels more like a NYC restaurant than Chicago due to the small size and close communal seating.  They don't take reservations and the wait can be long during peak times.  You're best going on the weeknights (before 6pm or after 9pm).  Everything on the menu is great and items are continuously being updated on the menu...but the amazing dates will always be there.  Great beer and wine selection.Overrated and over hyped.  How did this place get 4.5 stars on Yelp?  My palette does not agree!They don't take reservations, so expect a 1.5+ hour wait during regular dinner hours.Food is above average.Decor looks like they slapped some playground wood onto the walls.  Looks like they went the cheap route to create a trendy atmosphere.If you're seeking French food, I would definitely suggest passing on this joint...Avec is an incredibly popular restaurant that I'd been waiting to try for a long time. After eating here is see why this place always has a crowd.  A few communal tables, and a small set of stools at the bar is all the seating offered at Avec and since reservations are not accepted get here early or expect a wait. The stuffed dates alone are worth the wait as they are one of the best single dishes I have ever had in Chicago. The fresh breads, a huge serving of paella, and a few delicious veggie dishes made our meal quite memorable. Avec like all of One Off's establishments delivers across the board.On the eve of Valentine's Day...I fell in love....with AvecEverything was perfect. The resturant is really small and all wood. Very cool atmosphere. Although they usually have outstanding wait times, we only had to wait about 20 minutes! The host and especially our waitress Rebekah were so nice! Really great service.  AMAZING music. Such a pleasure.Now the nitty gritty...1) Chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates---holy amazing. no words. my friend who is a vegetarian even ate one and said it was the best part of the meal2) BBQ octopus-- really well cooked. I thought the polenta was a bit boring3) Seared tuna special--- my second favorite dish of the night. Light, fresh, perfectly balanced4) truffle focaccia- CRACK. it is so good and addicting. I wish the portions was a bit smaller so we could have gotten 2 dishes instead of A LOT of this but there was a lot which was nice bc its so addicting5) Burrata with pomegranates, sea salt and artichokes-- This was good, but SO small.6) Crispy Merluza--- really good. crispy skin and i loved the combo of grapefruits and olivesLASTLY....7) Hazelnut bread pudding YUM YUM YUMMMMEND OF STORY: GO TO AVEC NOW!!! who cares about the wait it is so well worth it. Also our waitress said Feb is the slowest month so go now!!!I personally don't dig the communal seating situation in Avec either, but if you're willing to wait for a bar seat, that's not an issue (which I always do). I've been to Avec about 4 or 5 times in the past 3 years and I always leave full and happy. I guess that's why I keep going back for more. The menu changes seasonally, I do believe, so I can't say it's worth talking about each dish I've had there. But, there are some lasting items that I see are still around and definitely worth a taste. The focaccia is where it's at. Definitely order this if you're in doubt of what to get. Other than that, I've found that everything with squid or octopus was worth the risk of ordering something I've never hard before, so go for it and I'm sure you won't regret it. I always finish my meals at Avec with a latte. I'm a fan of the cute cream drawing and the biscuit on the side.The staff are all super inviting and I think it's a plus being about to see the chef's at work. Need something described to you? They're ready and willing. Avec is always pretty full when I go and they don't take reservations. But, I don't think I've ever waited longer than 20-30min for a seat which is standard. They have a nice little area outside to wait, but when in the Chicago winter.....good luck with that.UGH- Avec: TAKE RESERVATIONS!!! Because of the aforementioned policy (or lack thereof), Avec has become one of my favorite week day "foodie" restaurants. The space is not ideal for a first date, because the tables are communal, which can make for some awkwardness. But for a nice dinner with a significant other and friends, it's a fun atmosphere. The bar counter is also really nice. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the "focaccia." I literally have dreams about it. Delicious truffled cheese and oil between two thin focaccia's. It is just so so good. At this point I've tried most things on the menu, and haven't really disliked anything. It's a great place for sharing, as the food just kind of comes out when it's ready, and it does not disappoint. Go and be prepared to wait!This place is definitely better than some of the Michelin-starred restaurants.We had a group of 6 for dinner, and the seating is actually acceptable, given that we have all had worse experiences (sharing tables with strangers in college canteen, etc.).Among all the great dishes we had, the best are:FocacciaBrandadechorizo-stuffed datesanise-marinated hanger steakAll of their desserts are great as well. They also have a pretty good wine list, and we enjoyed our Pinot Grigio very much.I would certainly go back and order everything again, plus the whole roasted fish. and more wine.I ate at Blackbird and Publican, so this was the only restaurant left in the latest entry of great modern Chicago eats (from what i was told.)I dined on three small plates for my sublime gluttonous dinner. Like everyone else I went with an order of the chorizo stuffed dates, where they put pig in your pig so you dine on swine while you wine. It was fantastic. Just an excellent dish with great taste.I then tried the chicken thighs. These weren't as stellar as the chorizo stuffed dates but it was still excellently prepared. The squash and rice that accompanied them thighs were good, too.Finally I went with the veal. That was fantastic. Really fantastic. When I go back I'm getting the veal, the stuffed dates, and then trying something else.Once you get to 1,000 reviews, you're obviously incredible at something, so just to make sure I add my two cents:  chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates don't deserve to taste as good as they tasted at Avec this past Saturday night.  In DC (where I used to live), this meal would have cost double what it costs in Chicago.  Amazing.Heard a lot about this place, and tried all of the signature dishes. Nothing tasted terrible, but nothing was even close to being 5 star quality. Representative of 3 stars because you can find much better places in the city for a similar $ (union sushi/grill, girl and the goat, etc.)The focaccia bread large plate tasted like normal bread with some type of tart cheese in the middle. Pretty sure, I could make a tastier bread and cheese plate at home.The famous chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates were good, definitely the tastiest thing we tried, but given the ingredients and reputation, I would have expected something far richer and more flavorful.The pork shoulder was a very average stew and the the dessert was straight flavorless.Wait staff was nice and I enjoyed the shared table aspect. Good environment, no problems with the service.A trip to Chicago is not complete unless you visit a Paul Kahan restaurant. On our latest vist, I was intent on checking out the Publican, The Violet Hour and Avec, but alas there was no tie for all three. We ended up choosing Avec simply because we were in the neigborhood and they were just opening for dinner service and I figured it would be easy to get in without reservations. We were sat at the communal table, which if the restaurant had been full would've been an issue, but we were the only people there so it was cool. The food here is extraordinary. We started the meal with a plate of charcuterie, which I believe is made in-house. It was sublime! My husband ordered the roasted pork shoulder which was fall off the bones delicious. I ordered the roast chicken. Wow, ths is what real chicken should taste like! The prepare it simply with veggies and a citrusy vinaigrette, but OMG was it delicious. Bon Appetit recenlty obtained the recipe and I plan to make it at home.Came here on a weeknight and sat down after a 10-15 minute wait during prime dinner time. Ordered the pear salad, bacon-wrapped dates, the chicken dish, and the veal. Standouts were the bacon-wrapped dates and the pear salad. The dates were nice and flavorful, and the salad was refreshing (the quinoa didn't add much to it but the flavors were good). The chicken dish was just okay and the flavors were good (a bit too salty), but the rice was very undercooked. The veal was probably my least favorite dish - the sauce was too rich and a bit salty. The plantains were probably the best part of the veal dish. It's also very loud in here, and very busy. The service wasn't the best, but I've experienced much worse. It's pretty okay. I was a bit underwhelmed overall, as some dishes were just too salty and heavy. Definitely want to return for some pizza and the squid dish!When you start to have that feeling that everyone else in the world is really living and that somehow you're missing out, take yourself to Avec. It will cure you. The place is perfectly democratic. They take no reservations and have communal seating. They serve family style. The dinning room is a long narrow space of tan wood, classy but not intrusive. The food, which is exquisite, is the main focus of the experience and it will bring you to a degree of bliss that you makes you feel lucky to be alive, in Chicago, at that exact moment time. They get the off-the-beaten path food you've never heard of before. I had an Italian beer there at their recommendation that I have not seen since. They must have imported it especially. Crisp and beautiful. You will order the asparagus. It is grilled and smokey. It makes you wonder why you don't buy it more often to cook at home. I had a whole Haoke, that week's special, prepared simply but delicious. I ended with an Illy coffee and a lemon cake. I wanted to shut out the rest of the diners so I could just eat it for a minute and think about how wonderful it tasted. Everything is just so at Avec and just right. They make these special meals that are deceptively simple. There is a set of palettes in the kitchen somewhere and they are choosing the best stuff in the world and doing simple straightforward preparations, getting out of the way of the ingredients, and producing some of the best meals you will ever eat.Now I know what everyone's talking about!  Finally got a chance to try Avec's amazing menu last Friday night.  The wait was not bad at all, 45-60 mins for 3 people around 6:30 pm.  We grabbed a few cocktails at Sepia and to our pleasant surprise got called back within 30 minutes.Tried the standard chorizo-stuffed dates and "deluxe" focaccia; the focaccia smelled more enticing with the truffle oil than the actual taste and texture.  We also tried the baby octopus with squid ink linguine, roasted pork shoulder, and warm burrata.  My favorite was the surryano ham with avocado, apple, mint, and mojo verde.  Not only was the presentation the prettiest, it was the most refreshing combination of tastes and textures that I tried that night.  We finished with a trio of mascarpone and coffee filled dates (YUM!).  So we averaged 1 large plate and 1 small plate per person, but still had some leftovers that we took home.Service was excellent.  I usually don't like sitting thisclose to other patrons, but I actually enjoyed the cozy, communal seating and atmosphere.  It's nice to make friends with fellow foodies and get a preview of the dishes to come (or be inspired to try for our next visit).A big let-down. Everything is way too salty for human consumption. I tried the signature dishes: the bacon-wrapped date and the squid. Both are so unbelievably heavy on seasoning that you can not even taste the flavor of the food itself. And the seasoning is not done right. For example they use too much chorizo and too little date. Simmering everything in tomato sauce makes things worse.Depending on who you are the ambiance may be a hit or miss. I don't fancy it at all. The seats are narrow and you will have to sit among complete strangers who are going to shout at each other for a conversation since the music here is insane.Let me start out by saying I wanted to love Avec. The no reservations thing doesn't bother me, seeing as I live one block away. We went on a Tuesday at 7:30 and actually only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Good timing. On to the food. I wanted to be wowed. Instead, "overhyped" came to mind at the conclusion. Dinnertomato salad - meh. salmon - my favorite of the night. chicken - this was also pretty good, but it's chicken and rice. foccacia - the much hyped foccacia was okay, but strange. I wish it was a small plate size. It's just big and it came out last (i.e. me not so hungry anymore)Dessertnutter butter - I like peanut butter - alot, but again, this was just ok. nutella cookies - they underestimated my love for hazelnut chocolate goodness. Just not enough in these bad boys.There are SO many good places to eat on Randolph. I don't think I'll be running back here anytime soon.Avec lives up to its reputation, although large plate is not as large as one would think.The stuffed date is a must have. The pork shoulder has a distinct Asian flavor. Their T-bone steak is quite unique but the price tag is a little bit off if you are not a steak fan.Definitely will come back to taste the rest of the menuI tried very hard to not like this place so that I could stand against the many 4- and 5-star ratings that Avec has received. I also tried not ordering their most popular small plate - their dates (no pun intended, although my friend thought waiter was pretty cute). But the bacon-wrapped part lasso'd me, and then the chorizo-stuffed part pulled me in. fast. Small portions, yes, but huge flavor. Chorizo juices flowing out, and then the sweetness of the dates mixed with the salty bacon, all in one bite (may want to take several to savor it as long as you can). It also comes in a delicious red tomato base that is perfect with the bread that comes with the dish.Another must-try: focaccia flatbread, not only laced taleggio and ricotta chcese, but drizzled to perfection with truffle oil. I pretty much ate the whole thing myself. It melts in your mouth and gives it flavors you didn't think was possible in just a flatbread.We also tried the wood-fired squid, which was on what I think was a bed of noodles / pasta. Each bite burst with flavor, and the squid was grilled to have the perfect crunchy firmness to it, married by the soft al dente noodles below. This was almost a 5-star, except I wasn't too impressed with the desserts. We had the homemade nutter butter (total of 3 small pieces, but honestly would rather have the real Nutter Butters for 85 cents in the vending machine). The chocolate budino with oloroso cream tasted too much like an Irish Car Bomb to me - which I don't not like, but wouldn't have liked it as a dessert. A little bland on flavor, and texture was quite fluid. Overall, good atmosphere, can get pretty loud during busy times. Don't be afraid to sit at the bar, because not only do you have to usually wait longer for a table, but they will most likely seat you at a table with another couple/party touching your knees. Potential awkward situations.Hip place, young vibrant crowd. Wait staff was pleasant but good was just ok. Had the dates, butchers steak, focaccia bread and pork shoulder. The focaccia bread was great but other items were lacking a bit. Price wasn't too bad, not sure I would wait an hour for the food.Review based only on the desserts. Tasted all of them late night. Not impressed. No flavor or creativity. They need to focus on the fundamentals.A friend of mine and I were attending a show and needed a late night place for a drink and light dinner.  Found Avec online and thought we'd give it a try.  We got there around 11PM and the place was packed.  Lots of communal seating, but luckily two spots were open.  The menu was unique with lots of choices, and the wine list was extensive but reasonably priced.  We ordered a Spanish Rioja that was very smooth and delicious.  We also ordered the Chorizo Stuffed Dates.  These things are crazy good, especially paired with the wine.  The BBQ Octopus was tender and exceptionally tasty.  The only downside for me was the seating and the loud atmosphere.  The chairs are small and wooden with very low backs, so if you are sitting awhile, which we were, it gets very uncomfortable.  For us, the communal seating was great as we met some very nice people and had interesting conversation.I will definitely keep this place in mind, for a late night stop next time I'm in Chicago.Seriously, what's the point of writing this article.  Close to 1,000 reviews and 97% of of them stellar (with approximately 3% of general population addicted to crack cocaine, this may be more than a coincidence).  I need to be heard though, one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have had all year.  It's embarrassing that is has taken me this long to try it out, its been on my ever growing list for literally years, but I'm always drawn to the hottest/newest spot in town.  There's a reason this place is still packed night to night after all these years, if you haven't tried Avec, get there ASAP.  First off, I was shocked at how crowded it was on a random Tuesday night (I now understand why).   Even with it jammed to the brim and people looming outside, it was only a 45 minute wait.  Trek over to Haymarket, grab a beer and you'll have it timed perfectly (they'll call you when your table is ready).  I can't comment on the previous chef, but Erling Wu Bower well I can't praise him enough.  I tried one of his new menu items, the rock shrimp, mint and corn with squid ink pasta.  My only rational was that with such a strange combination of ingredients it has to work...and it did, beyond any expectations. The pasta was fresh, the flavor were amazing.  It was one of those times where there were so many things going on with your palette that I really didn't know what I was tasting, but I knew it was damn good.  The chorizo stuffed dates will be ordered and quickly consumed every time I go, even though I normally hate dates.  It is my mission to go back as many times as necessary to try the whole menu, but those were the two highlights of an overall excellent meal.  I don't know if I'm punch drunk over the experience with the food, but I normally detest communal seating and the lack of a reservation system.  I actually struck up several conversations at dinner and met a regular who shared my general displeasure of sitting next to strangers who stared at my food.  He told me there's something different about the crowd here, which I fully agree with.  It's been around for a while, so maybe you don't get the rush of tourists or out of town business people.  I can't put my finger on it, but it provided for a great vibe and energy that really made the most of the communal atmosphere.  As far as no reservations, a restaurant this good would probably have a painstaking 2 week wait to get into during peak hours, I'll switch that out for a last second decide to go and end up with a 45 minute wait and 2 brews next door any day.The biggest surprise came at the end of the night.  As good as the food was, there was too much for 2 people to finish (as hard as we painstaking tried), couple that with an excellent bottle of wine and the bill was under $120 after tip.  I'm still doing the math in my head and it makes no sense at all.  One of the best deals in the city and I would stick to that even if it were 50% higher.stop reading, free up a night and get there now!The food here is definitely 5-star worthy. The stuffed dates with bacon was incredibly and the pork shoulder was out of this world. The pork shoulder also came in giant servings and makes for VERY good hangover food.So why 3 stars? Because I HATE communal seating! I really don't get why so many restaurants are adopting communal seating these days. When I go out to eat, I want to hang out with my friends. I don't want to be bumping elbows with strangers next to me, or to have to climb over people to get out of my seat. It was incredibly loud and there were super obnoxious people having super obnoxious conversations.Amazing food! Great service! Fun ambiance!Went here with my boyfriend  twice and we really liked it. The seating is different- you sit on community benches with everyone else. If you like your personal space then this may not be for you (which is a shame cuz it's great). The servers there have always been friendly. We've bad to wait sometimes because the place is always crowded, but never to the point where it's annoying. The wine selection is great and I've left becoming a fan of wines that I hadn't tried before (Paul Mas is great)!I'd say its a little pricey but we've kept it under $150 the two times we went there and we left very satisfied and very happy. Try: chorizo stuffed dates, pork shoulder and flatbread. Everything else we've had is great but those are the standouts.Hands down, THE best restaurant in Chicago. Absolutely AMAZING!! Despite changing the menu regularly, they seem to always find a way to outdo themselves... Food, atmosphere, service, all first class!!What do you do when you are having a shitty week compounded by international political/ bureaucratic drama, and a boss that looks and acts like a homeless person? Well, you say "fuck all of you" and go to a nice dinner/ drinks with wonderful company. That is what I did, and Avec was the right spot to get away from a shitty work week.A lovely friend and fellow yelper suggested we go to Avec. I have never been there, I heard about the bad wait times. I am not a fan of waiting, no matter how good the place is. When my dinner companion assured we will not wait for long, I jumped at it. Perfect.The interior looks like an upscale Finnish sauna. I have seen enough of them in Scandinavia to tell the upscale ones from the cheap ones. I was tempted to take my clothes off, wrap a towel, and sweat out. Don't worry, my clothes stayed on the entire time. I am well behaved in public, and company of women. You see sir, I am a gentleman, after all!We were greeted by our server Josh with two glasses of Gran Sarao Rose while waiting to be seated. Nice! The bubbly was perfect for the gloomy weather and delectable food to follow.We started with the frog legs. The combination of flavors was outstanding. Crispy fried fennel goes very well with paprika aoili, and proscuitto. Having never had frog legs before, my dinner companion was thoroughly impressed. A perfect start to a wonderful meal to follow.We moved on to the focaccia with truffle oil and herbs. It was a pure delight. I ate most of it within 2 minutes (not appropriate when you are sitting next to a lady). Josh kept refilling our wine glasses and we were enjoying our dinner and conversation.The experience till this point was 4 star. That is when we ordered the medjool dates. Stuffed with chorizo, wrapped in bacon, with a piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. Holy slut of Jesus, I just had a memory bitchslap. You know when you eat something so good that you remember past memories? No? You say I am the only weird one that has memory flashbacks when I eat amazing food? Whatever, let's get to the review at hand.I got on the bar counter, took off my pants, and asked the chef to "take" me right there.... on the bar counter. Fuck yeah! You deserve some kind of a sexual favor for making dates taste this good. The sweetness of a date balanced out with the smoky flavor of bacon and peppery tomato sauce. Fuck me God, right now! And give it to me gooood! Oh yeah!!No, that did not happen. Remember, I am well behaved in public and the company of women. So, I secretly wished my "bar counter" fantasy would come true. I didn't say a word for a good few minutes while enjoying the dates. I am sure my companion was wondering why the hell I suddenly muted myself while I have been yapping about my international healthcare drama until a minute ago. Well, I was silent because I was having my "bar counter" fantasy, induced by the medjool dates.I lived in the Sahara desert for 4 frickin' years. I was surrounded with all kinds of dates, yet never liked them. My mom tried to feed me that shit for lunch and dinner.Mom: here beta (beta = son, in Hindi) have some dates. They are good for you... and they are fresh from Dr. Merzouk's garden (Dr. Merzouk = my dad's colleague)Me: wtf? This shit is nasty *inside voice*Mom: It's either dates or (horse) milk, what do you want?Me: *gobbles up the dates*It took a restaurant in Chicago to make me like them. How strange is that?After having a barrage of inappropriate thoughts, I realized it is rude to stay silent with a boner in my pants. Times like these I am glad I went to Avec in my work attire, a monkey suit. In order to come back to reality I decided to take a look at the dessert menu. We ordered the vanilla crepes with kumquats. Two crepes filled with cheesy goodness surrounded by delicious kumquats. It completed our evening of extraordinary food journey.We sat by the bar counter instead of getting a table. I like communal seating, and Avec does a good job at keeping the communal seating in order. It is not an ideal date location because it is loud. As with any communal seating restaurants the vibe is casual, and everyone was well dressed. Josh did an excellent job taking care of us, my wine glass was always full.Thanks to my dinner companion for the lovely company and introducing me to Avec. I will definitely go again. And this time, my pants are coming off!!They are not kidding about the dates.  I want to be stuffed in one and eat myself.Easily one of the coolest dining rooms I've been in.  The cramped linear seating  encourages talking and sharing your meal with strangers.  It also has this odd matrix feel to it.  Can't wait to come back to Chicago and return to Avec.This is kind of embarrassing to admit to all of cyberland, but up until recently, I'd never actually dined at Avec's. It's not for lack of trying though. On more than one occasion, I've gotten through the entry to be greeted by the throngs of washed masses and a hostess quoting hour-plus wait times. The entryway/waiting area is very small, however, and due to my diminutive stature, I'm easily pushed around by others trying to pass. This, combined with a low-grade claustrophobia (resulting from the time I got stuck in a hula hoop), makes waiting at a crowded establishment that doesn't accept resos a bit unappealing for me. In honor of a new facebook friend's arrival from The Angels, CA, I decided to suck in my gut and brave the crowd in search of one of Chicago's more lauded dinners. Despite the unreasonably cold weather and the fact that it was a Monday night, we still waited over an hour for our party of 8 to be seated. The beer list, while limited, was very very nice, composed mostly of foreign beers I haven't heard of, but I'm sure are better because they're from a different country. The food menu was pretty much what I expected. Not a whole lot of veggie options. I think everyone in our groups' eyes quickly fixated on one thing - the whole roasted foie gras. The foie is listed as M.P. Now, I'm not a purveyor of organ meats, but I know someone who very regularly purchases whole lobes, and he says the price he pays hasn't fluctuated in over a year. Granted, Avec's duck liver is from a specific region and perhaps a specific farm, but I've heard other diners say they paid $86 for the same dish we were lucky to acquire at $70. What's up with that? The foie was glorious, as was most of the food we received. The focus seems to be on taste, far more than presentation. I personally don't care too much about presentation, since everything looks the same on the way out, but I was actually surprised that most of our dishes arrived looking like Jan, yet tasted more like Marcia. Upon leaving, it occurred to me to take a quick look at the open kitchen. My name is Matt, but let me be Frank with you.... The kitchen area seems tiny. I saw a wood-burning oven and maybe a couple burners, but not a whole lot more. I have no idea how they crank out that much food there. When you go, you should check it out, it's rather impressive.Now, to my 3 loyal readers: Sorry for this review that some may actually find useful (and ROTD-worthy). If you defan me, I'll understand, but I promise I won't do any more snoozers like this for the time being.Avec is my first really good food experience in Chicago.The restaurant has a no reservations policy and offers bar seating which is perfect for dining alone. I love the location of the restaurant because it feels non-touristy which is a refreshing departure from my River North  residency (plus parking is easy to find). Blackbird is right next door. The restaurant is owned by the same partners. Fortunately, there was a seat available at the bar. My first impression was mixed. The dining room is essentially one long "hallway" with two parallel rows: the bar and a row of tables. The bar area is covered in a stainless steel kitchen surface. The tables have a harsh fluorescent lighting. Not my fave, especially since it gives the wood decor a cold feeling. So instead of having a warm natural feel, avec has a clinical vibe to it. It didn't matter too much because the joint was humming with energy supplied by the constant exchange of dialogue. It's that patented social white noise that let's you know people are having fun. The menu is succinct which is usually a sign that most of the menu items are strong. I knew right away what I wanted: Baked Escargot with white wine, pancetta, and herbs followed by Bucatini with housemade italian sausage, veal, tomato, fresh herbs and reggiano. Yum Yum! The escargot were perfectly cooked. This dish is excellent; not drowned in butter. The flavors were balanced and I could taste each ingredient. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough bread to mop up all the deelish sauce. I would warn those who are timid to avoid this dish because the snails are not disguised (they shouldn't be anyway). The bucatini was to die for. Perfectly al dente and napped with just the right amount of stewed tomato sauce. This is why pasta is sexy to eat. The veal flavor is bold. Just a proper bowl of f--king good pasta. There were several items that I wanted to sample, but I didn't have the appetite. Avec is as "recession-friendly" as a restaurant of its caliber can get. My two courses set me back $26. And two people with mild appetites could have shared what I ordered. I am less price sensitive when it comes to dining out so I had to have some vino with dinner. Avec offers several wines by the glass ranging between $11-$15 for most. My server was awesome. She recommended two good wines that paired very nicely. She also gave me a starter list of "must try" Chicago eateries! So excited!Finally, avec is great for bringing friends or a casual first date. I'll def be back with one or the other.While the no reservations - and nowhere for anyone to wait out their table - policy at a restaurant this tiny still sucks, the food is flawless.And by food clearly I mean their winter menu dish of Whole Roasted Sonoma Valley Foie Gras with Roasted Pears, Candied Walnuts and Rosemary. That dish is heavenly, gratuitous, sinful and saintlike all at the same time. I honestly didn't eat anything better in 2010, or possibly ever in my lifetime.Go eat it. Take me. The end.This place was the first rated restaurant in chicago according to yelp when I searched for restaurants.  It was also recommended to me by a friend.  But lord was it one of the WORST dining experiences that I have had to date. The easiest thing I can think of is this:  It's a place that got famous and subsequently tried to doop its customers by slowly degrading the menu and the ingredients over time.  This is the only way I can understand why this place is popular. Hearsay and not good hearsay at that. So here are some more details that you need to know:The SeatingWe tried to be nice about this at first.  Jam packed between a group of four and a loud couple - at the very same table no less - we tried to see the bright side of things.  But I simply could not hear A WORD my dining partner said.  We moved to the bar, fortunately, but it's simply shitty to have people sit like this and emphasize the virtue of 'sharing' when all you're really trying to do is fit as many people into a small space so you can make the most money.  Sorry, you didn't pull that one on me! The Service:Never in my life have I waited so long to order a drink and food.  Not only that, but the service was simply snobby.  This improved at the bar, the guy serving water was really nice and a breath of fresh air to this establishment, but everyone else was less than disappointing if there is such a thing.  Being from San Francisco and moving to New York, I don't really think that these folks have a leg to stand on and whatever they think they have..well let's just say this, you should always be nice to everyone.  I feel like this establishment has forgotten this essential fact of service. The Food:We got everything the server recommended.  We got the chorizo stuffed medjols, the foccacio, and the pork belly.  All of them were just not hitting it for us.  They were simply OK.  That's all and good but when you want to cram me on a bench next to other people, I don't know your food better be damn good.  All and all, I felt like none of it had any real flavor.  Looking around the loud, crammed dining room I felt sorry for people who thought this was a great dining experience. The Wine:We got a primitivo.  I overheard the bartender telling the people next to me that this was fruity and spicy.  We got that bottle and there was nothing spicy about it.  It was truly a corner store type of wine.  It reminded me of Yellowtaiil.  We get that in San Francisco for less than $10 a bottle..........You would think that with such an extensive wine list that they would have a someone who could help customers with wines. Saying, "Sure we have a very nice primitivo," after we already suggested it isn't very convincing.  Please, have some confidence in your product people.  Food and wine are some of the most amazing things we have been blessed with in our time on earth.  Treat them with respect and artistry!I was so glad finally to make it to Avec.  The cuisine has intrigued and enticed me for several months.  It really helps to have a guide who knows the menu, as I did, because there are so many great choices that an indecisive orderer like me could probably end up spinning my wheels until they kicked me out.  I wish that I had tried one or two more dishes (particularly the hanger steak, boar sausage, or pork shoulder) but that's easy to say sitting here with an empty stomach.  I'll just have to return again soon...We started with the dates (hold that thought) and a newer menu item, the potato/cauliflower salad with sun-dried tomatoes, green beans, and anchovy vinaigrette.  I really liked the earthier flavors of the potato and cauliflower together with the more traditionally salad/"green" flavor of the beans.  Do not fear that the anchovy vinaigrette will overwhelm the other flavors--it did nothing but nudge and accent.  Well done.The bacon/chorizo dates have quite a reputation, and deservedly so.  I notoriously do NOT eat fruit and meat together.  It took a lot of arm-twisting to make this exception, and I have to say that this dish came very close to making me forget about my rule.  The date flavor comes in late, and the sweetness is strongly handled (almost banished) by the savory/spicy chorizo.  This sausage, made in house, is flat-out amazing.  I could eat it plain with bread and be very happy.  Probably the weakest aspect of the dish was the texture, not the flavor, of the dates.  They were just a bit of mush being crushed under the weight of the meats.  The red-pepper sauce is a perfect complementary touch.We intended to order a fourth dish, but as it happened, the brandade was our last of the evening.  They brought us extra bread, and we practically cleaned the bowl.  If you are thinking "What--pureed fish and cheese dip?" please don't skip it for that reason.  It does not taste overly "fishy" and was really sort of...delicately rich?  Is that a paradox?  None of the flavors are too heavy, but it is very flavorful.  The brandade would have been a great "in between" course, except that we filled up on it and didn't feel like eating more meat.  Oh well, I'll just have to make another visit when I am feeling more carnivorous (i.e. days ending in "y").  Come early to get a seat!Fantastic. My boyfriend and I went on a bit of a Paul Kahan tour (giant thank you to my true Chicagoan friend) and it was our favorite restaurant out of Chicago hands down. The place is very simple, hip, with its patrons completely enraptured in their food and conversation. The dates are a MUST and we loved the chicken liver pâté. The focaccia was good but a tad too much. The nutter butters to finish were delightful. The service stood out because there was no rush and he gave multiple suggestions and was just very easy going. Can't wait to go back!Due to a conflict of interest, I can't say too much BUT I can say this:Friendly staffGet the datesTry every salad they haveGive up your seat as soon as you're done eatingFive stars, well deserved.Oh, Avec... you're still packing heat like a sauna! And you look like one, too... but with much more posh.Though I can't comment on the tapas-style offerings (we came for cocktails), we did enjoy a nicely-constructed plate of cheese. And a beautiful bottle of Pinot Noir. I also had the opportunity to try the Saison Dupont "Vielle Provision" farmhouse ale. Simply delicious!It's easy to enjoy your companions in such lovely confines. The service was exceptional, and we were ecstatic to receive such spot-on guidance! I'll definitely return to sample more of the menu, specifically those chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates.Until then, Avec... it's been a grand courtship so far.Dear Paul Kahan, You may have dissed me (and one of my friends) by totally rebuffing our flirtatious advances at an event (yes, I know you're married), but I still love you.  I love you and your food and all the deliciousness you bring to my fair city of Chicago.Love, Angie M.If I can put some advice out there, I would say this: Go to avec with folks who like to eat and will pretty much try anything.  If you eliminate something because you don't necessary know what it is (like mortadella), you may be missing out on something pretty tasty.  So put on your adventure pants and get ready for some yummy eats by some of Chicago's finest chefs.  Hell, if it's good enough for Tony Bourdain, its good enough for me!My party of eight went with, well, pretty much the entire menu.  Get ready to get schooled on avec's winter menu!* Whole roasted fish with herbs de provence, toasted rice and charred lemon.  If you've ever been to a Filipino party, you know of something called 'community fish' where there's a whole fish and everyone just kind of digs in.  This would be the avec version of community fish.  The crunchy skin is amazing, but be aware that even though the fish is deboned, there are still SOME bones in there holding it together.* Focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs.  This reminded me of a quesadilla of sorts.  The taleggio cheese was so rich and creamy.* Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with soffrito, fingerlings and pickled garlic.  SO MUCH PORK up in this dish!  It was so tender it was falling apart.  I also may or may not have lapped up the sauce with avec's bread so shamelessly I feared people at the table next to me would start staring.* Whole roasted sonoma valley foie gras with roast pears, candied walnuts and rosemary.  You better really like foie gras, because this bad boy will set you back $70.  While I don't love foie gras, I did tuck in for a few bites.  I had to see what a $70 entrée tasted like.* Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.  Duuude... EAT THESE.  If you can find fault in chorizo stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates, I'd like to know all about it, because I feel this may be the most perfect food around.* Whipped brandade with housemade garlic bread and chives.  I'm still a little clear on what this is exactly, but what I do know is that it's some kind of whipped up, cheesy and herby fish that you spread on garlic toast.  Very tasty!* Local apple salad with manchego, marcona almonds, celery and apple cider.  What?  We're at least kind of healthy with this light and fruity salad. * Marinated hanger steak with roasted shallots and brussels sprouts salsa verde.  Tied for a close second for "Favorite Dish of the Night" with the pork shoulder, this dish is spectacular.  I'm slowly learning to order my steak more on the medium to medium rare side (which is how this is prepared).  It makes it so much easier to enjoy when the steak is cooked and seasoned to perfection.* 50/50 sausage with creamed kale, pearl onions and navel orange gremolata. A little rich and fatty for my taste, but a nice concept.* Open-faced chicken sandwich with housemade pumpernickel and squash.  My throwaway dish for the night.  Nothing spectacular or even very interesting.  But I suppose putting chicken on the menu does make your restaurant a bit more accessible for the masses.While the food is great, there are a few issues with avec.  1. No reservations and nowhere to hang out in the restaurant while you're waiting to be seated.  Because of avec's popularity, it could be a substantial wait.  It's lame that the space is SO tiny.  I have to think that if you have such a small restaurant that you'd at least do reservations for larger parties, but alas, avec seems to be functioning fine right now and probably doesn't need to take my advice.2. avec is literally the most uncomfortable restaurant in Chicago.  The tables and benches are hard, boring wood.  There's community seating (totes not my thing), so you're scrunched in with total strangers.  I know it's all about enjoying food with your dining community, but I totally hate it.  In the end... Amazing food.  Unamazing atmosphere.  The things I'll endure for good food...Oh Avec, you were my #1 for so long... I feel as though my recent visits has not been up to par. All of the new dishes that we tried were too salty, but at least the standard dishes (flatbread and bacon wrapped dates) were still good. moving my 5 star rating down to a 4. i hope to try you again some day soon and be able to bump it back up and you can reclaim the #1 spot in my tummy.After a long day of plenary sessions, breakouts, talking too much and sleeping too little, my friend and I came here to meet the lovely and talented Rob.  Who had HAIR!I had conversed with Rob before I arrived, so he could find a place that would satisfy both my and my friend's appetites.  Basically, my friend will eat pretty much anything...and me, not so much.  As I love trying new restaurants, especially in towns I rarely get to visit, this can present a problem, but I surrendered myself completely to Rob and his suggestions when it came to Avec.  They have a fantastic and unusual wine list, which as a long time bartender, I can especially appreciate.  My friend got a glass of white, but as I think that white wine is for sissies and was also trying to recreate my own DYL (it was a Friday, after all), I convinced Rob that we should share a bottle of red, his choice.  We discussed the menu, and because it was all about sharing, my friend and I offered our suggestions and let Rob take over.  Again.  Man that kid is bossy, but my friend and I were also brain dead.  We were not disappointed, and in fact very impressed.  The menu is innovative without trying to hard, and everything was DELICIOUS.  My favorites were the hanger steak and the flatbread, but the dates, although a wee too spicy for my taste, were quite delectable as well.  The decor, although at first glance might be cramped, is quite cozy and welcoming, which is a must have in my men and my restaurants.  I would recommend this as a great date spot.  If I lived in Chicago, this would definitely be a repeat place for me.A very solid four, I'd say almost a fiver.  If not for the wait and the waiting area they set aside and the whole waiting situation, it would definitely get the last star, for sure.The menu certainly satisfied my mild impatience.  And when I caught a glimpse of the whole roasted foie gras on the menu, I was hooked.  Also, the chorizo-stuff dates were outstanding.  Unfortunately I had to share these with my group, otherwise I would eat the whole plate.  Maybe it's a good thing I didn't have that option.  Furthermore, our group ordered some focaccia with taleggio cheese, which I surprisingly enjoyed.  Thoroughly enjoyed even...the cheese was very creamy.   The simple presentation of all food items was a pleasant surprise.The waitstaff was very knowledgable and friendly and when our group tried to play Millionaire Matchmaker with one of the chefs, she was quite happy to oblige.  I'm very glad to have finally made it through the wait one time and sample the delicious food here.Pretty boring review I'd say.  The food here is so good that it leaves you with a pretty succinct review.I'm not a very patient person and for that reason avoid restaurants that don't take reservations. There are too many good restaurants in Chicago that DO take reservations. However, if you're a patient person who is willing to wait it doesn't get much better than Avec. On my most recent visit my friend was visiting from LA and her husband wanted to eat at Avec for his bday. She stopped by around 5/5:30ish to put our name in (for a party of 5), we showed back up at 6:30pm hoping the wait wouldn't be too long and had a table by 7pm. Victory, especially since yours truly only had to wait for 30 minutes.We ordered way too much for our party of 5. In fact, our waitress told us we were ordering way too much...and we responded by ordering more. It's not everyday that you're able to score a table at Avec so might as well try it all. And it was all oh so fabulous, especially the focaccia, dates and burrata.  I'm typically not much of a meat eater, but even tried a few bites of the pork shoulder, which was pretty awesome as well.Our waitress was right...we did order way too much food. However, dessert is a must when celebrating a bday. We ended our meal with lemon cake, which was so delish that I started to think maybe waiting for a table is worth it when it comes to Avec.Let me start off this review by saying that I absolutely, positively love love LOVE Avec. This restaurant was recommended to me by a couple of my friends during a trip to Chicago. They definitely did not lead me astray. My friends and I came here on a Saturday evening and it was pretty crowded, both inside and outside of the restaurant.  There is a small patio in front of the restaurant which serves as a waiting area.  And wait we did. Luckily we were able to enjoy two bottles of red wine outside in the patio while we waited which gave us time to peruse the menu and get recommendations from one of the friendly wait staff on what to order. Our wait time came close to two hours but it was hardly noticeable with the wine consumption and great conversation. And even though that seems like a ridiculous amount of time to stand outside for food, it was completely worth it. The restaurant itself is fairly small but it is, by far, the most coolest restaurant that I've ever dined in.  The decor is a testament to simplicity.  It is a narrow dining space with communal tables and bench seating but the use of wood throughout the restaurant creates a streamlined cohesiveness that is very pleasing to the eye.  The staff here was very pleasant and helpful. I'm not sure who was in charge of the play list but the music here was fantastic! It's always makes me giddy to hear good ear candy at a restaurant and none of that top 40 stuff. On to the important stuff, the food! The menu at Avec is fairly extensive with various small and large plates to share. Think of it as a French tapas style restaurant if you will. I haven't dined here since September '09 but the following dishes will forever hold a warm, delicious memory in my heart... and stomach:Chorizo Stuffed Medjool Dates Three words: Oh Em Gee. Ok, those are letters. A few more words then: The best dates I've ever had!! This was the first time I've ever eaten a date (hah!) and it just completely blew our table away. They were wrapped in smoked bacon and accompanied by a peppery tomato sauce. This dish was just absolutely divine. Tuna Apple Flatbread PizzaIt seems like an odd combination but the tuna and crisp apple were perfect complements.  I'm not really a fan of pizza but this was a great divergent from your traditional pizza.  It was very light and refreshing. Meatballs with OrzoWe spent some time trying to figure out what Orzo was as it looks and tastes a lot like rice.  The meatballs were flavorful and delicious. We also ordered the Wood Braised Pork Shoulder, Fois Gras, Chicken, and some other meat dish (overall a lot of meat that night!) but I can't quite remember the details of each dish.  I do recall that none of us at our table of four were disappointed by any of the dishes that we were served.  The food just continued to amaze and delight our palates. To the chefs of Avec: Kudos for making such an outstanding meal! The next time I see a cheap deal for airfare to Chicago, I'm booking my flight just to dine at Avec again.4 stars for the Chorizo stuffed medjool dates with bacon! Not too fond of the communal-style dining tables, though.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't like strangers breathing down my food and I don't like to share.  But I believe that's half  the reason why Avec's so popular, mmmm-kay.The food at Avec is interesting and delicious, but it's not good enough to make up for having to tolerate the other human beings in the place.I don't consider communal lunchroom tables hip or interesting, I consider them one of the things I was happy to leave behind when I left middle school.  Why?  Because when you share a table, you're likely to share it with a$$hats.  True, maybe you meet some nice dining companions.  But maybe a$$hats.  It's a gamble.To one side of us at the shared table on a Sunday evening: two middle-aged couples, conversation increasingly dominated by one of the increasingly drunk women, who became increasingly insistent on providing a detailed and theatrical rundown of her recent psychological growth.  The only thing that didn't steadily increase was the distance between her head and the table and she slumped further and further, eventually resting head to hand to table.To the other side: three acquaintances, maybe co-workers. Conversation dominated by a middle-aged guy in a bright red Polo pullover, gray hair slicked back and slightly tousled in a style I can only call "country club mystique," trying very hard to impress the other two with his erudite knowledge of the food and wine.  Whatever this guy's name is, I'm guessing he went by "Chaz" in the 80's and likes to tie an argyle sweater around his shoulders to protect himself from the crisp breeze while he's out yachting.  The only moment of intermingling between any of the parties at the table was when this fellow announced, "I saw that!" after I accidentally dropped a slice of dried ginger into my lap. Thanks, Chaz.Avec is loud.  Bad loud, not good loud. When my date and I got tired of of trying to talk to each other over our charming neighbors (across a table that's so narrow you have to keep rearranging plates and glasses), we started texting each other:me:  wtf is with this guy in the red shirt?! my date: he's giving a$$hole lessonsme: i seemy date: i brought you here on free education nightme: i'm thinking about flinging a hunk of cheese toward the kitchen and seeing what happens...[discussion of inappropriate behavior]...my date: let's not get blacklisted, i have to come here sometimes with [business associate]me: yeah. when we were here with  [business associate] and some other people, weren't some of them total douchebags?my date: yeah. this place must have a quotaAlright, so sitting with d-bags wasn't Avec's fault, I s'pose. Here's what was:Our server (Josh, i think?) was a dick. He came to our table one minute after we sat down, and told us in a bossy, unfriendly tone that he was taking care of both our group and Chaz's group and so he really wanted to put the parties' orders in together.  Then he asked what we wanted, and of course my date and I had no idea, but Chaz said something like, "WE'RE ready, let's get this thing going, baby!"  So, of course, the orders went in separately.  Sergeant Josh also acted annoyed and defensive when I added a fruit side to our cheese plate-- he said in an accusing tone, "I thought you decided against that."  Well I did, Josh, but I changed my mind, and now I'd be very appreciative if I could get the MF-ing fruit plate!Finally, a love note.  Dearest Avec:  How do I love thee?  Not at all.  A few words about beer, my darling. A beer bottle should not be taken away until the customer has poured all the beer into her glass.  Also, some beers (like my date's) have tasty, tasty sediment at the bottom of the bottle, and before you pour out the last bit, you're supposed to swish the beer around so as to get that beer-gold out.  I would normally not mention this trivial business in a review, my love, but since you fancy yourself a high-class foodie joint, you should probs get this stuff right.  Yours for-never, HAlthough I have been here several times, I haven't had much time to write my review of Avec until now.  Avec is in my top 10 favorite restaurants in the city, maybe even top 5.  Koren is a genius with the food -- I met some old high school classmates last week for an uber-mini-reunion.  Although we arrived at 5ish, they were already busy!  (this is a GOOD thing people)  We only waited 30 minutes, which was a perfect amount of time to have a beer or glass of wine and do some initial catching up prior to being seated.I get the communal seating ideology....I don't like it, but I get it.  If I may be allowed to "nit" a bit, I dislike the actual seating -- the bar stools are impossibly uncomfortable, as are the outside/aisle seats.  The only real comfortable seats are the booth/wall side with proper a proper back -- I highly recommend using one of the seat pads (which you can find in the window sill above you).  The food is wonderful.  As does everyone else, get the dates.  If you're not a meat eater, I'm sorry.  Be aware - the dates are spicier than you think, but oh so delicious.  I also highly recommend the focaccia "stuffed" with taleggio (think a fancy cream cheese with herbs).  It is heavenly.  Absolutely heavenly.  Crisp and tender.  Smoky.   Creamy.  Savory.  My mouth is watering as I type this.  I also highly recommend the whole fish special (no matter the fish type) - prepared in a cast iron skillet, sauteed then finished in the oven, the skin is crisp, the chefs always use the freshest herbs, and the meat is flaky and tender.  Those three dishes alone are worth their weight in gold.   And, if this was all you ordered, I believe you will be satisfied and amazed.  Other recommendations -- the brandade.  Think bacalhau.  Ask for an additional "loaf" of bread.  And, the English pea crostini.  Refreshing and light and also so, so delicious. The wine selection (glass or bottle) is excellent.  The beer list, albeit small, is global and whimsical.  And, the desserts change often.  However, the chocolate shards are great to share and go well with a cappuccino.  I really love it here.  The servers and hostess (and the co-owners, who are almost always there) are very nice, friendly, quick, knowledgeable, accommodating, and just downright good people.  Be patient (because you will probably have to wait), and you will be rewarded with delicious, perfectly cooked food.  I WANT you to have a good time here...if you don't, it's probably because of the uncomfortable seats.  Or, because you don't like to be around people.Amazing! Wonderful brunch, the best french toast I've ever had in my life. The service was top of the line as well. Can't wait to go back!All these reviews about the wait are dead on. We got there a bit before 8 and were seated at like 9:20 - but at least we had some wine (and the outdoor wine server did a very good job recommending a pinot gris like wine for me - someday I should learn more about European wines) while we waited. There was a bit of a row with the hostess, who seems overworked and I'll just leave it at that, but that part worked out in the end, more or less. Inside the service was great, although really after standing for so long, a chair with more than 4 inches of back would have been nice :|. The food itself was remarkably solid, in particular the focaccia "pizza, the chorizo-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates  with a pepper tomato sauce were delicious, and the fourme d'ambert on our cheese plate appetizer were rock solid. The other items were good as well, although we probably ordered about one too many. That being said, the bill for food, for three people, was around 80 bucks (120 including a few 250ml servings of wine), which is really quite reasonable.I almost don't want to review Avec - simply because it is already too crowded.  But, Avec so deserves it!The thing I love most about Avec is the communal seating.  I love the feeling I get right when I walk inside the door, I feel as though I am in a cozy lodge filled with friends.  I love snuggling up next to the "out of town" stranger or the "in from the 'burbs visiting our kids and had to try this place" stranger or the "we come here every week" stranger.  I just love most of the people who dine there so I like the communal feel.  And I go there when I am in the mood for that warm camaraderie.The second best thing about Avec is the food.  Koren's food is hearty and delicious, but much like her tattoos, her food is also very original.  The Brandade is a must- have dish that I eat each time I visit.  I love the lamb sausage pizza.  Their pasta is always "al dente" (or however you spell it) but it is perfectly cooked so that the pasta is still firm to the taste, as it should be.The next thing I love, is the wine list.  Good, inexpensive wines and a staff that knows what they're talking about.  The staff (particularly Sontra, or as I like to call her the Evil Fairy) knows what they are talking about, the management takes the time to educate their staff on the products they sell and bravo for that.Other things I love... - The fact that they use Molten and Brown as their hand soap in the bathrooms and my hands are always lemony-fresh. - The fact that they serve a glass of cognac with an espresso back. - The best seat in the house - the last two seats at the counter, right in front of the chefs.  You can talk to them the whole time and when you say, "hey, what's that in your pan?"  They give you a little taste. - The fact that they play album sides or even whole Cd's.And of course, how can one forget, the fact that they have  A COAT CHECK.  The lovely man or woman at the door greets you and says, "may I take your coat".  And you hand it to him/her and he/she takes it downstairs.  For all I know, they throw the coat in a pile of horse poo - but they offer the courtesy to their guests.  Or at the very least, hooks on the walls, so when you're piled in on top of each other, there is a place for you to put your coat.Avec is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  Even though you usually have to wait forever for a table, I will always keep coming back. I love this place.. always have.  The food is fantastic and service is EXCEPTIONAL.  Gaston, our bartender, is a gem.  He made sure our glasses were always topped off, and he's uber cute too ;)  The atmosphere is modern and sophisticated, but not pretentious at all.  I always come for the goat cheese foccacia... my favorite item on the menu.  Butternut squash ravioli from the winter menu is also fantastic as well as their beet salad and mussels.  Avec has an extensive wine list and the servers are great about pairing suggestions. Great energy, fantastic wine list, and friendly staff!  I love you, Avec.I took my sister here when she was in town because I had been raving to her that it is like an Oakland favorite of ours, A Cote.  From previous experience, we strategically planned to get there early (5:30) and were able to be seated at the bar with a short wait of 10 minutes.  The hostess was very friendly and nice.  If there are only two of you I highly recommend the bar; I am not really into the communal seating fad.   We got the last two seats closest to the door; luckily the cold air did not come in, but the hoard of people waiting for their table got in my personal space a few times.The bartender who took care of us (Rebecca) was very helpful.  She was very knowledgeable about the wines, but talked about them in a casual, non condescending way, and helped us to narrow our options down to a bottle (made from grapes grown in LAVA!) and two additional glasses after the bottle was gone.  We were not extremely hungry and decided to order some small plates to split.  We got the olives, escargots, dates and a cheese platter. Rebecca was very helpful again on deciding on cheeses.  (La Tur is still one of my favorites!) Unfortunately the food was not as memorable as I had remembered.  Everything was good, but it was not the amazing culinary experience that I had promised my sister.   I think we both felt that the cheese, bread and olives outshined the other dishes.  Maybe we did not order well.  I hope to have a better experience next time, food wise.  I like the idea of Avec and enjoyed my first visit's food a lot, so I am sure I will be coming back for another try.I know people LOVE this place and DIE when anyone says a less than positive thing about it.  Well, brace yourself.1. Front of the house staff was great. Nice and friendly.  Umm..that's where all things positive end.2. Our server BLEW. The restaurant is small enough that I can see who got seated after we did etc.  Umm..why did it take 15 min for the server to come over, got irritated when we asked her questions, and then took the order from two other tables (who were seated after us) before us?  Yeah...not sure either.3. It was so bad we left before finishing our meal.  For me, service is a huge part of the whole overall experience.  I understand when you are busy, and I will be patient, so long as you are courteous and somewhat attentive.  When service is this bad, it makes my blood boil.  My blood now? Boiling.Went here on a date, and boy was I impressed! Every dish was delicious, and I find myself still thinking about how good the meal was. We came on a busy Thursday night, people were waiting outside despite the frigid weather - a sign that it's worth the wait. Started off with the chorizo stuffed dates which I saw everyone raving about on here. They were good, but also the most forgettable part of the meal. For me, bacon-wrapped-anything all tastes similar - delicious, but similar. The wood-oven roasted pork shoulder was AMAZING, the meat was so tender and it just fell off the bone. I loved every bite. I hear they change the recipe every few months though, so try and grab this one while it's around.Also had the baby octopus with squid ink linguine. We were seated at the bar in front of the cook and saw this being prepared, and we just had to try. We weren't disappointed, it tasted as good as it looks. If you go, just be prepared for a wait. When we went though, we were told 25 mins, so we got a drink next door. But we suddenly got a call in 10 mins and had to down our cocktails super fast. Also, I'm not a fan of family style tables - it's loud and I don't like people listening in on my conversations, so I'd suggest the eating at the bar if you're the same.Mmm...Avec!    I really didn't know if I was going to like this place considering the communal seating...but it wasn't so bad after all.  Expect to have some interaction with the people around you, so if you're trying to have a private conversation save it for later since everyone will most likely hear you.  The food is exceptional!   I've dined here twice and remember having the dates (of course), the short rib, the pizza, focaccia, and pork shoulder.   My favorites are the dates, which have the perfect balance of sweet, salty, and spice.  I also fell in love with the focaccia.  I enjoyed it so much that I wound up with taleggio in my hair!   Our server helped me decide on a wine and led me in the perfect direction.  I told her that I liked sweet wines and she suggested the Torres Vina Esmeralda, and I really enjoyed it.   And since I have an addiction to cheese, I had to try their selection of cheeses and I wasn't disappointed :)It would be nice if they accepted reservations, but its okay that they don't.  You just have to plan accordingly and get there early.  Overall, Avec is a great dining experience.Oh Avec! You were such a treat!  Jason and I came here before heading to the Chicago Bulls basketball game. Yes, it is an odd choice for dinner before a sporting event but it was good nonetheless. :) At first, I felt silly walking in because it took us a second to figure out just where the door was. The set up for this place is really cool. Low lights, wooden walls, simple chairs and tables gave this place a really cool vibe. Or I'm just easily impressed. The party next to us were all drinking their expressos and speaking french - loved it!We ordered the Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce and pork shoulder. The dates arrived first and I wasn't too impressed, they were spicy and sweet but didn't really blow me away. Not terrible by any means but not what I expected. The pork however, made the meal magical. The meat was so tender it feel right apart when I pulled it with my fork. So juicy and very flavorful. Excuse me as I wipe my mouth of drool. I definitely recommend trying this out. For drinks, we voted against wine, even though they have a large selection of enticing wines, we figured beers at the game were good. Instead we went with masala chai tea and cafe avec. Both were very good too!What also made me fall a little more in love with this place was the bill. Not just the fact that it inexpensive for a very good meal but the waiter hand wrote our bill. I don't know why but I thought that was really personable and cute. (I don't know if they do this normally or maybe they were just out of thermal paper for the printer - still nice)Much of my review will be echoing others' comments; yet I must gush about this "restaurant called Avec"...- Excellent food.  yes, those darn chorizo-stuffed madjool dates are the main reason why I visited Avec twice in a week.  THAT GOOD.   The pork shoulders, braised octopus, and the shaved brussel sprout salad are all exquisite as well.  Oh yes, I must also profess my love for their warm breads served with their dishes.- Cool, casual ambiance with a hint of sophistication.  Not too loud music, but the chatter noise is quite up there.  The only gripe I have is the communal tables that are SO stuck together that it's nearly impossible to get in/out of the table without copping a field on the nearby patron(s).  I really prefer to sit at the bar - much more fun and less cumbersome.- Friendly, attentive staff.  They seem to take pride in the menu offerings  - including the extensive list of wines.The first time we went was a warm Sunday night in May --- we waited quite a bit (about 20 min) but time flew by as we sipped our bottle of wine outside.  Avec was love at first bite.  And I hope to have many more nights of good food, good wine, and good company here.Where's the door?  The pine planked cocoon warms you into a happy vestibule of communal dining and happy lingerers. We were gracefully sandwiched in between 2 different parties on a communal table, but we didn't care.   I ordered a bottle of Italian white wine for $26 and we strategized our order: chorizo stuffed dates, sishito peppers, pork shoulder, ricotta stuffed flat bread, and quail.  Let's stop there and see how we feel:  We were stuffed and elated. It was like being in some dream like fantasy of the perfect sophisticated but laid back, intimate, cocktail party or European pub meal.  The music was rhythmic and personal. "all I can think about is when I can come back here." Jerel said after our meal.Small plates.  You'll spend around $50 per person.  Go with a group and share.  Give the hostess your cell phone and have a drink at Sepia or somewhere near beforehand while you wait.   The wait was only 30 minutes on a Sunday night.This was my favorite restaurant while in Chicago.I'm kind of surprised to see the amount of good reviews here because I was really unimpressed with this place.  I guess it's supposed to be "cool" to sit elbow to elbow with complete strangers on the picnic-table style benches, but I really prefer to dine with just those that I came with.  The set up was pretty annoying.Prices were reasonable I guess, but the food was only ok.  I had the brandade and the mussels.  Both unremarkable.  Service was so-so.  With all of the options in the West Loop, I doubt I'll return here.It will be a struggle to say anything that hasn't been said before but. . . outstanding. My husband and I traveled to New Zealand a couple of years ago and loved the communal, casual style of dining wherein you could sit wherever there was an opening and have a hot meal in the company of other globe trotters. Avec has that special feel. We sat at the bar and overindulged (on account of the $100 gift certificate we had). The food was outstanding. The chorizo stuffed dates were definitely the highlight, but the prosciutto salad and donuts for dessert were ridiculous. It was a cold, rainy night and Avec delivered on ambiance and warmth of flavors. It's in our top five experiences most definitely.Let's start with the chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates.  I liked everything from the smokiness to the chorizo, prob the best chorizo I've had in a long time.  These days bacon wrapped dates have been lackluster (ie Ba-ba-reeba), but Avec adds life to the dish which I lusted for many moons ago.  Whipped brandade generally consists of salted cod, olive oil, and milk.  This was a very unique and interesting flavor to me.  My first bite felt like I was a Polynesian voyager setting foot on the bare Mediterranean coast of France.  The only problem with the dish was it was really heavy.  My father and I were struggling to finish it and got bored of it towards the end.  So I recommend ordering it as a group of 3 or 4 pilgrims.  Hanger steak...really hard steak to prepare.  If you don't have the right marinade or heat, it can get quite chewy.  But, my hat's off to Avec, followed by a curtsy.The pan fried rouget / red mullet fish was recommendable as well.  A little bit oily, but packed with great taste.  I felt a lot of the dishes that I ordered was on the heavy and oily side.  I wish I ordered wine instead of beer or even a salad to cut the grease.  After I COLONize Avec, I may conquer the lands of Blackbird.I never know how to begin writing about places that already have gagillions of reviews, but here's hoping my experience adds a little something to the already vast ocean of information.A double birthday celebration brought us to Avec on a warm summer night, and despite getting there fairly early (on a weeknight even!), we still waited 45 minutes for a table, and even then ended up eating at the bar.  In the meantime, a well-poured manhatten on the rocks kept me going in the cute little waiting area out front, and the service at the bar ended up being very personal and attentive, so it all worked out.It's been said over and over, but the chorizo stuffed dates - holy mama they were a)huge and b)amazing!  The small plate of boudin sausage was probably our least favorite, just a little too soft for my liking, but the rest of the meal was divine.  I highly recommend ending your meal with a cheese course, it was absolutely delicious.  One of the servers talked us through our choices of cheese, helping us pick what we'd like best.  Heaven.  Not to mention the warm wood interior is so inviting and cozy!  We did order a bottle of wine, which was more expensive on the check than on the menu, and which they apologized for saying that the new price hadn't been updated.  It would have been nice to been offered to fix the difference, but we had such a good meal until then that it just wasn't worth making a stink over.  So here's what I learned about Avec.  Go early.  Prepare to wait.  Offer to sit at the bar for some great service.  Get the chorizo stuffed dates.  Get lots of things really, there's so much good stuff to try!  End with a cheese course.  Relish the amazing meal as you stroll along Randolph street afterwards.  Man what a great food town we've got!I dined at avec for the first time over 3 years ago, on my second date with my now fiance, and I can't believe it's taken us this long to return!My first trip to avec was a little different, as we were there very late and had a table all to ourselves.  This time, we experienced the communal seating at the peak of dinner hour -- and I must say, at first I was a little hesitant to dine that closely with my neighbors.  But after awhile (and half a bottle of champagne) I was enjoying myself and chatting with people about the amazing food.The food.  WOW.  has got to be some of the best reasonably priced "fine dining" food in the city.  We had the frog's legs, polenta with spinach and reggiano, pork shoulder, and chorizo dates -- we were debating if it was too much food, and our server suggested a half order of the dates, which was one each, and turned out to be a perfect amount of food.It's hard to choose a favorite, but the pork shoulder was just amazing.  It came in this wonderfully fragrant and well-seasoned broth, topped with a spicy mustard.  The meat was so tender and flavorful.  All the flavors just melded together perfectly to create an unforgettable dish.  The polenta was pretty unforgettable as well.  Three seemingly simple ingredients: polenta, spinach, parmesan - came together to make something so wonderfully delicious.  I can't get over it.  I will be thinking about this meal for a long time to come.Lastly, we had the lychee sorbet, which after all that food, was a fantastic light and sweet finish.  The two accompanying little shortbread cookies were delicious.The servers here are all so nice and helpful and not the least bit pretentious.  Even though it was packed, they didn't hurry us at all, and the meal was wonderfully paced.Although I can see how some people may not enjoy dining so close to their neighbors, the food outweighs every qualm you may have about being cozy with strangers.  Just have a drink and go with it!  I will certainly be back to avec, and it won't take three years this time!I really wanted to give this place a million stars. I was psyched to be going, psyched to get there, and then...eh. I don't know where it fell apart in my head but at the start of this review, I'm handing it 3 stars. It might be more when I finish.- The place reminds me of a sauna. Slick maple woods and silvers and an open kitchen. It's like a restaurant inside a sauna shaped like a long shoebox.- Family style dining. Everyone sits together. I mean it. There are like, 5 tables total. If you get stuck next to some loud talker who will NOT shut up, you're pretty fucked - but you'd be fucked in any other restaurant too - you just wouldn't be RIGHT next to them.- The place was packed when we got there, so we were told to hang out outside and a bartender would be out to take care of our drinks. We hung out outside. Bartender never came. Sad face.- Once seated though, our server was super nice, super animated, and not too "breathing down your neck". He brought us a bottle of PINK champagne right away and it was awesome.- The crostini was nice - but only nice. Not mind-blowing. Asparagus had a great crunch to it but the red bean "hummus" was kind of meh.- I had never tried boudin before, but my friend recommended we try it. My reaction? "Meh." Not impressed.- The chorizo-stuffed dates with bacon? Holy jesus. I want like, fifteen orders of THAT. Sweet and savory and a great texture and just...wow. WOW. THAT gets 5 stars immediately. Holy shit. Just thinking about them makes me want more.- The pork shoulder? Da-yum. It was served in a little cast iron tub, marinating in this great sauce with noodles, sausage, squash and I forget what else. But it was tender as hell and everything in that little tub went together perfectly.If I could bump this place to 3.5 stars, I'd do it. But I can't. So it stays at 3.AT LAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!A (stuffed) date to remember, definitely.Heaven, I'm in heaven, and my heart beats so that I can hardly speeeaaakkkk..... It's true. Last night, Avec = heaven. My fabulous foodie mom was in town for Mother's Day weekend - do we go to Avec, or take our chances at Grocery Bistro? I think we made the right choice. Not afraid to dine early if it means no wait, we secured some seats at the bar, and took in the wine list. Our server/sommelier extraordinaire (um, also super hot) hooked us up with a great bottle of white, and helped us through the menu. We went with three small plates to share. I had my eye on the braised baby octopus, but unfortunately it wasn't yet available (but did show up toward the end of the evening). Instead, we chose the stuffed dates (they do half orders...you have to ask!), asparagus with egg, and homemade boudin sausage with grilled onions, parsley, and fava beans. I think that whatever we ordered would have seemed to be the best choice on the menu. Everything was ahhhmazing! Wonderfully fresh ingredients - the perfect balance between salty and sweet, mild and spicy, delicious and ....delicious-er. Really, I can't find another adjective other than "perfect" to describe our Avec experience. We were so won over by the staff that when they asked if we wanted dessert (and though we didn't exactly catch all of the dessert options) we just nodded when we heard "chocolate." Out came thin, crispy, yummy pieces of dark and milk chocolate. We were given complementary strawberry fizzy drinks to "enjoy with our chocolate." Thank you thank you thank you! Until we meet again...This is a very modern, clean looking restaurant, although quite narrow. Our party of 3 arrived at around 6:30 on a Saturday to a very full restaurant. The wait was about 30-45 min which was not as bad as we imagined. Since it was such a small space, we did have to wait outside in a little area they had sectioned off.Now on to the food. We ordered everything to share.Small Plates:Big eyed tuna crudo: 3 pieces of fresh, delicious fish. There was a nice smoky chili flavor to the sauce.Burrata with marinated tomato and pork bits: The burrata was so creamy and buttery. The tomatoes added a very nice texture to it.Chorizo stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon: Perfect blend of savory from the chorizo, sweetness from the dates, and smokiness from the bacon, along with a slight kick from the chilisCrispy redfish with watermelon, onion, and tomato relish: The skin had such a nice crisp and flavor to it. The fish was soft, warm, and flaky..well cooked. The relish added a nice freshness and texture to the dish. Large Plates:Squid ink pasta alla chitarra with corn, fresh cayenne pepper, mint breadcrumbs and rock shrimp - Nice earthy flavor. Pasta was perfect al dente. The shrimp were well cooked, but I have to deduct half a star because they were not deveined. :( I expect that from a place like this. Otherwise I really enjoyed the dish. Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with braised flageolet & romano beans, PQM kielbasa, and pickled banana pepper relish - If there were a bone it would have the melts off the bone effect. Very tender and flavorful meat. The relish added a nice briny flavor. Because of the size of the restaurant, the seating is limited. They have a communal table concept...A long table with one side being a bench and the other side chairs. It's very cramped and a bit awkward because you have to get up to let other parties in and out if you are sitting on the ends. It's cool if you are sitting among friendly cool people, but I could see how it could be bad if the other people were obnoxious.  I deducted another half a star for that. All in all, I really enjoyed the meal and was very pleased with this restaurant. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Chicago.Well, where do I begin. My friends and I were horrified by the service, or lack thereof, we had here. Upon arriving, one of us put our name in for a table since they do not take reservations. We had tried to make reservations earlier in the week. The hostess looked at my friend, AND LAUGHED. She then said, I'll put your name on the list. We found an outside table top to have drinks at in the mean time. It took about 20 minutes for the bartender to come over to us and ask us if we would like drinks. It took another 30 minutes to get the bottle of wine. When we inquired about our table, the hostess again LAUGHED and said it would be awhile because apparently the only table they could seat us at had a party that was taking their time. When we saw a table open up and get set up for six, we thought we were in. However, people that arrived long after us and who were a party of four were seated at that spot. We waited another 30 minutes to be seated. In the mean time, we told the bartender we didn't want another bottle just yet, but she seemed to think we said "yes! yes! more wine!" and was in the process of getting another bottle when we intercepted the hostess (to inquire about our table). I don't know if the hostesses are frightened by a group of girls, but please, you work in customer service. Be polite. It took my friend another hour to get her bill, and she had to walk inside to get her credit card. Owners of Avec, if you own this, I would seriously observe your hostesses because their job isn't that hard, yet they are failing miserably. This has turned me off of Avec and Blackbird. I live in the area, and I urge people to try other spots since Randolph has many more options.Hands down our favorite restaurant from Chicago. Through our connections, we were able to be seated with relatively little wait time at the counter in this intimate, ash-blonde/steele/glass establishment.The maitre-d'/sommelier(?) took our coats, suggested vino prior to our seating and we had a great time people watching from a corner. The tempo was fast yet casual and fun, and the food that was presented at each table made every minute of waiting become exponentially more tortuous than the last. When we sat down, we peered into the menu and had a really difficult time deciding. The flatbread looked fantastic on the table, but at 12 inches in diameter, we thought it would be a little too much flatbread for the 2 of us, especially since we wanted to order as much as possible. We ended up with:- Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo (delicious)- Braised octopus with spinach (so unexpectedly sea brine-savory and tender, we could cut the octopus with our forks)- Braised beef hearts with beans (THE BEST dish of the night)- Oven roasted whole porgy with tarragon, walnuts, olives and parsley (the flesh was tender, skin crispy and perfectly seasoned--I never knew porgy could taste so good, we even ate the cheeks and eyeballs out of the fish)Avec is excellent in every way except when it comes to billing. Apparently, our server added an additional $20 on top of our bill either on purpose or by accident. Either way, that sucked because we were using a gift card and I didn't notice the deduction until the day after when I checked the balance. Minus one star for either dishonesty or lack of math skills.Alas - 4 years after arriving to Chicago - I finally had my chance to eat at Avec for new years eve.I made reservations 6wks in advance for this dinner for a party of 6 at 8:30pm. (this is the only time of year where reservations are accepted)  We arrived promptly at 8:30 and our table wasn't ready.  The six of us had cocktails next door at Meiji and the hostess said she would ring our cell phone once our table was ready.  By 9:15 - we were still hanging out at Meiji.Finally, at 9:30 we were seated in the WORST seat of the house - the one right at the front door where wind would catch us every few mins.  The restaurant was bustling and crowded.  We had one couple sharing with our party of 6 and I felt kinda of bad for them because we were starting to get a little fiesty from the cocktails we had waiting an hour for dinner and on an empty stomach - but this is supposed to be Avec's fun concept right?The dinner's theme was "land and sea" for $50 and a wine & beer pairing for an additional $25.  It was a good deal for the date and the number of courses but honestly, only one dish blew me away.  The rest of it was decent but definitely not outstanding.On a positive note though, the staff were not sticklers about the wine pairings - if you happened to have finished your wine before the course came, they were very good at filling up your wine.  Two of the five pairings were outstanding and well worth $25.I was a little peeved that we didn't get out of dinner until 11:30 which only gave us a short amount of time to get to our next destination to toast in the new year.  I thought I had it well planned to do dinner at 8:30 but didn't expect that they would seat us an hour late.I will return again because I can understand that a restaurant serving the same thing over and over again can be uninspiring.  I'd like to come back to give it a chance but doubt it will happen soon because I hate restaurants that don't offer reservations and I don't wait for my food.  That's how I roll.I think Henry David Thoreau was misquoted and he meant to say that he wanted to suck out the marrow out of bones because it is so delicious.  He must've arrived at this epiphany when he was slurping down Avec's bone marrow that was part of the marinated hanger steak entree.  Next, he must've been in a state of Nirvana because he forgot to mention truffle oil.  Everything tastes better when sprinkled with truffle oil and Avec's deluxe focaccia bread is no exception.  The taleggio and ricotta cheese sure didn't hurt that taste either. The Shishito peppers and pickled feta cheese form a nice marriage that would make Kim Kardashian jealous.  The wood-oven roasted pork shoulder comes in a pot of complete awesomeness.  Porky rests in a magical elixir of ingredients that even Professor Snape wouldn't be able to figure out. Wooden panels and seating creates a modern, yet simplistic atmosphere.  The servers were more than capable and made this dining experience a fantastic one.Wow, my computer just ate/erased this really detailed review I was writing about Avec. I will condense it since I'm too lazy to retype it all.Cons:They don't take reservations, so you have to either be willing to wait or go at odd times.Communal tables = fun, unless you are seated with loud, annoying people.Last time I was there, they had run out of a bunch of cheeses (both Spanish cheeses and the cheese from Portugal)Pros:Everything on the menu is spectacular. Faves: squid amatriciana (sans the fennel aioli), pork ribolita, chorizo-stuffed dates, foccacia, nutter butters, pear and quinoa salad. Beautiful space/great interior design.Solid wine list (wine and beer only, though)Kitchen open lateBottom line: go on a weeknight after 9pm or a weekend after 11pm. The word has gotten out about Avec, but it is worth the wait.This place would definitely get five stars if it weren't for two huge design flaws:Design flaw #1- the lighting. Remember the Seinfeld episode when Jerry was dating "bad lighting girl", who could look drop dead gorgeous or horrifying depending on what kind of light she was in? Well, Avec has the kind that makes everyone look at least worse than they would outside....if not, well, horrifying. See, it's like fluorescent/ cubicle lighting....which is bad if you're trying to set the mood or just not get a headache.  Go during the day to get the best the sun has to offer- after dark it's kind of creepy.Design flaw #2- the chair/block/seat thingy is not in proportion to the table. It never fails- completely sober and about ready to enjoy my wine- that I hit my hand against the table and spill in my lap and then look like I pissed myself for the entire meal. Now, I'd totally assume it was just me (depth perception issue, learning disorder, spaziness) if I hadn't also seen it happen to others. Get an architect/ designer/ furniture-maker in there stat and, while you're at it, put some backs on the chair. I want to eat and get fat- not work my core. Aside from those issues, this place is great. The food is amazing, interesting, perfectly portioned, and the beer and wine selections are great. I'm not one for hard liquor, so I don't mind that they don't serve cocktails. Their cured meats are amazing, and just about any meat dish you get is going to rock your world.This was a fabulous dinner.  There are no reservations here and the tables are tables of 8 and you sit with people you may not know so just be forewarned.  The food is fabulous.  They have both small plates, and large plates and they suggest sharing food.  We started with the bacon wrapped stuff dates and the cod.  The dates were the best stuffed dates I ever had. I think I could have ordered an entire other order of those.  I enjoyed the cod, it had good flavor but it wasn't my favorite part of the meal.For dinner we had the pork shoulder and a pizza. I do not eat a lot of pork but it was absolutely fabulous.  It was so tender it fell apart as soon as you picked it up.  It was cooked with baby onions and dates that added great flavor.  The pizza was good it was a grape pizza but the cheese got very greasy as it sat there.  I can't remember the types of cheeses they used but the flavor was amazing.The wine menu is very thorough.  It's all foreign wines from France, Spain and Australia.  The waiter was able to help us pick a great bottle of wine that would go with the wide array of food we had.  I would recommend going, but make sure that you leave plenty of time because the line can get very long.  I showed up on a Tuesday night at 6:30 and we got the last two seats at one of the tables.We went here because some Girl and her Goat wanted a 2 hr wait on a Thursday. I've been there. It's good. Not great.  Avec was interesting.  Full wood panels,  reminiscent of a cabin yet not rednecky.  The bathrooms had the panels vertical which reminded me of grandma's basement.  We waited 30 min on a thursday for a 'table' .  communal style eating with EXCELLENT service, friendly people, and delish food.  I had the poirk shoulder which was more than enough.  Juicy, tasty, and almost perfect.  My friend had the whole fish which at $37 was a bit pricey but worth it since it was Snapper and the meat was very good.  As apps, we had the stuffed dates which were also very good and the chicken thighs were juicy and very good. We had the beer (I forgot the brand) and a red wine  (also forgot ) which were both  perfect.  The crowd is young, late 20s to 30s and classy.  Come here for a great meal and an amazing experience.I arrive at Avec, awhile back, with my brother and SIL.. We sit down and peruse the menu. Red wine, salami, anchovies, yes, these are a few of my favorite things - and my brother's too,  a love for the savory runs in our family.A dish of baby gherkins appears at my elbow.  HONEY! It's my favorite bartender from all those years ago at Club Lucky, now a partner at Avec. See my review of Club Lucky for the baby gherkins explanation.I really love this place, and should go more often. The menu really is comprised of all stuff I like. And red wine - who among us does not enjoy a fine glass of the driest Spanish Rioja you can find, in the winter, I ask you! And the little dishes of Spain, ah yes.Avec, oh Avec.  I was going to leave Chicago thinking that the town had nothing to offer in the culinary aspect.  I mean, I went to a Spanish tapas place people raved about and found it quite disappointing.  I went to Top Chef Rick Bayless's restaurant and left thinking it was good but didn't amaze.  I had the world famous hot dogs and pizzas but I've had better dogs and pizza in LA.  But Avec, oh Avec, you've got a hold on me.  You've really got a hold on me.Enter the elongated room where they've definitely made the most of their space.  Behind the counter you have the chefs, the bartender.  There are a couple seats at the counter and long tables from the entrance to the exit.  Get comfortable with not having personal space because you'll probably be sitting next to strangers that can hear everything that you say, so you should probably save the illegal business and family drama for later.  I ask the waiter for a white wine that isn't too sweet, mildly fruity, and crisp tasting.  He brings a vinho verde which was actually perfect for what I wanted.  Then we look to the "tapas-like" menu, where everything is made to be shared.Everyone raves about the chorizo stuffed dates.  And I will add to that raving.  The dates add a subtle sweetness to the chorizo and the bacon wraps all of that up in a perfect, tidy package.  The tomato sauce encompasses the meatballs in perfect harmony and adds a great spicy kick.  This comes with fresh baked rustic bread that pairs very well with the meat.We also had the sunchoke (root of a plant similar to sunflower, we were told) crostini (little bread) with shaved Brussels sprouts, radish, in a light delicious truffle vinagrette.  This was absolutely amazing.  It has a very nutty flavor as the sunchoke is some sort of flower root that they mash up and the consistency tastes almost like hummus --served on crunchy bread.  The shaved radish and Brussels sprouts on top added a great crunchy texture.And this not being enough, we also felt compelled to order the wood-oven braised pork shoulder which is a large item (as if the 2 small ones before weren't already big enough for two hungry girls).  This comes complete with mussels, tripe, and grape tomatoes.  This dish actually had a very Asian inspired taste to it.  Maybe it was the tripe.  Maybe it was the spices.  Either way, the pork just melts in your mouth and every bite is better than the last.And then, as if all of that wasn't enough, we had to order the pear tart.  It was almost like a crumble tart and it tasted pretty good with the spiced pumpkin-y ice cream on top.  Thank you, Avec.  It was truly a delicious culinary experience.  Oh.  P.S.  One of the chefs is totally good looking and I couldn't help but stare.  He was making awesome focaccia and the crostinis.  :)REVIEWING OLD FAVORITES #3: LIKE A PHOENIX... I have no doubt that avec will rise from the ashes stronger than ever. My last meal here was two nights before the tragic fire. As I reveled in the still glorious chorizo-stuffed dates wrapped in crisp bacon, the drool-inducing whipped brandade on garlic toast, and the mini-cast iron hot tub of pork shoulder love, it struck me that avec is still able to bring its A-game even after six years at the top. There is too often an inverse relationship between fame and quality, but avec has shown an admirable knack for keeping the menu fresh despite its legions of adoring fans. avec is scheduled to reopen in mid-September, and I for one, am counting down the days.Ah, not so much love for Avec...Between the no reservation policy and the option of being perched in a high top chair at the bar or sitting at a cramped communal table....Its just uncomfortable and not relaxing.  Dude, its Chicago- not NY- get a bigger space so your customers can have some elbow room.I didnt really love the food and I am on the verge of saying I hated the dates. The scallops were pretty good. The pork dish tasted like a roast anyone can make. Everything seemed heavy.The service was great but if the food is the star there, I didnt taste it.I literally said, "This could be the best meal I've had in my entire life."Absolutely each bite was amazing. That was really my barometer. I never knew what my barometer of "best meal" would be, but it is certainly that every single bite that goes into your mouth is amazing.On my must-have menu:Chorizo Stuffed Dates -- I kept the last bite of this until the very very end of my meal so I could savor it.Apple Salad with Manchango -- Simple, fresh, a great compliment to our other shared dishes.Special of the day - Mushroom salad -- This dish blew my mind! Mushrooms?? No idea why they were so amazingly good. Clearly the chefs at Avec have MAD SKILLS!Sturgeon -- A lovely fish, tender, moist and absolutely delicious as was the whole meal.Hangar Steak -- Tender, juicy, again those skills!I'm planning my next trip to Chicago for a reunion with Avec.Not sure what all the hype is about (unless the hype is specifically about the bacon wrapped dates....)Three big factors that I tend to rate restaurants on:  Food, Atmosphere, and Service.    Avec gets 4 stars for food,  3 for atmosphere and service.When we arrived they told us at least an hour wait (they don't take reservations), so we went to wait at a bar next door.  After an hour we went to check on our wait.  They said it would be another hour.  Grr.  When we finally got our table, it was directly in the middle of the very small waiting area, so the whole time I was eating I had random butts and purses bumping into me.  Overall the place was like a can of sardines- too many bodies.  Isn't that against fire code or something?  It was VERY loud in there, which I found very annoying as we had to yell if we wanted to have a conversation.  As far as food is concerned, you MUST order the bacon wrapped dates.   This was the highlight of our meal.   Also good was the chicken thighs.  Otherwise OK was the frog legs and flat bread, but nothing to go crazy about.Prices weren't as crazy as I thought they'd be.   Our total bill was $140 for four people including a bottle of wine.   Not bad at all.  But alas, because I like to relax when I eat, and Avec did not make me feel relaxed, I will not likely return.   Sorry Avec, I tried!My friends always shake their heads in disbelievement when I tell them I have not ever eaten at Avec. "Why not?" they would utter "You've been to every place in town and not Avec? How is that possible?" How was that possible, I wondered. And then I knew the answer. Avec takes no reservations and has communal seating. Two things that don't bode well for business discussions and since about half of my eating out is work related in some way- Avec just fell to the side until I could make a personal visit on a night (Monday) at a time (6pm) where I thought the wait might be minimized. And it was. We were seated immediately at the very back table right in front of the kitchen area. We started with some of the cheeses from "the cave" and the assorted salami plate. Terrific. And the bread that came to the table was so tasty as well. A friend had told me about the chorizo stuffed dates so we had to order those. And he was right. They were exceptional. For entrees- we split the the pasta special of the day which was angel hair pasta with squid. Delicious. And finally, we tried the turkey meatballs with orzo. Perfect as well. While several of that day's desserts sounded tempting- we decided to forego more food for an after dinner drink as we brought the evening to a close. While the food was great- service was a bit off. Our server acted like she didn't know the menu and was slow to come up with suggestions. Also- we shared everything which seemed to again throw her off. But the food made up for any inconsistency in the service, that's for sure. Will communal seating ever be my favorite? I doubt it. And not taking reservations? I'm a girl who hates to wait. But those two things aside- the food makes up for any hesitation I may have had in visiting Avec. And you can bet I'll definitely be back. There are definitely more of those dates in my future!We came here a little before 5pm and the place was almost full!!! We were shocked. The seating is a bit odd for such an upscale place. Be prepared for a lot of moving in and out of your seat if you are sitting on the outside of the community style tables.  The lack of seating space wont allow for much privacy in your conversations during dinner.The food here was relatively good. We only ordered three dishes:chorizo stuffed medjool dates (delicious!)couscous salad (delicious!)braised pork shoulder (only ok)Total came to about $44. Not super expensive, but not cheap either. Not sure if I'll be back for a while to Avec.Lots of hype, lackluster delivery. The setting: Chaotic. Tiny. Communal seating, barely any room to move....think: narrow log cabin with picnic tables and a full-length bar combatting each other for food, beverage, and service.The food: Small plates, meant for sharing. Food was okay, nothing life changing - for that, head over to Blackbird next door. The bacon wrapped chorizo dates were as good as avec got for me.The service: Essentially, they don't seem to GAF. They are looking to turn and burn and appear highly annoyed and righteous for some reason.Notes: No resos, 45 min wait after arriving at 6:30pm, just to give you a frame of reference. There is no waiting area, unless you stand outside. So be prepared to head down the block to the Jefferson Tap to kill time.I love Avec.  The concept is a little annoying (shared tables, no reservations), but the food made me not care.  We went on a cold Sunday night, and the delights inside were the perfect thing to warm us up.We tried the duck confit, chorizo-stuffed dates, and the marinated hangar steak.  Each dish was sinfully rich and punched us in the face with flavor.  Those dates are one of the best things I've had.  Also, the people sitting next to us gave us their last piece of pizza because they were full.  See?  Communal dining isn't all bad.This was several months ago, and their menu rotates.  You'll always have new things to try at Avec.I love everything about this place.  From the chic wood-and-stainless steel decor to the awesome food, I was very impressed all around.We started with the shaved fennel salad, which was killer.  Crisp fennel, red wine soaked manchego, a tiny bit of sweetness from halved grapes and walnuts, and a truly awesome vinaigrette; everything went really well together in this dish.  Then we had the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates (pretty much as you'd expect), which came with a piquillo pepper tomato sauce that we soaked up every last bit of with the bread it was served with.My highlight had to be the bucatini with squid, tomato and mint.  A beautiful bowl of al dente bucatini, overflowing with calamari infused with the flavor of one of the best tomato sauces I can remember having, and just a hint of mint rounded it out quite nicely.Finally, the hangar steak was nicely cooked and marinated, but I didn't quite 'get' the dish.  I loved the hint of basil and the mustard seed it was served with, but the addition of grapefruit supremes really just didn't make sense to me.I wanted to get about 12 other things on this menu.  I can't wait to come back for more.Oh, man, I have been afraid to review Avec because I love it so much.  I don't want to do it any injustice.The Food: phenomenal.  I've tried a number of things here and thoroughly enjoyed every last one.  One favorite is the dates.  Holy goodness, I could eat them right now.The Wine List: great.  Admittedly, I'm not a wine expert, but I know good wine when I taste it.  I have only had excellent wine here.  (Good beer selection, too.)The Staff: friendly, knowledgable, welcoming.  If you're not sure which direction to go, ask your server.  They make great suggestions without being condescending.  The Environment: convivial.  The dining room consists of communal tables shared by friends and strangers alike.  Some people don't dig it, but I do.  It adds to the cozy, European feel.  Reservations:  non-existent.  I've been here during prime weekday dinner times (arriving between 7pm - 8pm) and have never had to wait more than 7 minutes or so (for a party of two).Avec is my favorite restaurant in the city.  I hope you love it as much as I do.Another restaurant that's just too cool for you.  Well, not exactly, but the hostess had a haughty air that reminded me of Scottsdale on steroids.  Everyone else actually seemed pretty nice, but the hostess was just a snot.The hype was just too great.  We tried the date small plate and squid small plate.  Both were solid dishes, but nothing crazy creative or palate thrilling.  We also got the large lamb pasta dish was also pretty good but actually slightly disappointing.  Seems they slow cooked the lamb so it did have a subtle lamb flavor but it could have easily been replaced with beef and most people probably wouldn't even have noticed.All in all, the food is good but the price tag and hype implies that the food will be something you can't do yourself or get anywhere else.  And that's just not the case..Since the fire and remodeling, it's still as fabulous as ever.Good wine choices, and good wine advice.  We enjoy sitting at the counter and visiting at length with the staff.  The food is still outstanding.  The dates and chorizo are unchanged.  We worked through small plates like deviled egg crostini and a delicious brandada with garlic bread.  Then the terrific cheeses.  No room left, but we still went for the chocolate crepes with mascarpone and housemade nutella.  Awesome.Everything here is first class.  It is a perfect place to relax, enjoy the enticing atmosphere, and munch your way through an evening.  This is city living at its finest.Word is that there will be a new chef soon, so I better get to it on my review.The boyfriend and I came here with a friend of his about a month ago, and we ordered the chorizo stuffed dates. Now, I usually don't like this dish. I've had bacon wrapped dates multiple times at many Spanish tapas places, and I've never liked it. My companions always order it, and I always get offered one, but I just didn't like the mushy, sweetness of the dates with the hard (not crispy), semi-salty bacon. It wasn't my thing, and I was almost sure that I wouldn't like Avec's version either. I was wrong though. Avec's was slightly spicy thanks to the peppery tomato sauce, and I love the chunkiness of the chorizo with the mushy, sweet dates and the salty, savory bacon. This plate of bacon wrapped dates was the best I've ever had. We also ordered the hanger steak with shaved artichokes, dried crimini mushrooms, pine nuts, parmesan and kale chips. It sounded good, but actually, this was my least favorite dish. First, I didn't think that the crimini mushrooms would be dried. It didn't mention it on the menu. It was like eating it straight out of a bag of sliced dried shiitake mushrooms (except that shiitake would have been more fragrant)... It was strange to me. Second, the flavors of the toppings were so overpowering that I didn't enjoy the steak. The toppings had a very herby taste to it. Finally, I thought the steak was a little dry too. For our last dish, we ordered the wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with braised collard greens, wild rice, and green tomato chow chow. I don't know what green tomato chow chow means, but the dish was very good and savory. I liked this one a lot too, if only because it reminded me a little bit (very, very faintly!) of my mom's bo kho (Vietnamese beef stew, except that my mom made it with lamb meat). I was also surprised by the wild rice, and at first I thought it was the black forbidden rice from China. It tasted very good, and the broth was very fatty. It was perfect for dipping your bread into after you're done with the meat. I had a very fun and enjoyable meal here, and we had some fun talking to our neighbors next to us at the communal table. I thought the restaurant would be a little more classy (not that it's not!), but it was a lot more casual than I thought, and I enjoyed that a lot. I hope to come back again soon.As if we needed it, we led off our anniversary dinner at Blackbird with appetizers at Avec. We don't get to Avec much during times where there isn't a wait, so we took advantage. We were seated immediately and ordered the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo and the tallegio foccacia. The dates were maybe one of the top things that I have eaten outside of Alinea. The Chorizo was savory, the dates sweet,, and the bacon salty. The pepper sauce was a little spicy with a little acid. Every thing was balanced. They were so rich however that I could barely make it though the foccacia. It was great. The tallegio was creamy and the truffles were a perfect touch. The flat bread was crispy without being doughy. The 2 dishes that we had at Avec rivaled anything we had at Blackbird. If we could get seats on a more regular basis, we'd be here all the time.Avec is a revelation.Avec is all about perfect balance.Avec is small. Avec is crowded.Avec is well worth the wait.Coming with a group of 7 makes it quite difficult to nab a table. There are no reservations, and our wait was 2 hours.  Some of our group headed next door to sister resto Blackbird (on Avec's staff recommendation) to sample some cocktails... some of us decided to wait it out perched at the bar.  An odd "rule" -- we were intitially informed that we couldn't order food at the bar if not everyone in our party had a seat (2 of us were seated; 1 standing).  But the server came back and informed us that the boss had given his approval (perhaps taking pity with the foolish large group whose wait was increasing exponentially by the minute...). To stave off hunger we nibbled on the medjool dates before we finally were reunited with the other half of our party and were seated.A large group at Avec does have its advantages - we were able to smaple a goodly number of dishes off the menu...1) chorizo-stuffed madjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce $9This is apparently a constant on the menu -- I'm not a fan of dates, medjool or otherwise (and except when I'm with the husband), but the ratio of date to chorizo & bacon with a complex tomato sauce made for a some flavour-packed balls of savoury, salt, sweet and the perfect bit of spice.2) braised chestnut and lima bean crostini with caramelized onions, frisee salad and lemon vinaigrette  $9 - 2 ordersdelicious and somewhat mild chestnut and lima bean puree topped with a refreshing acidy salad - again, something I would not normally order, but fairly good-tasting if not too exciting.3) avec salad with red oak and butter lettuce, watercress, radish, belgian endive, white onion and hazelnut vinaigrette $10Generous portion of delicate greens, lovely dressing and crisp radishes.  The bowl served all 7 of us well.4) baked escargot with french ham, mushrooms, white wine and housemade bread $10 - 2 ordersFantastic dish of utterly tender escargot with smokey french ham and lovely whole mushrooms.  Topped with a round of toast and served with a small ciabatta loaf, we defintely were sopping up the sauces to get every last tasty bit.5) wood-roasted chicken thigh with liver dumplings, cabbage and bacon, green apple vinaigrette $11 - 2 servingsOne of my favourites -- a perfect balance of savoury chicken thigh, rich liver dumpling (one could not really taste the liver), and balanced by the acid and tartness of a fantastic green apple vinaigrette.6) curry-braised pork shoulder with roasted rutabagas, turnips, garpanzo beans and mostarda   $20.5 - 1 serving - Large PlatePerfectly cooked tender meat that must have been simmering 8 hours... a lovely winter dish.7) wood-fired flatbread with taleggio cheese, truffle oil &amp; herbs $14 - Large Plate - 1 serving!!!! - I would not have normally ordered flatbread but it was crisp-fabulous, oozingly-fantastic and oh so wonderfully truffly.  I sat and sniffed and inhaled before scarfing my portion down.We ordered 2 more dishes: "a quercia" prosciutto with marinated ruby red grapefruit, cucumber, mint, red onion and gin vinaigrette  $20.5 -Large Plate -and a special of grilled rapini $8 which I unfortunately did not get to taste. :(Our bill came out to a very reasonable $30 for 7 of us. Fantastic pricing considering the quality of the food.  Definitely worth the wait, but perhaps we'll try a party fo 4 next time instead of bombing the place with 6 or 7...Came here on a Friday night which is pretty aggressive when they don't take reservations! The reason (I'm guessing) they don't take reservations is because the place is SO small, like teeny tiny! I think it probably seats no more than 50 people in the whole restaurant. They try to seat as many as possible by doing shared tables, which I'm not a huge fan of, but it works out OK.So we got there at 6:30, and the nice thing is that they take your phone number to call you when your table is almost ready. I definitely suggest going a few blocks down Randolph to the Haymarket Pub & Brewery (which will also be crowded) to grab a beer. They have an awesome selection and it's a cool place. If it's not too cold of a night, you can also order drinks and stand outside by the heaters. They have a really great wine list ranging in all prices - we actually got two bottles of Tempranillo for $19 each (which is hard to find in the west loop). We ended up getting seated at 8pm, so 1.5 hour wait.On to the food which definitely gets FIVE stars. A group of us four girls shared:* The focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs: SO good and a really good size... we all got 3 pieces each* Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with puff pastry, chestnut braised cabbage and roasted apple: SO tender and delicious. It comes out in a mini crock-pot and you can definitely tell they cook it for several hours* Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce: MUST GET THESE, they are absolutely delicious. It only comes with four "meatballs" so you may need two orders because you will definitely want more* Marinated hanger steak with puy lentils, melted bone marrow, spinach, tomato, oranges and fried capers: Also so delicious and perfectly cooked with great flavorI recommend all four dishes above. We were all full after sharing between the four of us, and the price was totally reasonable! Our whole bill (with a bottle of wine) for 4 people was $99.The only thing that knocked it down one star was the size of the place and long wait, and the server. You'd think when people wait SO long to eat at your restaurant, the customer service would be top notch, and it was just OK.So I finally had the chance to visit Avec this weekend. I had high hopes after my girlfriend told me about how good the food was, and I was impressed.We started off with the focaccia and stuffed dates, and both these dishes were extremely delicate and delicious. The focaccia was fresh and crispy and the cheese unique and thick. The stuffed dates were sweet with flavors of the dates, but also savory with the chorizo. Extremely succulent. Then we moved on to the crispy chicken thigh (which we found on the top 100 dishes of 2007 from Time Out Magazine), and the cod. Both dishes were good, but didn't stand out as much as the appetizers. The pork shoulder however was extremely juicy and soft. The juices and fruits also enhanced the flavors and I just couldn't help but finish everything.The small space, cute wooden decor and various well-dressed people made the place cozy yet chic. The prices matched well with the quality, and despite the smaller portions, I was extremely satisfied and full at the end of the meal.My only complaint is the wait. Luckily we arrived at 5:30 (when Avec opens). But if we had arrived 10 minutes later, we would definitely have had to wait for a table, and by the time we left, the line was almost out the door. So get here early and enjoy!!!I love Top Chef so of course I had to try Top Chef Stephanie's favorite restaurant in Chicago. Upon arrival, it took us a second to locate the entrance. It is deceivingly located in a small hallway, as if you're entering the adjacent building. Upon entering, my first impression was madness! There is no waiting area and they don't take reservations so as you can imagine, it was incredibly hectic near the front door. The wait was surprisingly (and probably unusually) short, but they were sweet enough to serve us drinks even though we were crammed in a small corner. The tables are large benches and our party of four was placed in the middle. This made it very inconvenient for the party of two at the end of our table. I guess with a table set-up like that, its expected that someone will be inconvenienced. The uncomfortable seating and crammed waiting area is excused as soon as the food arrives. It is tapas-style small plates and due to all the positive reviews, we had to start with the chorizo-stuffed dates. Yelpers never fail and it was our favorite dish by far. We also ordered the special pheasant sausage with fingerling potatoes, the chestnut crostini and the braised octopus. We cleaned off each plate down to the crumbs.The wine list was long and they provide small decanter sizes rather than glasses so you get a little more than a glass for the same price. For dessert, we shared a ricotta crepe with kumquats and pistachios. After tasting, we wished we had skipped it. The weak ending aside, I can see why this can be a favorite and I plan to return for more.My boyfriend, another couple and I came here last September when we visited Chicago. So glad to have found this restaurant. It was an awesome place with incredible food!!!  Hands down, the best restaurant that we ate at in Chicago. We ate at Alinea the night before and even that, I thought did not compare to Avec. Every dish was amazingly good and the price is pretty reasonable.The wait was about two hours but we were able to order wine and drink while we wait. It was definitely well worth the long wait. If you dont know what to order, like we did, ask the people that work at the place and they will recommend dishes for you. We pretty much ordered what ever they recommended and everything came out spectacular.The dishes that stood out the most were the Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon, Wood-Oven Braised Pork Shoulder, BLT Foie Gras, and Tuna Flat Bread. Delicious..my mouth is salvating just thinking about it. Would totally come back to Chicago just for Avec.Avec, I heart you. The venue is very small, cozy, quaint, modern and sleek.  I went here on a snowy chilly day, and walking in here was so warm and inviting i didnt wan to leave. Although the wait was very long, this place i hear is always packed!! Seating isnt always the best, sometimes your sitting in a table with a party or two that are complete straners, but thats the whole idea of it all.  Everything there is a bit cramped, and your forced to sit with people you may not know, but if your not rude, and they arnt rude, everybody has a good time! The food here is amazing!! their desserts here are amazing!! i esepcially love the chocolete crepe with the housemade nutella as desssert, bacon wrapped chorizo was awesome, and most dish on here tasted great!Service and staff here are quick and great. If I had to say one bad thing, The wait here is long, very long.  It is popular and  when theres a rude party, and they know people are clearly waiting for a table, and you take your time not eating nor drinking... please leave.  The business isnt making money, and you have an angry party starring at you for the last couple min you are there.  Some people can be rude like that, but if we all know we're there for a good time and to experience such a cool place, do try!!!Love the atmosphere! Communal tables and close quarters add to the great ambiance.  Wine list by the glass is excellent and the noshing sized items are always spot on.  Duh. Bacon wrapped dates are excellent. Definitely a great place to take friends visiting.There aren't a lot of places where you can have a fantastic meal and a great time eating by yourself, but Avec is one of them (and I'm sure it'd be even more fun with a group)!First, the food. I went with the medjool dates that everybody has been raving about, the wagyu coulette, and the lamb neck pappardelle. Dates: this is one of their signature dishes and rightly so. If you like pork at all, you will love this dish.  The dates with the tomato sauce is a revelation.  The other fantastic perk is that you can order a half-serving of the dish, so you get two instead of four.Wagyu: Really smart move to take the coulette cut (top sirloin cap, which can be tough), and use wagyu and marinate it, which gives you fantastic flavor with tenderness. The combination of the beef with the salsa verde was fresh and delicious.Lamb: Disclaimer - I love pappardelle with braised meats in general, so I was predisposed to like this dish.  It met my expectations. The lamb neck was flavorful and delicious. The only problem I had with this dish was that it was a little bit oily.Ordinarily, I would be hesitant to give 5 stars to a restaurant I've only been to once and only had 3 dishes at, but all three dishes were superb and you can tell that they run a great operation here. Some highlights1. The whole ambiance felt homey, special, and friendly. The wooden panel interior, the communal tables, the long stainless steel bar, the attentive service...it all served to transport you from a random street in downtown Chicago to a world where you got delicious food with friendly people.  The two people sitting next to me struck up random conversations with me and it felt totally natural. One guy next to me was on a business trip like me and had come two nights in a row because the pappardelle was so good.   The decor, vibe, layout, and food all reminded me a lot of one of my favorite restaurants in NYC - Momofuku Ssam Bar - and in my mind, it's hard to beat that.2. Everyone was incredibly thoughtful. When I got there, it was a 30 min wait even though I went on a Wednesday at 9pm, but they took my cell phone number and so I could wander around the neighborhood while waiting. Everyone introduced themselves by name. The hostess introduced herself and Tess and remembered my name throughout the night. Same with my server Josh, who was great and kept warning me that I might be ordering too much food (I proved him wrong though!)...how often do you have a server tell you to stop ordering?! The space was tight but because the hostess offered to take your coat and bags and stored them in the back, it didn't get too cramped. I've been to some really good restaurants in Chicago - Alinea probably being the best - but Avec is the kind of restaurant I can see myself returning to over and over again.Seriously when someone tells you it's a 2 hour wait on a Saturday you go ugghhhh.  But when 2 hours turns into 4 hours they can keep it.  The place is not that special folks...The food here is terrific.  I came here with 2 friends for dinner, left stuffed and happy, and the total damage was about $100 for the 3 of us.  Great value.As everyone has already mentioned, the chorizo-stuffed dates are amazing as they manage to simultaneously be sweet, savory, and spicy.  The other dishes were delicious too.   The English pea crostini was creative (mashed peas), crunchy, and fresh-tasting.  The spinach salad was served warm with some savory beans and something else that added crunch.  Lots of cheese options - all served with the best warm brick oven roll that I've ever had.  Homemade gnocchi  was tasty, but they were much bigger than normal, and was served with a rich pesto sauce.  The organic salmon was less of a winner - though just slightly seared and raw in the middle just the way I like it, it had a tinge of fishiness that did not appeal to me.Portions are pretty big, even for the small plates.  We were too full for dessert.  However, we did get two of their small wine carafes from their extensive wine list.  Not bad.The only caveat about this place is that they don't take reservations.  Be prepared to wait more than an hour for a table on the weekends - which isn't bad on warm nights when you can grab a drink and cluster around the tables outside.Would definitely come here again!Simply wonderful!I had been wanting to visit Avec and tried once in the fall only to be faced with a 45 min wait at 9pm on a Friday...boo!I was surprised that the restaurant was so packed around 8pm for a Sunday, but we lucked out and got seated right away.  The server was really nice and explained the menu and provided some reccos.  I will say that she suggested 4 items for 2 of us, but we were stuffed after 3!  Everything was delicious.  The flatbread was fabulous (though huge, I will say) and the stuffed dates were wonderful...the pork was also good.  I was unfortunately way too stuffed for dessert.  Food was a 5.The atmosphere is great - it's lively but not too loud and the spot really draws you in as it's warm and friendly.  A 5 for atmosphere.Value was good, though we could have ordered less.  It would be fun to return with a larger group so that we could sample more.  It's a bit pricey, but not overwhelmingly so and there were some nicely priced options on the wine list.  I'll go 4 for value.  The bathrooms were pretty cool and clean - yay!  5 for bathrooms.Service was great!  5 for service.  I want to return as soon as possible - so GOOD!  Definitely a great spot for dinner with friends, a date, special occasion - actually for any reason!Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates, wood-oven roasted pork shoulders, and wood-fired flatbread are must-tries.Here's a little tip I learned from my friends in Chi-town.... Avec doesn't take reservations and the wait on weekends can be an hour to two hours long.  So go there, put your name and phone number down, then head next door to the second floor korean bar - Nara.  Grab a beer, martini, and some korean appetizers with your friends until Avec calls you with your table.  We went there last Saturday and hung out at Nara for an hour and half before our table was ready.I constantly come to Avec anytime I'm in Chicago and the reason is blatant; it's just too damned good.They have their regular items such as their chorizo stuffed dates, which I would say ORDER. In a HEART beat. First of all, the portions are MORE than generous! Plus the dish comes with this effing great crust of bread!! You're going to wipe the rest of the sauce off with it. The dish isn't super sweet, in fact it's a bit spicy but you can taste the subtle sweetness from the dates, the spice from  the piquillo pepper and the tomato just has this very hearty taste with it. It comes with 4 large sized chorizo sized meatballs.The marinated hanger steak is surprisingly tender and flavorful. They change the marinade and accompanying items with it, but each time it's really worth it. The portion is definitely big enough for 2.It's a shame they didn't have their bone morrow when I went a few days ago because this is my favorite place to order that dish! The bread they serve it with is lightly buttered and crisp, the portion of morrow is good ( you can always do with more ), and the herbs they give you add that light and earthy kick.We just tried the Sunchoke corstini with salmon roe. If you're not a huge fan of salmon roe like me, you HAVE TO ORDER THIS. First of all, the brown butter adds this insane sweet coat so the roe isn't that pungent and the sunchoke break is MIND BLOWING!!? WHAT THE HELL IS SUNCHOKE AND WHY HAVEN'T I HAD MORE OF THIS?! ALL IT IS, IS A DIFFERENT TYPE OF ARTICHOKE!!! WHY HAVEN'T WE HAD MORE OF THIS?!The half chicken roasted with malt molasses glaze also came with blood oranges... or some type of 'let me explode your mouth with delicious citrus' fruit. Holy crap. Damn good. It's literally a cut up half chicken. Check and mate Avec.We were greedy, as we always are here, and ordered a new dessert; the hazelnut crumb cake. oh HOT damn. DAMN damn damn.Contemporary, unique and magnifique!  The dishes here are completely out of the ordinary and melding of many unique flavors.  The wine selctions pair pewrfectly with the food.  The sausage is spicy and comes with fried bits for texture sprinkled on top, with strips of radicchio and a sweet oil over the top.  House-cured.The ambiance is as unique as the food, this place is a hip spot to be seen.A word of advice: show up early.  Even on a monday, Avec fills up by 6pm.  And for good reason - it's delicious.The scopey menu ensures there will be something for everyone in your group.  Don't get too attached, though - you're meant to share!  The wine list can look intimidating, but the servers know their stuff and will happily point you in the right direction.  The best dish of the meal was the skate-wing, which was a special.  It was perfectly cooked, seared to perfection and dressed with an asparagus and olive salad. The communal seating arrangements can be seen as either a detriment or a bonus for the restaurant; it depends what you are going there for.  If you're going for a first date, say, it might be a little awkward to be plopped down in the middle of a long table full of people.  But, if you're going with people that you actually know, then it's a lot of fun to make friends with the people around you.  It's a lively, friendly atmosphere. I think that it is the combination of this atmosphere and the excellently prepared food that keep Avec feeling fresh and sitting at the top of most people's "best restaurants in Chicago" list even after being open for (I believe) over 4 years.Waited well over an hour (fortunately they let us get drinks in the sushi bar next door).The waitress was rather cold and didn't seem to like our questions. Lady, if you use unusual ingredients on the menu, prepare to explain them. The restaurant's decor is great - the music could be turned down a notch though. We all love Thom Yorke, we just don't need him wailing over the many conversations in such a narrow space. The food... I love the menu. Inspired combinations, varied selection of meats, however..where's all the vege dishes? Two of our group of four are vegetarian and we were unimpressed with the offering. The only entree was a pasta dish which changes daily. When we asked what it entailed, the waitress whispered with the chef right behind our table and - rather than the chef just explain it to us - the waitress turned and said, 'watercress, suede, rutabaga....' WHAT? Judging by the menu, they clearly had other vegetables on hand, so what's with all the roots? Instead we shared each of the vegetarian starters (all overly salted, although the squash/arugula salad was great), the focaccia (lovely, but far too salty) and a cheese platter.Which was fine for two small vegetarians... I wouldn't recommend it if you're hungry, though.As for dessert... two options. Lemon tart (served cold and alone on a butter plate) and a flour-less bitter chocolate cake with cinnamon ice-cream. Emphasis on the bitter. Fortunately the ice-cream was delicious.. if not a little unseasonal when it's snowing outside!)My advice: another vegetarian main course option. A little less salt on EVERYTHING. A wider/more varied dessert menu, possibly with something seasonal/warm.I admit it. I've been unfaithful - I've fallen victim to the flashy ways of many a restaurant and sampled their goods, but like every good hound dog that finds its way home, my culinary compass keeps pointing me back to Avec. If you could strip away all the showy pretenses of what makes a fabulous restaurant, you'd probably find a place like Avec at the core. The interior is modern and humble. A long rectangular concrete space is softened by the clean lines of wood panels. A long communal dining bar commands one side of the room with a row of tables on the other. It's what an Ikea design on a diet would look like. In other words, it's setup for the primary purpose of the enjoyment of food. The wait staff is professional and friendly and again enhances your culinary enjoyment. The food, my friends, is where all the magic happens. My fellow Yelpers have already waxed poetic on the food so I'll just say two things - dates and pork shoulder. There are too many other fantastic dishes to mention. I will say that every dish brings a delight for the senses. The food is fresh, inspired, and flavorful. There are numerous other notable restaurants to visit, but Avec is the one place I always return to when I think of amazing cuisine at its simplest and finest. If you're honest with yourself, you may come to realize Avec is also your one true love.This was my favorite meal during of the 4 or 5 restaurants we tried in Chicago.  The best dishes were actually the veggie dishes.  the brussel sprout salad tasted like butter, and that is obviously a good thing.  that was the highlight of the meal. Everything else was very good, the chorizo dates were delicious and I loved the blueberry flan even though it made me feel like I was eating something "healthy".   Also really enjoyed the cheese plate.  I also promise that I was not swayed by the fact that the chef was wearing a dodgers baseball cap.  I'm not a wino, but it seemed like the staff was pretty knowledgeable, and I personally enjoyed the sparkling wines (we were there on a festive occasion) that they served.My friend was in town and this is one of her favorite places so I readily agreed to meet her for dinner here.  We split the brandade (which was good, although I think it could have used more potato); the Burgundy snail polenta (very good); and the farro salad (interesting combination of flavors).  She had the flatbread with pheasant sausage and pumpkin and seeds which she enjoyed, and I splurged on the whole roasted fish in a ginger-tangerine vinaigrette, which was beautifully flaky, though I wish there had been a little more of the sauce, as I didn't really get to taste much of it, it felt almost like eating just fish.  My only qualm about the evening was when I went to leave, I thought my scarf had dropped out of my coat, and the gentleman at the door who handed me my coat (is he a partner? I am not sure, but I don't think he just worked there) seemed irritated at me when I asked him if he could just check the coat room (but it didn't even get to that point because I realized before he went back that I had it after all).  These things happen, so hide your annoyance please over something like that after I just dropped a pretty penny.Tip: go early, because there isn't much seating and it gets crowded fast.  I would go back, I want to try some of the other dishes, includiing the medjool dates...Such a wonderful little place to eat if you're willing to drop quite a bit. Because the portions are so small, you're definitely going to have to order 1-2 of the small plates and about 2 large plates.However, if the money and communal dining don't bother you (communal dining is something I will never get used to), it's a great place to eat. If you wish to avoid the communal dining problem, come with a group of six so you can take the whole table to yourself.The food is delicious, from appetizer to dessert and you won't be disappointed.And the best food, is definitely the Chorizo stuffed dates. They are the perfect blend of sweet, spicy, savory and meaty in one dish. If only they had the option of making it a large plate.....Personal Recommendation: Chorizo stuffed dates, Deluxe focaccia with Taleggio cheese, Roasted pork shoulderThe central question at Avec is how much pain are you willing to go through for some pretty good food.  The highlights are certainly the Chorizo-Stuffed Dates and Housemade Blood Sausage.  In fact, leaving the restaurant I saw one gentleman at the counter having those exact dishes--he knew what was up.  Also good was the Wood-Oven Roasted Pork Shoulder.  The pork was so tender you literally spoon it out of the pot it is served in.  The Salumi Selection was solid, but nothing particularly stood out in my opinion.  Items that I would definitely pass on in the future: the Shaved Fennel Salad and the Sweetbread Fritters (which ended up tasting not much better than glorified hush puppies).And now for the pain, which starts the moment you walk into Avec.  More likely than not, you will have to wait for a table--the problem being that there really is not much of an area to wait.  In fact, beyond the two wooden stools by the window and maybe additional floor space for two more people next to the host (and the entrance door that opens inward--gah), people have to start standing in the main (and only) walkway through the restaurant where you are guaranteed to be a nuisance to fellow diner and beleaguered server alike.  Ironically, all of this occurs in view of the restaurant's James Beard award for outstanding design.Your reward for the wait is the privilege of sitting at a communal table on a rock-hard chair or bench.  Luckily, having read this review you will know to look or ask for one of the seat cushions stacked in the window sill because your server surely did not point these out much less offer one to you--service overall is really nothing to write home about.  Also, Avec has to be the worst implementation of the communal table concept I have seen for the simple reason that whenever a diner on the interior of the bench-side of the tables has to get out, the two or three people (likely complete strangers) will have to get up and go out onto the main (did I also mention only?) walkway.  There they can bump into and remind queued-up diners that while both of them are sharing in the miserable experience, at least the seated fellows have food to assuage the hurt.Finally, pain does not have to all be physical.  As your server will explain, Avec is a small-plates-slash-sharing-slash-we'll-bring-you-­food-whenever-we-feel-like-it kind of restaurant.  Thus, the usual experience of a build-up and denouement is traded for a "raid the pantry as needed" approach you might follow when watching Sunday football by yourself.  The end result is a jumble that I feel does not properly highlight the food.So, why the three stars?  I seriously considered dropping Avec down to two, but...have you tried the chorizo dates and blood sausage?Funny, the most interesting places are found when least expected.  Originally, I wanted to take some clients to Publican.  However, after getting off the EL and having the incorrect RTA directions, we decided to find the nearest place (it was very cold out this early eve).  So, I've heard that Blackbird has wonderful food.  So, we went in there and unfortunately, they were not open to serving dinner until 530p.  Did I forget to mention that it was 4p.  LOL!!  So after being steered away from Blackbird but to be referred to their sister restaurant Avec, we decide to try it out.After walking in, very interesting decor.  Almost sauna like!! Very relaxing.We sat down at a wooden bench with wooden stools.  I mean, the entire place is wooden.  Cool!!We ordered four small plates and one large plate and two desserts.Small Plates-chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce-marinated hanger steak with puy lentils, melted bone marrow, spinach, tomato, oranges and fried capers-warm hen of the woods and shiitake mushroom salad with apple, red quinoa, parmesan, dill and sherry vinaigrette- roasted squid with san marzano tomatoes, guanciale, fideo and fennel aioliLarge Plate-wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with puff pastry, chestnut braised cabbage and roasted appleDessert-buckwheat crepes with ricotta filling, goat's milk caramel and berries- white chocolate panna cotta with maple figs and walnut shortbreadEverything was amazing!!  I am so glad it so cold outside otherwise we would have walked right by these places!One of the best meals of my life. I can't really say anything that hasn't already been said. As you know, get the dates, but also try the banger sausage and the tagliatelle with oxtail if they've got it. They had sweetbreads on special last night and they were delectable.I love the service, loved the ambiance. My boyfriend and I loved having a warm and friendly atmosphere to escape from a freezing spring night.(P.S. Our server told us that Food Network had been filming there the day before for The Best Thing I Ever Ate. What food item were they filming, you ask? The dates, of course!)This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  The food is absolutely perfect, and so is the decorating.  You couldn't ask for anything more beautiful in those areas.  I want my last meal to be from here, particularly the chorizo stuffed dates.  What really bugs me about this place is the huge wait, and it seems that every time I go here I'm getting the "unfriendly" waiters.  I tend to have bad experiences with waiters only at this restaurant.  I don't know what the problem is.  Not necessarily the service, but the comments they make.They have a new menu this season. We ordered 5 dishes for 4 of us and it was plenty!First, I'd like to mention that the wait time never gets shorter. We got there around 7:30 and were told the wait was going to be 1 hour. Fine, we went elsewhere for drinks and came back an hour later. The wait time was now 45 minutes. Wait...yes. one hour, fourty five minutes later we got our seats.In our party, there was one person who has never been to avec before, so we ordered the mandatory stuffed dates. They were much spicier than I remember. I went through a couple of glasses of water just to eat one date. The next dish that was brought out was prosciutto with ricotta with peaches and mint. Honestly, after eating the dates, the prosciutto tasted bland, almost flavorless. It could be because my mouth was still on fire, or it could be because the prosciutto was, in fact, nothing more than slices of (very fine) meat paired with ricotta and peaches.Then we got Focaccia (flatbread) with Teleggio cheese and truffle oil. Oy. The smell and the taste of the truffle oil (first time for me) was overwhelming. It reminded me of someone with really bad breath. My friend (who's had truffle oil before) said that they might've just used too much. We had pan-friend fish which was really really good. Usually, I never order fish because I'm not really a fan. But I ended up eating most of it.BLT. Well. It was the best dish of the evening. Pan Roasted Foie Gras - melts in your mouth. Heirloom tomatoes were really fresh and extremely flavorful. Tomato Bacon vinaigrette was the "cherry on top". The bacon came in tiny pieces, crunchy, cooked to perfection. I highly recommend this dish.Came here at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon, and boy that turned out to be a great decision. This place fills to the brim during prime dinner hours and started to do so right after we were seated.The place is small to be sure, but cozy, the bench style seating is fine, much like that of Purple Pig.Service- wonderful, the server was knowledgeable, and the rest of the waiting staff did a great job filling our drinks and replacing our plates b/w dishes.Food- small plate style eatery- chorizo-stuffed dates: definitely lives up to all the hype, they are delicious and the bread it comes with is soft and fluffy, perfect for soaking up the left over sauce after you eat the dates. The sweetness of the dates work perfectly in harmony with the saltiness of the bacon and the spice of the chorizo- whole fish: it's exactly what it sounds like, a whole (deboned) fish fried to a crisp and simply flavored. A charred orange that it's served with adds a nice touch of citrus at the diner's discretion- bucatini: the sauce, mint, bucattini, and octapus come together to make this dish delicious to the last bite- striped bass: this was the only "meh" dish of the night for me, the charred fish housed a bitter flavor which I wasn't very fond of, I don't think I would order this one again next timebeing this the first time I've visited Avec, I would say the experience was pretty good. The one thing that will surely bring me back here would be the dates, and next time I plan on trying the pork shoulder.Avec is one of my go-to places every time I visit Chicago. I first went to Avec based on the recommendations of several of my friends and I was not disappointed. Although the crowds might be off-putting for some, I found the family dining enjoyable. The food was ABSOLUTELY amazing! The chorizo-stuffed figs are to die for, and all of the other dishes we tried (the monkfish, the flatbread, and the skirt steak) were all excellent. The most amazing part was that three of us ate, shared a bottle of wine, and split a bill that was barely over $100. The only downside is the lack of reservations--the last time I was in town the wait was almost two hours.I had an early morning flight back to San Francisco. Here I was sitting in the airport in the night trying to think how I'd spend the night in this hellhole. Then I came up with the brilliant idea of heading out and trying a new restaurant. Avec showed up on yelp; I wasn't sure I wanted to go because it said "French" -- and I eat enough French food. Anyway, I didn't find anything else that interested me, so I decided to go.The decor: very neat, faux town hall seating. It could look a little pretentious (maybe it was the music?) but once you settle in it won't bother you.I was alone, so I dined at the bar. The guy who took my order couldn't be less attentive. Anyway, I opted for a couple of small plates: Shaved Brussels Sprouts salad; and the Chorizo-stuffed Madjool Dates with Smoked Bacon.OMGThe brussels sprouts was so simple but amazingly flavorful. And the dates? MUST HAVE.Avec is not a fantastic restaurant, but the food makes it well worth it. I'd travel to Chicago again just to eat here.I just got home from dinner with two friends at Avec. We arrived at 9:15 and didn't leave the restaurant until midnight. Why? Because we had terrible service. My friends and I are all in our early twenties, and I had a sense that the hostess was skeptical about us since the crowd was mostly 30+ business professionals. After being the last party seated, we are grateful to just be able to sit down and eat. Which takes a while since the service was slow and our waitress apparently did not hear half of our order. There was some confusion over bringing the dessert as well. On top of all of this--while the food is certainly good--it is far from stellar. Would not go back or recommend.I've been meaning to write a review for Avec for a while.This place definitely deserves all the hype it gets.  My friends and I chose this place because Avec is "where the chefs dine."  I can definitely see why.  This place is similar to Ad Hoc, where it's family style, but there is no prix fix menu.  The menu consists of "large plates" and "small plates."  The general consensus within our group was that the small plates were much more enjoyable, especially the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped with bacon.  Get here early.  We got there at 5:30 and it was empty, but when we left at 8, there was the longest line of people waiting for seats.  Order from the small plates and cheeses, you will not be disappointed.One of the best dining times I've had. Food was A+ with service to match. Super attentive service, so much I don't think I even had to ask for something once. Next time I ever make it out to IL will visit without a doubt.This is a really great spot serving deliciously flavorful, yet non-fussy food (I've dreamt about those dates since my visit!)DO NOT (bold, italicize, underline twice) come here expecting an intimate evening, as the communal tables are geared towards a more social night, where you can chat & meet new friends with other restaurant goers.We arrived on a Friday evening at 7 & there was absolutely no wait- either we got very lucky by the sounds of other reviews or 7pm is far too early for dinner!!!I was not disappointed at all here & can't wait to bring friends again.Tried Avec twice. Tried so hard to like it. The gf loves this place and comes here to relax with a nice dinner surrounded by people who love to enjoy good food. I have been working in a family run restaurant since I was 11. I have extreme amounts of patience when it comes to a lot of things that customers usually get irritated at--waiting for a table, waiter incompetence, an empty water glass, wrong orders, etc etc. What most people would complain about, I can deal with.Both times - 2 hour wait. Not a big deal. Ordered the non traditional pre dinner drink of white port bc I can't find it anywhere else in the city. Drank that while we waited. Oh, and thanks to the girl who passed the bar...she and her husband bought my lady and me another round of drinks the second time we went. Much appreciated and they were adorable. :)First time - the food was so so and the infamous dates were so spicy, I could taste nothing but fire in my mouth. Ordered a couple of salads...nothing memorable. Got the bill....what I expected for a restaurant in that area....maybe just a bad night. Waitress was friendly but managed to overtip herself by $10 when I had already left her 25%...hey, not her fault I didn't like the food but don't charge me an extra $10 for it. My fault I ordered it. The admin was great about it though and my credit card was refunded within 2 days.Second time - Autumn spiced pate...not good. Infamous dates....were ok; I wasn't that impressed. Less spicy than the first time...but a little too much even still for me. The gf said they were ok, better than last time. Ordered a white fish entree and turkey meatballs, both were hearty but not very flavorful. Meatballs were a little dry...even for turkey. Waitress again was very kind and pleasant.Saving grace? Staff is nice though a little slow; it's kind of understandable since they're always ridiculously busy. The hostess...I have to say...hats off to you for not socking the guy in the face who keeps throwing f-bombs at you bc he had to wait an extra 15 min. I'm sure that happens a lot.I would have given it another star if it wasn't so overpriced. ($125ish for 2 drinks, 4 small dishes, 20% tip.) I'll stick to my neighborhood for a nice dinner...it'll definitely be worth the money more. I know I'm in the minority, but, Avec, I'm sorry. For the sake of adoring my gf, I tried so hard to like you....but I'm never coming back again.The food: lives up to all the buzz.The communal-table ambience: I suggest a nice stiff drink or two before heading inside, as the big crowd in a Lilliputian space can be a bit breathe-into-a-paper-bag inducing.Once I sat down, the communal thing was kinda cool I guess (although the boyfriend pretty much hated it), but waiting in the nonexistent entryway (where you are within makeout distance of the hostess) is the worst part.I had the pork shoulder roast (holy shit it was amazing) and the duck confit (also finger-lickin' good), and a couple other less memorable things.The wine comes in 1/3 bottle portions for little more dough than a nice glass elsewhere, which is fun. Two and you're bound to be buzzed.Bottom line: worth a trip, but bring your patience. The food is worth the close quarters.When I want a feel good, home-cookin' meal I come here.  (Even tho my mom never cooked like this :)  The atmosphere is cozy and often times strangers end up sharing, but it's certainly not expected.  If you want the grown up version of beer and a pizza, go for the foccacia (made with truffle oil and taleggio) and Nora beer (an Italian ale served in a 25 oz bottle).  The beer alone is worth the trek for me.  Don't let the bartender try to put two glasses in front of you for sharing, go right ahead and be "that girl" and drink the whole damn thing.  Just be sure to leave when you start singing in the bottle.  Lastly, although the meat-cutter might seem to be a bit distracting, if you sit in the chef's seat and you're real nice, they might throw you a couple slices of prosciutto.  And in my book, it doesn't get much better than free meat.I love Avec.  The food here makes me one happy guy.  We got there around 8 on a weeknight and were luckily seated right away.  Good because I was freakin starving!  I was expecting to wait a bit since they don't take reservations.The communal wood seating wasn't the most comfortable, but the optional seat cushions definitely helped (they're above your head).  Well for one thing, the interior is very unique, like being in a hardwood floor cabin.  Weird yes, but I also loved the bathroom, with hardwood floors/walls and the mint soap was a nice touch.The service was excellent, but the food was even better.  All the dishes are meant to be shared, with small and large plates.  We started with the bacon wrapped dates and just wow!  Stuffed with chorizo and in a spicy tomato sauce, all the flavors just worked together so well.  Served with some hot crusty bread to sop up the sauce, we enjoyed it so much we ordered seconds.  This was a great start and I already had a smile on my face.Next came the focaccia - thin & crispy focaccia stuffed with a creamy mixture of cheese, herbs, and truffle oil.  The cheese was very rich, yet the bread was very light and crispy.  Every bite was delicious.The housemade bratwurst was another solid dish and I couldn't get enough of that pickled ramp vinaigrette with the super soft white beans.  I also enjoyed the hangar steak, which was very tender with a nice char crust and worked well with the grapefruit.We were too stuffed for any dessert, but I know I'll be back soon.  They also have a nice wine list, as well as a small but nice craft beer selection.I love you long time Avec.Mr. Kahan exceeds all expectations! First walked in and instantly loved the atmosphere - the all-wooden interior makes the place feel like an upscale boxcar, and you almost can't notice the unthinkably small kitchen behind the bar. Waiters are clad in soccer polo shirts with "avec" written on the back, which I personally found interesting. A truly sleek restaurant. The food was, for the most part, delicious - bacon-wrapped, chorizo stuffed dates may be the best bites in Chicago, the brandade was delectably fishy and creamy, and the braised pork shoulder was almost impossibly tender and juicy - like love in meat form. The signature focaccia (served Ligurian style with ricotta in between two layers of flaky crust) was a nice dish, although I'd only advocate ordering it in a group of 4 or more people, as we thought it was a little overwhelming. The octopus with chickpeas was perfectly seasoned and very unique; I found the chickpeas undercooked, but I confess that this is likely due to my hummus fanaticism. The tomatoes in the heirloom and white anchovy salad were multicolored and perfectly ripe, although some in the party thought it contained too much fennel and not enough anchovy. However, I loved it.The service is five star service, if not six star service. One member of our party was about an hour late, and while they obviously couldn't seat us before our party was complete, the hostess made an extra effort to get us seated as soon as he arrived, and the bartender (although I'm sure she was miffed in actuality) displayed no disappointment when we sat at the bar for an hour and ordered 2 drinks in total. Once seated, the waiter was informative, and attentive without being overbearing. The meal felt relaxed despite the somewhat crowded and chaotic atmosphere.Pricing was appropriate - this was very high quality food, and we certainly paid for it, but it definitely didn't break the bank. We ate more food than recommended and got out for around $35 each, (sans alcohol, including tax and tip)In summary: Avec deserves its reputation as one of Chicago's finest options. Well worth a trip!French food goes modern here, so you get the best of both world. Rich and delicate French food and small plates for family style sharing. They have a great wine list.avec: French for "with"The concept of this Paul Kahan's sophomore restaurant is pretty obvious given the translation. There's a sense of community where sharing is encouraged. The decor is stunning. I couldn't take my eyes of of the walls, ceiling, kitchen, outside, everything. It's no wonder avec was the winner of the James Beard Award for Restaurant Design AND (yes AND) Restaurant Graphics (2005). The restaurant is small, so prepare to wait during peak hours. Otherwise, go early or go really late.As mentioned, dining at avec is meant to be a shared experience. We were given the following tip: order two small dishes, one large dish, and a dessert (for two people). This doesn't seem like a lot of food, but depending on what you ordered (or if you eat like a champ), it will do the job.After some conversation with our server, we decided to order the chorizo-stuffed dates (small), crispy whitefish (small), and the roasted pork shoulder. Let's start with the dates..easily the best dates I've eaten ever. Ever. Sweet, salty, soft. The whitefish was complemented with a pistachio puree, beets and grapefruit. The beets added a subtle earthy sweet flavor, in addition to the citrus, which also had hints of sours. The pork shoulder looked like it wasn't going to fill the two of us..wound up being difficult to finish. Not because it was disastrously tasteless, but it was deceivingly large. In fact, this pork shoulder is classic comfort food. Served with beans, carrots and a salsa-ish sauce, this well-seasoned piece of Miss Piggy had to have been cooked for a long time, because she just fell apart by the touch of a fork.At the end of the day, though, dessert at avec is aight...but next door is what's up. Chef Caron works his sort of magic, but only if you're dressed appropriately.One word: delicious! Came on a Wednesday evening at 7:30 and waited roughly 20 minutes for a table. I don't mind the communal seating but be warned that it is loud in here. And there really isn't much room to wait anywhere.  My friend and I attempted to order 3 small plates and 1 large but our server informed us that we would probably be better off not ordering our third small plate as he feared that we would be too full to eat our large plate. And while I questioned it, we agreed. We started with the chorizo dates everyone raves about. Fantastic. My friend normally isn't a fan because normally dates are too sweet for her but the chorizo was a nice compliment and gave it a nice kick. Definitely dip your bread in the sauce that accompanies the dates. We also got the frog legs. Nice delicate taste and went well w/ the small greens that it was served upon. Our large plate was the pork shoulder with beef tongue. I wasn't necessarily in love with it but my friend loved it. For me it just didn't wow me and I would have gladly taken another plate of chorizo dates =) Service was fantastic and I am already trying to think of an excuse as to why I need to dine here again.So after the fire, the tragedy, and the delays, Avec has risen from the ashes.  I suppose this was a blessing in disguise, as it gave the kitchen some time to sort of re-concept, and introduce new and old dishes.It's been 2 nights since i was there, and i can't stop thinking about the pasta.  Housemade Black Pepper and Porcini Pappardelle with Braised Lamb's Neck sugo with Feta and Mint.  Thick and wide ribbons of perfect pappardelle, with specks of aggressive black pepper and porcini throughout.  In and of itself, i'm already reminded of pasta cacio e pepe.  The lamb sauce just blew it out, way out.  Rich, meaty chunks of lamb.  Some had crispy, seared edges.  Flavorful crimini.  The feta and mint asserted that lamb is Greek, and Greek is lamb.  Greek... Italian... Meditteranean.  All 4 different parties at our table that night got this dish.  Just absoutely amazing.On another note, and i probably should not write about things that i have not eaten, but...Now on the menu, there is whole roasted lobe of foie, with accoutrements.  I'm rounding up people to start the feast!Best dish of '09 alert: La Quercia Prosciutto with grapefruit, mint, cucumber, onion, and gin vinaigrette: If not the most out-and-out delicious bite of the evening, certainly the most playful dish on the menu right now: I can't tell if it's riffing on crudos, smoked salmon, or even cocktails--probably all of the above, right? The Prosciutto was silky and, yes, lox-like, and the accompaniments added sweet and herbaceous notes; I loved how the gin in the marinade was just visible, adding depth and background to the whole flavor profile. Genius and novel. Worth the $21 just to think about it the day after.As much as you want to hate this place for the waits, for the horrible backless chairs, Koren's cooking is brilliant.I had  great time at Avec. The food was simple and delicious. My absolute favorite was the chorizo-stuffed madjool dates. You have to try them! Marinated hanger steak - excellent. I loved the radicchio and orange gremolata pairing with soft and juicy streak. The wood-oven braised pork shoulder was a nice winter comfort food. It's rather heavy, therefore a great dish to share. Now imagine everything above plus some other plates from the menu, paired with great red wine and a political discussion about the benefits of saving brown mice and you have the recipe for an excellent evening.Ordered four scrummy small plates, one delectable big plate, and four boozy bottles of wine for three people (too much wine, obviously).  I ate with a real wine snob and apparently, Josh, the waiter, knows good wine.  Avec, the restaurant, also knows good food.  Really f---ing good food, let's not kid ourselves.The fact that they don't take reservations (and eat holes in my wallet) is the only thing stopping me from going back every other week night.  And then some.Like the brazen food "connoisseurs" we are, we ordered : chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with bacon & piquillo sauce; saffron marinated chicken thigh; crispy sweetbreads; flatiron steak; and braised pork shoulder with mussels, tripe, tomato and savory streusel.  The dates are insane.  Seriously.  I've made dates stuffed with camembert and wrapped in bacon before (gourmet party trick), and my dates look like a skinny, sad-eyed comparison to the voluptuous sweet and spicy roasted mess that got delivered to our table.  Everything else was really good, you know, by anyone's standards (and at any other dinner would have been a highlight).  Then came the pork shoulder--with mussels--in the most savory, finger-licking stew (or broth, or brew, or something).  Technicolor food FEST!I kept calling Josh by his first name and demanding he try our food (I may have been rather intoxicated by the time the final course arrived; hard to say).  He didn't oblige such demands, but did drink a fair bit of our wine.  Good chap, that one.The dessert--well, to be frank, I'm sure it was good, but memory gets a little hazy at that point.I do recommend the restaurant.  I've tried Blackbird and Sepia (same owners) and love them too.  Sepia, in particular, has ridiculously good cocktails, and some of the best front of house I've ever been party to.  But Avec has the best food, hands down.  I just hope they eventually start offering reservations, so I don't have to freeze my ass off for an hour the next time I want good cookin'.Yum yum and more yum!! We got there around 7:30 on a Saturday, and the hostess took our name and number and told us it'd be about 30 minutes.  No problem, so we went had had a drink at Mejji.  We had just finished our glass of wine, when she called us.  I wasn't sure how I felt about communal seating, but we lucked out with a really nice foursome, including a guy who knew a chef.  We had a great waitress who had previously worked at Bin 36 so she was extremely knowledgeable in helping us choose a wine pairing with our cheese tray.  We had a Sav Blanc/Chard blend with 3 goat cheeses. I always enjoy giving a waitress/waiter a little guidance like 'We don't want anything stinky' and they provide us exactly what we want!We had the Crostini, Bacon/Chorizo Dates, Flank Steak, and the Cherry Polenta for dessert.  I cannot say anything, that once again, has not been said before.  All were excellent choices.  The Chorizo dates were a little spicy for my taste, but nonetheless, amazing.Ambiance get's a 2 big thumbs up. They were playing  Cut Copy, !!!, The Decemberists, and even a little Wilco.   They also participated in Earth Hour so for a while the whole place was lit up by candles and outside street lights which just added the overall effect of awesomeness.Great place for small groups of less than 6, and the hostess and entire staff did a great job of making this a truly great dining experience! Can't wait to go back!Wow. 5-star food at a 3-$ price.  It doesn't get much better than this in Chicago without giving up your first born and your right index finger.  Avec is tapas style french cuisine broken out into small plates and large plates.  Small plates range from $10 - $18 and large plates are $15-$25.  As a starting point, I suggest 2 small and 1 large plate per person.  Now on the good stuff..the food.Food was phenomenal.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say every single thing on the menu is "to die for".  Some of the highlights of our meal:Dinner:1. Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce 2. Focaccia with Taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs3. Housemade buckwheat gnocchi with oxtail, cippolinis, kumquats and criminis 4. Roasted lima bean puree crostini with fried orange slices, mahon and rosemary vinaigrette Dessert:1. Ricotta cheesecake topped with blueberries2. Chocolate cake topped with cinnamon ice creamNow if those descriptions don't get your mouth watering nothing will. Seriously. You may have a problem.I'm still thinking about this meal a day later.  It's that good.Tip: Be prepared to wait 1.5 - 2 hours if you go during the weekend at peak dinner time.AMAZING!!! We loved the food!!!!! The atmosphere is so European and friendly. If you haven't been there....GO! Only downside is that the waitress was not as active. She just took the order and never came back to check on us, but the busboy was running around and making sure that we have everything we need...Overall atmosphere and great food will for sure bring us back here again!The concierge at the James Hotel strongly recommended Avec  (we'd asked about Girl And The Goat and were told that reservations were 3 months out). Avec came up, and he raved about it. So we went early on a Sunday to check it out.We tried  several of the dishes prior reviewers had highlighted. Here's my take on each:- Chorizo-stuffed dates: Lots of flavor, but pretty heavy. Would be nice if they could lighten-up the chorizo filling which was dense. The bacon wrap was undercooked, and therefore fatty.- Burrata cheese: A nice smooth disk of burrata, topped with some colorful grape tomatoes and what seemed to be a light olive oil vinagrette. I've had this before and while good, really didn't stand out.- Grilled squid: The most disappointing of our dishes. A concoction of very small pieces of squid and fideo swimming in a pretty pedestrian tomato sauce (tasted like marinara out of the jar).The special antipasti, consisting of kale, thinly sliced fennel, and cauliflower in a vinagrette was good....maybe the most enjoyable thing we had.Service was attentive, but felt a bit rushed. They had asked us to order everything at the start so that they could properly "course" the meal. This makes sense until some of the courses started piling up....also difficult to gauge how much food we were actually ordering.So overall I'd say the food was OK but overrated. Also think that this is a place that works better for a larger parties, where everyone can sample a little of everything. It did not work as well for 2.It's with equal parts pride and shame that I can say that the manager (Liz) knows us by name.  At this point, I have tried most of the menu.  The large plates and bruschettas change with seasonal ingredients, but the staples and stars of Avec's menu are the "'deluxe' foccacia with taleggio cheese, truffles, ricotta, truffle oil, and herbs," and the "chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce."Drooling yet?  Me too.My friend took a bite of the foccacia and literally screamed with delight.  That is the appropriate response I now expect from everyone who tries this for the first time.  If you just want to wrap up the night with some tasty snacks, I'd suggest ordering some wine, the foccacia, and the chorizo-stuffed dates.  If you're going for dinner, then also order a seasonal salad, bruschetta, and the pork shoulder.The atmosphere is pleasantly relaxed despite the upscale food.  It's also a fun place to eavesdrop or be eavesdropped on since everyone is seated at a table that is nearly continuous from end-to-end of the restaurant.  But rubbing elbows with strangers doesn't bother me when my mouth is full of delicious.Wonderful restaurant! Food: The food was all delicious. I've been twice and both times the chef made identically perfect pork shoulder stew and dates with bacon/meatballs (a must have). The cheeses we selected for a plate delivered on their description. The sausages left a bit to be desired given a lack of seasoning, but the food here is killer all around.Service: For a constantly busy restaurant the staff does a nice job of serving drinks to those waiting (no reservations), although this could be a bit more consistent. The waiters seem to be a little stretched, but the bus boys make up for this. Decor:  What a cool space! I'd come here just for the beautiful architecture. Wall-to-wall-to floor wood. A very Scandinavian look executed perfectly.Ummm.. Avec totally missed the mark for me.  I ordered everything that was suggested to me by friends (pork shoulder, chorizo bacon dates, brandade) and more (focaccia, saffron chicken), and sadly the only dishes I remotely liked were mostly bread (brandade & focaccia).The focaccia was like a round panini with taleggio cheese in between (mildly bitter).  It was decent but not worth $14.  The brandade is a creamy dip that sounds boring but was probably my favorite item.  The pork shoulder was stewed well and was a light dish considering it was pork.  The rest of the dish didn't impress, though.  The dates would have been great had it not come sitting on top some sauce that resembled ketchup, which made the dish have way too many dimensions: salty bacon, sweet dates, spicy chorizo, then tangy ketchup??  And lastly, the saffron chicken - the most disliked at our table.  The chicken itself was dry and smoky, and the vinaigrette just overpowered the rest of the dish that I only picked out the chicken to eat.Came in at 6:30 on a weeknight, and it was already full.  Was with a party of 3 and didn't get seated until past 7 PM.  Tables and plates are meant for sharing, so if you're claustrophobic or anti-social, request to be seated at the bar.Lastly, there was one of those tiny outside spiders crawling on my plate as soon as I got it.  I killed it with my cloth napkin, notified our waitress and asked her for a new plate setting.  She just smiled like a robot and said, "OK."  At least look concerned, hello???So I thought this place was supposed to be the cheapest of the trio of Paul Kahan restaurants.  How did we spend $30/pp then?  Haven't been to blackbird, but Publican is way better than Avec for the same money spent.Eating here with a vegetarian was a bit of a challenge, but we found enough options for everyone to have their delicious fill. Lima bean crostini with fried oranges was the favorite dish of our table!Tasty food aside, the place was unfortunately noisy.  We had to talk to each other in our "bar" voices, not "dinner at a nice restaurant" voices.  Otherwise an enjoyable experience.I must say that as pretentious I thought this place would be (it's not thattttt pretentious....just filled with people who are), it was pretty DAMN good. Alls I gots to say is get the fricken dates wrapped in bacon. It was really salty but SO DAMN GOOD. It has a kick to it. The dates sit on top of a red spicy sauce and comes with a piece of poofy bread. Bread tastes amazing when dipped in special sauce. We also got the chicken over bread thing (forgot the name). It looked like it was going to be dry but it wasnt dry at all. Almost reminded me of duck...maybe cause of the froi gras.Lastly, we ordered the pork shoulder which was the most expensive ($20) but most disappointing dish out of the three. It came in a little pot accompanied with potatoes and i think butternut squash. The pork shoulder tastes exactly like my mom's pork that she uses in soup just for the flavor. It's like the meat in chinese soup that no one eats cause all the flavor is sucked out of it and the meat texture is just bleh. I give Avec a 4 for the dates! Definitely worth trying!I came here early on Friday afternoon when they opened and sat at the bar. I ordered the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon in the piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. AMAZING! I also ordered the pork shoulder. I thought the pork shoulder didn't live up to the hype that I'm seeing on Yelp. Was kind of disappointed actually. It was good, but not great. I would definitely come back just for the dates again.Full review blogged, dish highlights below:For the first dish of the evening we would receive "Chorizo stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon, piquillo pepper tomato sauce, bread" - a dish that not only wrapped perfectly sweet dates with bacon like many tapas restaurants, but also stuffed them with a substantial portion of smoky chorizo.  Simple, rustic, and with four to the bowl plus a chunk of warm bread to sop up the smoky sauce I enjoyed this dish just as much as I expected to and even our group member who doesn't really fancy dates noted that he too found it quite good.For the second dish, "Warm hen of the woods and shiitake mushroom salad with apple, red quinoa, dill, parmesan, sherry vinaigrette" was pretty much exactly what you would expect and the sweet meets earthy admixture was nicely accented by the sharp points of the parmesan and the acid of the vinaigrette.  Always a fan of quinoa I particularly liked how the toothsome grain not only managed to balance everything out, but also how it absorbed a small bit of each flavor making for a wonderful taste even as we reached the bottom of the bowl.The third item arrived on a huge wooden board in the form of "Deluxe focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil, fresh herbs" and although I enjoyed everything at Avec that evening this was by far and away my favorite.  Taking a different route to the spongy focaccia and serving it essentially as two individual flat breads sandwiching a medium-thick spread of the cheesy blend plus low notes of basil and parsley and heady top notes of truffle I immediately understood why Joshua had suggested we may have ordered too much; this was a whole lot of cheese and bread and we still had four plates to go, but working diligently the plate did eventually disappear - every single bite worth it.Slowly enjoying the focaccia the next two items were certainly not something I would have ordered on my own but much like everything else Avec did that evening there was a beautiful balance to the simplicity of each and although I would not order either again I did enjoy what I ate from each, the first "Roasted Brussels sprouts with calf's liver, pumpernickel, butternut squash, almonds, mustard vinaigrette" which featured the taste of caramelized sprouts in spades but used the sweetness of the squash and the bitters of the pumpernickel to help tame it a bit.  With the liver providing a slightly gritty proteinacious component and the almonds a bit of crunch I was additionally happy that the mustard tones were relegated to a small supporting role, though in later bites towards the bottom of the bowl would prove a bit much for me.At this point admittedly comfortably sated but certainly not full the next two plates to arrive would prove Joshua to be quite right in his assessment of our order, the biggest capacity consumer being "Whipped Brandade with garlic bread and chives."  Seemingly harmless in terms of portion but certainly not in terms of richness this take on the Provencal classic brandade de morue was simply astonishing in its careful balance of the salted cod, potatoes, whipped milk, garlic, and what I can only imagine to be an aged cheese plus olive oil.  Creamy and smooth as silk but easily a cup and half in portion and served with crispy garlic bread this was another course where I did a lot of the leg (stomach) work and although more than capable of holding my own at a dinner table this was simply a whole lot of dairy in a rather short time.For our final savory, the main course of the night would be "Wood roasted pork shoulder with chestnut braised cabbage, parsnips, roasted apple, fresh herbs in puff pastry" - a flavor profile no less transporting than the flavors at Next the night before as "Pork Steak and Potatoes" was one of my grandfather's favorite dishes to cook when he was alive.  Arriving in a large Staub pot and sizzling hot from the oven with golden pastry atop and at least half a pound of tender pork beneath the flavors in this dish were all spot on and entirely rustic without being heavy handed or clumsy in the least - a truly impressive dish and all the more so for the unique flavor of chestnuts infusing the broth and acting to foil the flavors of the cabbage.Not ready to admit defeat but certainly not in the position to consume more cheese my dining partners and I weighed the dessert options carefully and eventually settled on sharing one of the "White chocolate panna cotta with maple figs and walnut shortbread" three ways to see if sweets matched the savories in quality.  Generally not one to be "wowed" by panna cotta I will note that although small in size this particular dish did pack a lot of flavor into each bite and through such light use of chocolate the flavors each came through with aplomb, particularly the maple notes atop the sweetness of the figs.  While I personally prefer my desserts with a bit more texture this was a nice "light" finish to an otherwise heavy meal.For me, the restaurant is over-rated. The food was ok but didn't leave up to the hype. Almost every table i saw ordered chorizo dates and pork shoulder! We went in a big group. So, i had a chance to try lots of dishes. flatbread: mushroom + spinach + goat cheese: ok, a little bit on salty side. fresh ingredients though orecchiette with braised duck: olives dominates the whole dish. -i won't recommend it-pork shoulder: big portion and it was great. best dish of the night for mebaba ghanoush crostini: again on a salty side. it was ok but i wouldn't order it again wood-fired squid with san marzano tomatoes: don't recommend. i feel like eating marinara sauce by itself with squid in it roasted trout: fresh fish... nothing else worth commenting about the dish chorizo with dates: chorizos made me too dense + heavy. it comes in a big meatball size. the price was reasonable but i won't go back there again. the food is just ok for meSimply put: Avec lives up to the hype. I had heard all the wonderful things about Avec ("Get the dates!  You MUST get the dates!!!!) but I did not have the opportunity to personally partake until this past Thursday night.  The fiancee heard some good news on the work front so we decided to heard to Avec to celebrate.   When we arrived at around 6:30 PM, we found out (much to our pleasant surprise) that there would be no wait.  What?  No wait on a Thursday night at Avec?  Sweetness.  Right then I knew the stars were aligned for us tonight so we were undoubted going to have a most excellent meal.The meal itself was terrific.  Service was friendly and pleasant and we lucked out in sitting next to a family visiting from Dallas.  (On a side note: how many tourists do you know go eat at Avec?  Color me impressed.)  But to be honest, it was the food that won us over.  Our feast for the evening:* Salumi Assortment - Three slices of four different salumi's.  I don't recall exactly what we got but it was excellent, especially with the awesome Avec bread.  * Turkey and Guanciale Meatballs - If you haven't heard of guanciale before, it's basically pork cheek.  And as we all know, any sort of cheek (beef, cod, etc) is bound to be tasty.  These meatballs were no exception to the rule, as they were absolutely juicy and flavorful.* Chorizo-Stuffed Dates - Ah, the infamous dates.  The first thing I noticed was how ginormous they were.  By my guess, one date was the equivalent of a child's fist, which sounds small until you try to put one in your mouth.  Ok, that sounded slightly disturbing but you catch my drift.  Anyway, the dates were as good as advertised.  Stuffed with chorizo AND wrapped with bacon -- come on.  How can you go wrong?* Braised Pork Shoulder w/Clams and Tripe - Believe it or not, I actually liked this dish better than the dates.  Perhaps it's because I'm a sucker for anything braised.  Seriously, braise any type of meat and I'll happily eat it (same goes for deep frying).  While the shoulder was moist and tender as expected, the real surprise was the tripe.  I like tripe at dim sum and in pho but that's about it.  However, the tripe that came with this dish was wonderfully prepared and absolutely delicious.In conclusion: Avec is as good as people say it is.  For reals.  Hands down one of the best restaurants in Chicago.  So go already.I don't have one bad thing to say about Avec.  Not a damn thing.  The staff was unbelievably cool, the atmosphere was chill, & the food?  Oh man, the food was beyond delicious.I ate the roasted sunchoke crostini with shaved Brussels sprouts, radishes and truffle vinaigrette to start.  It was a nice mix of flavors ... a good start.  Then we moved onto the "Deluxe" focaccia with Taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs.Ok ... heh ... I ... uh ... wow ... yeah ... wow.I didn't even have the first bite of focaccia in my mouth when I knew that if I died right then & there, I would die a very happy woman.  It is just beyond outstanding.(then again, i'm a total sucker for truffle anything)Every last moment of this first date was impressive.  I can't thank the people of Avec enough.Muchly recommended & will most definitely be back.Dear Avec,I missed you. I will never leave you again.DavidXOXOXOXOXOXThis is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  It is small, and there is usually a wait to get a seat, but the food and ambiance are great.  It is communal, elbow to elbow seating so don't go for the privacy, but the wait staff is excellent, as is the limited selection menu.Avec was originally supposed to be a wine bar with some food selections, but they just made the fod too darned good.  It still sports a good wine list, and the staff is very helpful.Went here while visiting a few friends. First of all, the place is a wee bit tiny so if you're going with a big group (and a reservation), it might still be a tight squeeze. In any case, the decor is really nice and modern as are the place settings. We ordered a few espressos and cognac (a pairing I had never tried) which was pretty interesting although the espresso was slightly burnt so that was a little disappointing. In any case, we moved onto our appetizers and although I can't really recall what we had, I do recall the portions being small and the taste being subpar. What I do remember is my poor vegetarian friends waiting 45 minutes just to get a plate of pasta. When we asked the manager why it was taking so long, she responded "I will send it out when I feel like it" YIKES. I definitely wasn't expecting that. Bottomline: Avec is super modern with its decor but its service and food are stuck in the Middle Ages.Donnie Madia and Ricky Cooper. Hot food, close quarters, beautiful music.Swoon.THE FOOD: I hate to join the bandwagon, but unless you are a vegetarian (or don't like meat), you must order the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. This $9 dish comes with 4 large chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon and a loaf of bread on the side. It's definitely worth the price and filled me up! I also ordered the tuna tartare, which was mediocre, especially compared to the chorizo dish.Unfortunately, I was not able to try out any of the wine. To avoid waiting, we arrived promptly at 3:30 PM (when they opened) and, being an out-of-towner, had a lot of places to see afterwards. Not to mention, I went in July, when it was scorching hot!THE ATMOSPHERE / SERVICE:I'm upset that I forgot the woman who served us, but she welcomed us so warmly and was very attentive, even when the place was getting pretty packed. Furthermore, all of the chefs were professional and very meticulous on their food.Although my friend is not a fan of the whole "green movement," I loved the decor, the clean environmental feeling and even took a picture with the wine bottle wall.All in all, I have to owe a big thanks to my friends who recommended this place to me. Is it bad to say that this place was one of the highlights of my stay in Chicago?During a recent trip to Chicago my boyfriend and I stumbled upon this gem of a place. Little did we realize that we happened to hit it just as they opened (right about 4pm) and made it in with no reservation and no waiting, which I hear is very unusual. Before we were done and gone there was a long line out the door with a good number of people waiting on the porch area. I must say that this place is an overall experience. You get wonderful food, plated in the perfect order by the knowledgeable staff, wonderful wine and liquor selection with talented bartenders, and an unusual social atmosphere in a well designed space. The first thing that struck us (having no clue other than a few reviews what we were getting in for) was the setup of the seating area. You are sat at a table that seats about 10 people, and you are sat with complete strangers! At first this was incredibly intimidating to a typical American with personal space issues, but after a glass of wine it turned out to be an amazing experience. The couple next to us were regulars and shared insight on the menu, wine, and the restaurant in general. They were so much fun to talk to! I was happy in the end about the unusual setup. It made great food and drink even better and more memorable. If Chicago didn't have so many great places to eat I would want to come here every time I visit! The food...oh the food. We have a wonderful selection of tapas. Every morsel was well cooked, and tasty. About 4 plates was perfect for the two of us and left room for wine and drinks. I'm not sure I was a huge fan of the spicy date dish, but it wasn't bad either. Just compared to the other great things it was so-so. The couple next to us had the whole fish, which they said was a different fish cooked in a different style every time they came. they said it was always good and it looked wonderful. They also have a nice cheese and olive selection if you are just looking for something to accompany conversation and drinks. I had a great experience here. The staff was great and knowledgeable, the food and drink was amazing, and the social atmosphere was incredible and led to a wonderful night and memory. Highly recommended! Don't be afraid of the seating arrangement. It really turns out great since everyone is there for the same thing!Food was absolutely superb here!  The wait is interminable (no reservations), but it's worth it.  Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo - Surprisingly quite large.  Comes with 4.The English pea crostini - my personal favorite of the evening.  Really fresh mashed peas.  Also included greens and parmesan flakesGnocchi - Larger than normal and square-shaped.  I'm not always the biggest fan of gnocchi because I usually find it too heavy, but this place makes gnocchi with a good level of consistency.  The pesto sauce wasn't too overwhelming and definitely complemented the gnocchi very wellMy only beef with this restaurant is that the bar service was a bit too rushed.  We asked for recommendations for wine, and the waiter gave us a recommendation with no explanation.  Plus, if you don't know much about wine, it's nearly impossible to pick a wine on your own, as the menu only says the region and name for the wine (no description about cab, chardonnay, etc.)*shaved brussel sprout salad with fennel, parmesan, dill and brown butter-orange vinaigrette*marinated hanger steak with grapefruit, escarole, balsamic and basil mustard*chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce*wood fired flatbread with rapini, grilled onions, mozzarella and egg*roasted half chicken with confit fingerlings, ras al hanout, sliced almonds, mustard greens and cerignola olives*chocolate crepes with mascarpone and housemade 'nutella'650+ reviews. what else could I add that hasn't already been said?here goes my 2 cents.2005 Beard award for design was rightfully given.light wood panels draw your vision down a focal linear pathending in a wall of partially illuminated green wine bottles.stainless steel bar on the left with wooden high chairs.communal tables on the right with little wooden chairs.everything has a sense of symmetry and order,polished and accentuated by man-made elements. chorizo bacon dates are a given favorite.brussel sprouts are tangy&citrusy like summer.hanger steak was TENDER.flatbread twisted it up by infusing egg yolk as sauce. ingenious.roasted chicken was tender, bit on the salty side.chocolate crepes tasted just like ferrero rocher.small groups are ideal with the no reservations policy.besides, with the communal setupthe chance of starting conversationwith your neighboring party is highly likely.mindful and observant service,respectful given the really tight space to maneuver through.plates are served in a free flow fashion"organized chaos" as J describes it.Avec, how I adore your chorizo stuffed dates! It was the first dish served and it was love at first sight. However, your other dishes did not follow suit.CHORIZO STUFFED MEDJOOL DATESA masterful melding of savory sweet spiciness! Came with a side of bread, upon which my dining companion and I tried sopping up every bit of the sauce.FOCACCIADespite all of the rave reviews, I thought it was a little bland. Perhaps it was the fact that we previously had the dates, which completely overpowered the subtleties of the talleggio and truffle oil.SQUIDVery salty with powerful punches of tomato. For someone uncomfortable with squid, this may have been the dish, since the squid was covertly hidden along with the fideo, I couldn't quite appreciate it without feeling overwhelmed.CRISPY DUCKThe only crispy part was probably the squash and mustard greens. Very simple and refreshing. Although I'd wished that the duck was emphasized more within the dish. The meal felt like a rollercoaster between high intensity flavors to the mute and subtle. As many have noted, the seating is a bit awkward. Fortunately or unfortunately, we were seated at the end. I don't mind community seating, but it takes away from the experience when I have to get up every so often when someone wants to get in or out. I would come back, but only for the medjool dates.Avec has been my white whale for the past 8 years. Every time I found my way to Randolph the place was either closed or there was too long a wait. Other times my dinner plans fell through. Well I finally conquered Mt. Everest last night, partly because I work right down the damn street. I now realize it was God sparing me the calamity.Despite and possibly as a result of the immense build-up of self-implicated hype, words cannot explain how disappointed I was in Avec. We started out with the bacon wrapped dates, which I thought were great but it went downhill from there. We also ordered the hangar steak, which took FOREVER to come out. When it finally arrived I fathom that maybe they thought we ordered steak carpaccio, as it looked like they tried to cook it with a flashlight. It was completely raw, and a horrible cut with gristle running throughout which was amplified by its rawness. Highly disappointed.We order the "deluxe" focaccia as the other two dished didn't do much for us. I'm surprised Yelpers actually like this stuff. I was expecting something flavorful and this dish was absolutely monotone. I mean it tasted like I was eating plaster. Liquid caulk sandwiched between two slices of cardboard. I didn't taste any herbs, or salt, or cheese. It tasted like nothing. Nothing at all. I'm wondering if they forgot the other ingredients.I wanted to give the place 3 stars just because I've grown a bias in my mind for wanting to like it so much. But as I wrote out my review, it started to hit me just how bad this experience was. The service was awful, the food flavorless, and the bill high. I'm going to try this place again(probably will take another 8 years), and I hope to have a better experience. But for now I expected better.Everything was good but not amazing, which was what they charged for their dishes. Focaccia bread with truffle old was delish tho. 5/5. Service was mediocre. Medjool dates with sausage dates wrapped w bacon was 4/5. Pork shoulder was 2/5 for the price. Steak was 2/5 for the price. Small place and long wait. MehhhI took my friend to the Avec this week. One of the waiters was very friendly but the other waiter at the bar was quite rude. When we asked for his suggestion, he just ran through the options with a poker face. As soon as we ordered our drinks and small plates, he snatched our menus away. He just didn't want us to order anything anymore. He came back after 5 mins told us they ran out of the drink my friend wanted in an unfriendly tone. I wanted to leave there and then but stayed for my friend. The food was really good, fresh and delicious. The oyster mushrooms and whipped brandade with garlic bread were terrific. At least the food and ambiance was nice, but very uncomfortable experience with the waiter.I used to love this place, but there has been a change. Their customer service and food isn't as detailed. I know there was a change in the chef recently, so that may be the reason. I saw the bacon wrapped dates sitting out on the counter, next to the fire, which leaves these at risk for giving people good poisoning. I won't be going back for a while.Easily the best restaurant during our spring break. We did have to wait a bit even though it was still early. But having some wine outside during sundown made it the wait the much easier to take.Loved the modern wood interior of this place. And there were a lot of pretty people out and about that nigh.We had the following:chorizo-stuffed datesoven roasted white fishmarinated hangar steak with market plumsThe fish was our favorite, while the chorizo dates were a little bit too hot for us even though we both like spicy foods. The steak was very good as well.Great food, ambience, and people watching will definitely make me come back to Avec when I'm back in town.It's as good as everyone says it is. Maybe better. I was in town visiting a friend and we went here for a late dinner and drinks. The waitstaff was ridiculously friendly and so informative. Loved chatting with our waitress about bones. :) The chorizo-stuffed dates are insane. The foccacia flatbread is ridiculous. And the hanger steak was out of this world. Don't even get me started on the homemade nutella crepe. Go here. And then go again.I'm going to go against the grain and give Avec a mediocre review.Don't get me wrong, the food is quite good. And it's not really as expensive as I was led to believe. For a party of three, with one bottle of wine, six small dishes, and one desert, it was $140 after tip. Obviously that is not dirt cheap but it's also not crazy high, given the quality of the food.My complaints come from the seating. I am not opposed to the "group dining" atmosphere, where you sit at large tables and are practically in direct contact with your neighbors (even if they are strangers). My main problem comes with the seating itself. The seats along the wall are very uncomfortable. You sit on a wood bench and the backrest is straight up-and-down wood. I know this looks neat and is trendy nowadays, but unfortunately that doesn't make it any more comfortable. And for the people sitting opposite the wall, they get to sit on an uncomfortable wood block with no backrest whatsoever. I am someone who has some back problems, so neither of these seating options is acceptable for me. Also, the legroom is nonexistent, so that leads to more discomfort. Finally, as other reviews have mentioned, it is very loud and crowded inside the restaurant. At one point, one of my companions said "Just to clarify, we all are incredibly uncomfortable right now, right?" After we asked him "WHAT????" about three times since we couldn't hear him initially, we all agreed that we were uncomfortable - even the people without the back problems.When it's all said and done, I would recommend the food from Avec, and the service is good too. but I would say that if uncomfortable seating bothers you, stay away.Amazing restaurant.  Constantly changing menu.  They keep most of the favorites on there though.  One of my favorite restaurants in Chicago and it's on the Michelin list for a reason!  Cool communal vibe.  Definitely have to get there before 6pm otherwise you will be waiting - many times an hour or more.Whoah! This place was bumpin' for a Wednesday night. First impressions: love the interior, hip, sleek, simple and sexy.  They definitely put thought into every aspect of the decor and maximize their space.. We sat a community table (German style) my only complaint that I had to ask the person next to me to get up to let me out in order to make a trip to the restrooms (like an airplane).  It was a little awkward.The food however was delicious!The Salad and Tuna tartar were amazing.The watermelon salad - not so good. It had these really salty chunks of codfish that just tasted gross.We drank some beer and wine too and the bill wasn't absurdly high either.The service wasn't the most attentive, but they knew their shit and got the job done. I'll give em a break because, like i said, it was bumpin for a Wednesday night.One of my top three restaurants in Chicago, if not my very top.  This is a place I reserve for discerning out-of-town foodies and special friends.The food is just phenomenal; you really can't order anything bad (although I always make it a point to order the signature chorizo-stuff dates).  And to top things off, the prices are unbelievable!  I actually saw the couple next to me on my most recent trip stare at their bill in disbelief, and then laugh out loud hysterically.  Although some may be put off by the fact that Avec doesn't take reservations and features a cafeteria style seating, I think it actually adds to the charm of this place.  You just have to make sure to arrive *before* you start to get hungry, because you may be waiting upwards of 45 minutes (totally worth it, IMHO).  If it's a nice summer day, you get to hang outside in what I would describe as a very 'artsy' patio scene -- or you could go grab a drink in one of the restaurants adjacent. The service is absolutely top-notch.  I actually befriended one of the waiters there (Josh) who is super nice every time I go and always rolls out the red carpet.There is definitely a bit of a singles scene on some nights, and a lot of out-of-towners/tourists who are there to see what the fuss is about.  The unique cafeteria style, which some may find cramped, actually makes for some interesting shared conversation.  You'll find yourself accidentally eavesdropping on some interesting chats, and you'll catch others talking about things that had just cropped up in your conversation (no coincidence!).Avec was selected as the restaurant that most top chefs visiting Chicago want to check out, and I can totally see why.A gem in this city. Great food, atmosphere, and wine list!Must try:1) chorizo-stuffed medjool dates (FANTASTIC)2) wood-oven roasted pork shoulder (this was absolutely amazing. the flavor was unreal)3) marinated chicken thigh with bomba rice (most tender and flavorful chicken I think I've ever had)Didn't like the lamb with hand cut pasta. it was salty and the cheese they put on the dish was over powering. Overall FABULOUS restaurant, and will be eating here again the next time I'm in town!Communcal dining done pretty well in the Warehouse District. A sleek, modern decor that makes the most out of a small space. Reminded me of a much brighter, livelier Le Lan in terms of space and appearance. But who cares, I came to eat.Excellent, rotating menu with averages to smallish portions on par with other Chicago trendy or fine dining establishments. Have yet to hit the cocktail menu, but was satusfied with the choices on the wine list. Certainly will slam you in the wallet, but still enjoyable overall.Also, do NOT miss the neighbor next door, Blackbird... take a look inside.I ate at Avec with co-workers two nights ago. The food was great, and not what I am accustomed to in Boston. I mean the variety was great, and the waitress's knowledge of the menu, the wine list and food pairings was phenomenal. I was a bit disappointed with the portion size as well as the crampt interior. We had to wait a while to eat and were squished by the door. There was even some confusion about our table.Overall the experience was good. I will probably go back agian.Eaten here a few times, so I guess it means I like this place..Yes, it looks like a sauna, yes it sucks if you're stuck in the middle of the bench side of the long table and have to pee, yes, it can get kinda loud, yes, its a tad overpriced, yes, they don't really have many vegetarian options... yes, I kinda get annoyed by their attempt to trick me by dividing their menu into "small plates" and "large plates" when really they're all small platesNo, I don't give a crap about the fancy soap products in the bathroom..Last Meal there really quickly.. 1) cauliflower and garlic crostini - wow, really good must try!2) chorizo-stuffed madjool dates - staple here, I think its good not fantastic3) cider-braised beef shortrib - really not good, fatty and salty4) focaccia - another staple here, i love it because of the truffle oil but essentially its flatbread and cheese ::shrugs::5) wood oven-roasted pork shoulder - GET THIS.  tender, sweet smoky, tangy braised pork...  I wish the shortribs tasted like this...  I wish my crappy coffee at the end tasted like this..  I wish that annoying lemon soap in the bathroom smelled like this instead..6) Request for a vegetarian pasta - which tasted ok i guess, very unmemorable7) Coffee was terrible :-(I remember having some either stale, or just not good tasting wines by the glass in the past, so if you can spring for a whole bottle I'd go for that insteadBTW.. this fed four grown adults and one over-grown kid (me) Bottom line.. In the battle of the brown-toned restaurants, I would pick Avec over Sepia in a heartbeatNote, before you look as stupid as several in my party did, the door is unmarked and in the breezway to the left of the restaurant as you face it from the street.  Push and you are allowed enterance to a culinary bastion battling the deep dish pizza slingers and chain restaurants just a few blocks East.This is a cool hipster place, even if the crowd is occasionally 50+.  These folks were cool before you were born, show some respect!I've been in the wine business for 10+ years.  It always a huge pleasure to visit a place where the wine list is both challengingly intellectual and visceraly satisfying.  I mean who knew they made sparkling wine in Bairrada in Portugal or that Hondurribi Zuri (Beltza?) makes a delisicously crisp red from Basque country in Norhtern Spain.  [ok, I knew the later, but ir is always good to be reminded]The brandade is to die for, just don't think about the level of butter involved.The flat bread/pizza with blue cheese was awesome and I often dislike blue cheese.One miss was the chocolate dessertm but the staff was accomodating for corked wine, food alergies, friendly, outgoing and food knowledgable.  I highly reccomend eating at the bar.  Meet you neighbors, eye the cooks, talk up the staff.  Eat, Drink, be Merry etcetera.I was beyond excited to have finally gotten to eat here and I was not disappointed.  Starting with the super friendly and knowledgable wait staff and the great communal and modern setting, I instantly became friends with my table mates as I ate these divine tapas dishes.I devoured the excellent pork shoulder with black rice, roasted baby carrots and basil pistou.  I *LOVE* pork like there is no tomorrow and I would dare say this is the best piece of pork I have ever had.  That basil sauce dipped in the pork jus was the best thing I have had all year and maybe even this decade.  My affection for this dish cannot be over emphasized.Now that I got that out of the way, our meal started with a delicious Brussels sprouts salad, which was delightful and refreshing.  I love that the Brussels sprouts were shredded and came with a rightly-balanced balsamic dressing that brought out the flavors of the Brussels sprouts.  I was told that I had to have the dates covered in bacon (and you already know about my love for pork).  The spicy sauce was a bit overwhelming for me (but I don't like spicy), but the dish was definitely a must-try.I was too full to appreciate the chocolate crepe with homemade nutella, but it was pretty tasty.  It has been over a week now since this meal and I am actually writing this review from Cote d'Azur in France, but I still dream of this pork shoulder.  I would give this place 6 stars and I don't do that lightly.Every time i visit chicago i have to go to Avec. I  always order the dates. The food is served family stile. I like this because everythign on the menu is so good you get to try a lot of different things while you are there. The atsmosphere is quite nice. The seeting is communal so its not talking to those around you about what they are ordering/eating. Yes they don't take reservations, but it is well worth the wait. I always drop in. Put my name in and then walk down to Half Acre for a pint and then come back and my table is ready.This is a great restaurant to go to in the summertime when you can comfortably wait outside with a glass of wine. They don't take reservations, and you should be prepared for an hour or two wait on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night. The staff seemed really friendly both times we went there. My fiance and I have been twice, and we were pleased with the meal both times. The portions are small (even large plates), but the prices are very reasonable. We hope to come back again next summer!Just a heads up that it is not  a good idea to try to go to this restaurant with more than 2 other people given how small and popular it is and that they don't take reservations. You should also feel comfortable with communal tables, because there is a good chance you could end up sitting next to people you don't know.Went here the other night with friends. The "eh" factors first: much has been made of the sauna appearance, but I was more put off by the seating - big hollow wooden blocks. Mine was tippy, and we were at the bar, so it wasn't terribly comfortable. The prices are pervasive, but it's apparent the quality of the ingredients dictate this. It's essentially a wooden shoebox and the decor is minimal, if qualifying as existent. But you know...I didn't come for pretty pictures, so it didn't much matter.That aside, we were handled by Clarence, who knows his stuff without appearing terribly sniffy. I enjoyed his wine descriptions and he chose some very good cheeses for us. We started with a bottle of Cerasuolo di Vittoria (2004), which was the perfect accompaniment to our food. Our first plate was the chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates and that was my favorite. Sometimes stronger flavors compete in a bad way, but this REALLY worked. Next we got the focaccia with taleggio cheese, which I thought was bland; the cheese was too mild for my taste. Next was the brisket with fingerling potatoes, which was so, so tender - no knife needed. VERY tasty. We finished the evening with a cheese plate, but I'm not sure which one. It was all very tasty, and I liked the marinated grapes as well as the apricot and cranberry chutney served alongside. For some reason, their quince paste (of all things) was DIVINE. It was mellow and honeyed and it reminded me of when I was little, living in Iowa and playing outside in a huge park just after sunset - the smell of the clover, the wildflowers...I could close my eyes and I was very nearly 5 again. And then I opened them, killed off the bottle and hailed a cab outside.I seriously think I felt a tear coming as I ate my last bit of red pepper and tomato-braised cod because I did not want the moment to end. In my mind...Avec is my 100% perfect restaurant.Not worth the wait. We got there around 6:30 on a Saturday night and we were told 45 minutes. It actually took around 1:20 to get seated at the bar. We ordered the hangar steak, the scallops and the white focaccia. (We like dates but not chorizo, sorry.) It was good but did I really wait 80 min for that? They use quality ingredients but they have a very small menu so similar to a fast food restaurant, they are experts at a few things. All in all, I think it's overrated. They have 60 seats total so be prepared to wait.I really don't know why people give this place so much credit because to me it's a pain in the arse.Ok I'll start off by saying the food is very tasty and well presented (don't get me wrong) but I feel the portion sizes are fairly small for what they charge. They do have a great wine menu to compliment their food menu, but none of these things come cheap.This place is so small, their seating arrangement is a couple of huge bench tables where you have to experience communal seating. I felt severely restricted when I ate here, too closed in and unable to enjoy my dinner. Thank god I did not wear tight pants else I would have felt like I was in a torture chamber!This place is loud also. I find it really hard to have a decent conversation here. I tried to lean over and hear my friend talk, but the bloody table was so wide, I gave up halfway, feeling bruises developing on my ribs. Ok maybe I'm getting old and could be on the verge of becoming deaf, but there are better places to go to with a better atmosphere.Avec is a small, busy, warm, happy place that serves interesting food. If you're lucky, you'll sit next to fun people too...we did. Everyone seems friendly here, except, perhaps, the slightly snooty waiter. He was polite and informative but you didnt' get that warm, caring feeling from him. Oh well, the atmosphere here is modern but comfortable, with the kitchen open to the whole (one studio apartment-wide) restaurant. We enjoyed most of dishes--as everyone has said, the dates were lovely. But the standout for us was the truffle and cheese focaccia. MELTED in your mouth, soooo good. We were all shocked at the end of the night at how a night of eating, boozing, and dessert-ing ended up being only about $50 per person. Expect to wait for a while for a table but it allows you to sample the yummy beer menu (I had a cherry beer).Oh there is a beer on the menu for 44 bucks or something ridiculous like that. That's just annoying.Yum and fun.  Food was great - seating is extremely cozy but the random conversations and food sharing with neighbors outweighs the lack of elbow room.  The dates were delicious.  I recommend this for anyone who enjoys good food and does not have space issues.  My only complaint was that they replayed the same MGMT song three times...Coming to Chicago from New York is a gift. Avec, in New York, would be 4 times the price, have snobby waitstaff, and at the top of the foodchain. Yet, in Chicago, it is humble, the waitstaff is funny, and yet IT HAS THE BEST FOOD. I was almost tired from my boyfriend raving about the chorizo stuffed dates for four months until I went with him. Now I think people are tired of me raving about them. Avec knows what it is doing as it is balanced: the top notes of food don't overwhelm the subtle flavors (a chorizo stuffed date could be a nightmare of a balancing act, especially with a red sauce on top... imagine the acidity and fattiness if not properly balanced). The environment is simple and clean--almost Nordic--perfectly balanced between being upscale and casual. Best thing is, the price is what you want it to be; the glass of wine is about 3 glasses, the food can be filling with one $14 plate, or fill you up with 3 plates and still stay under $45. It is as expensive or as cheap as you wish.We finally went to Avec!  We were able to be seated right away as we went late on a weeknight.  Everything was amazing, as expected... the  mushrooms were the favorite of the evening!It was a Sunday at 10pm, and we already had a full diner at Sunda and after dinner drinks and snacks at Publican.  Were we really ready to wait for a table, even this late, and eat even more?Our foodie friends in from California were, but I wasn't so sure.  I even tried starting with a dessert wine (the "Fragelino", a delicious strawberry moscato) to try to convince myself I shouldn't eat anymore.  Good thing I trusted my friends and not my stomach - Avec was pure awesome.I was anticipating just having some drinks and being able to say we came to Avec.  The interior was simple but super classy.  Wood paneling everywhere that pulled your attention toward the back wall, comprised of  empty green wine bottles.  We were seated near there, which also gave us a clear view of the kitchen, right over the bar.We only got a couple dishes to split among us six, but they were more than enough.  First the infamous chorizo-stuffed dates which were large, meaty, savory, and my new favorite way of enjoying Mexican sausage.  What? We also accidentally ordered the wrong flatbread, but it was a happy mistake.  Fresh apples, speck (aka ham), arugula and morbier cheese - it made me forget that I was terribly full and putting any more food in me was a bad idea.  Even though it was so late by this point, the freshness in the flatbread woke me up.Avec reaffirmed that I live to eat, and not the other way around.  Can't wait to come back hungry!Loved it!  Everything we had was delicious and the service was great!  Atmosphere is mixed as it's all communal tables with no reservations, so it can get very crowded and loud.  I had to lean across the table several time to understand what my friends were saying.  The prices are very reasonable for the food quality, and it's easy to stay under $30 if you don't get wine, so I'd say it's more of a $$.In descending order, my favorite dishes were:1. Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce - a hint spicy, maybe a tad too salty, but overall great!2. Focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs - sliced and filled in the middle with the cheese and truffle oil - amazing!!3. Housemade bratwurst with cardamom, braised white beans and pickled ramp vinaigrette4. Roasted half chicken with confit fingerlings, ras al hanout, sliced almonds, mustard greens and cerignola olives - Incredibly moist, but huge!5. Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with harissa, marinated rock shrimp, hominy, peanuts and tomatillo - overrated, but still very moist and succulentWill definitely return when  I'm back in Chicago - I agree with Jess, come to San Francisco!!Note that Avec is similar to their sister restaurants Blackbird (next door) and The Publican.What else is there to be said about Avec?  Well...  the place definitely does live up to it's hype. It's small, it's rustic, it's cozy, it's communal and it's by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. Enough that I still have fantasties about the food I had one cold and dreary December night a year ago. Why did it take so long to write about it?  Because I thought it was a dream. It was that divine. I almost want to book another flight to Chicago to revisit Avec.  We stumbled upon the place by accident and what an incredible accident it was. Amazing wine flights, beautiful artisan Spanish cheeses with fig paste, Chorizo stuffed dates and the deluxe focaccia which I refused to let the left-overs go to waste. We were staying at a hotel and I still brought it back and put it on the window sill to keep cold at night and ate it cold the next day for breakfast. Sad to some people... but a year later, I am still craving it!  It reminds me of the Food network show: Best Food I ever ate. It would definitely be that!! Mmmmm Lucky Chicagoans!Run.. don't walk.Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce: easily one of the most delicious things I've EVER eaten. Sweet medjool dates stuffed with spicy chorizo, wrapped in smoky bacon, sitting in a tangy tomato sauce, all mopped up by a hunk of fresh bread. Truly spectacular, AND it's very reasonably priced at $10. I'll come back again and again just for this! This dish is worth a trip across the city. Awesome food, relaxed atmosphere, good service, can't wait until I'm back in Chicago!Anne Burrell was here and I turned into a little school girl - all giddy, asking for photos and telling her how big of a fan i was. After the shaky hands we got the Dates, Crispy duck, pork shoulder, and the pasta dish.Skip the crispy duck and pasta. They were terrible. The rest was pretty good.Avec was a terrific place to stop with friends when I was in town last week.  A bit of a wait from 5:00, but no big deal.  I really like the communal seating. Respectfully shared a table with 2 other nice groups.  I'm thinking each table seats 8-10 comfortably and not at all intrusively.  Sleek atmosphere, sharp service.  Food: Chorizo stuffed dates - oh yes... this one is a must.  Prosciutto with mint/cilantro/grapefruit/evo was the highlight.  Off the charts greatness.The only dissapointment was the "bone-in monkfish.  I thought the flavours were kind of muddy.  meh.  But otherwise?  I will be back next time I am in town Chicago!Carry on.WoW! This place rocks! I was lucky to be seated at the chef's counter. I have to say this is probably THE best seat in the house. You get to see the chefs in action and even chat with Chef Grieveson. We started with the focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs. It was amazing! This is a must order. Great to share with a group of friends. Then we had the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and picuillo-pepper tomato sauce. It came with a warm ciabatta-like bread. Warning...this dish has a kick to it and I LOVE it. The dish comes with 4 dates. They are pretty filling. Just writing about this makes me want to return to Chicago. Our last dish was the wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with roasted carrots and black rice. The pork was super tender and packed with flavor. Another must order. During this entire dining experience, we had the best service. Everyone was friendly and attentive, even the chef. She asked us a few times how things were while we watched her cook like a mad woman. She was very pleasant. Chef Grieveson took the time to tell us a little about her dishes and a little about my hometown, San Francisco. She worked under Michael Mina! That is incredible. We complemented her, not just on her food and service but her amazing selection of rock music!You have to try Avec at some point if you live in Chicago.  The food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is cozy, modern, and lively. We stopped by for a few small plates and a drink prior to eating at another nearby restaurant.  I didn't want to admit it at the time, but we would have probably been better off just staying at Avec.  The chorizo-stuffed dates with bacon were as good as they sound and were larger than you would imagine.  The salami plate was fresh and had a decent variety (generous portions of three different types). We went with beer instead of wine and were not disappointed.  I was a little cautious when I found out they had no IPAs (or pale ales), but their Belgium selection was excellent (most were new to me). Overall, its a fun place to get a great meal at a decent price.  Just make sure to get there early or be ready to wait!Avec was a slight miss for me.  Although the food is very good, you need to go with a group of 4-6 people and order multiple plates to get a fulfilled balanced meal.  No reservations combined with a small communal dinning area, add in its extreme popularity and long wait times, and I'm not sure I get it.  Avec is not conducive to large groups but is a tapas style restaurant in which dishes are meant to be shared?As a party of two, I definitely wanted more dishes on the menu to balance out my order of 2 large plates and 1 small plate.  The problem is that like the waitress suggested, these three plates were plenty of food.  Maybe I ordered wrong but I opted to go with Avec's three signature dishes.  The chorizo-stuffed dates, focaccia, and wood-oven roasted pork shoulder were all well executed and flavorful. The focaccia was tasty but it is definitely meant to be shared by more than two people.  The wood-oven roasted pork shoulder was tender and delicious but I really needed some additional sides to balance out the huge chunk of meat in a bowl.  And of course, the chorizo-stuffed dates are incredible and worth the trip to Avec alone. My suggestion would be to go with a group of people who are willing to share each dish, get there early to avoid the long wait, and order most items on the menu.Fills up very fast, so get there early or you'll be waiting. But the waitstaff sat us at the bar and we sipped on wine as we waited. They also took our jackets and hung them in the back for us. The seating is one long table. The space is small for a restaurant. The food was overall good with interesting flavors. The chorizo-stuffed dates were great. The hangar steak was a little tough. Stay away from the strange tasting octopus dish. I usually love octopus, but I took a couple bites and set it aside.  The focaccia was delicious. Ingredients tasted fresh and high quality.It felt like a tapas-style meal with French flavors. And like most tapas restaurants, I paid a lot of money but left without feeling satisfied even though the food tasted good. I'm sorry, but if I'm gonna drop $30-40 on one meal, I'd better leave that place waddling with a food baby. I went home and ate a snack instead. Still, I'd go back for the chorizo dates and focaccia.Don't go there with a larger group, they'd have a hard time cramming you in together. I think 4 is an ideal number, because you can order a greater variety and taste a bit of everything.If I were going to die tomorrow, I would want Justin (okay, I'm name-dropping) at avec to make me the medjool dates wrapped in bacon, and the focaccia.  I heart them.  Get cozy with strangers, drink too much wine, and forget how many courses you've ordered (and for god's sake get a cheese course).j'taime avec.Avec is the cream of the crop.  A perfect place for tapas style dining.  When it gets crowded, the sound level is a little too high, but the food makes it worth it.The chorizo stuffed dates might just be the best thing I've ever tasted in my life.  I also think it's great that they have reasonable wines, like a delightful Portuguese Vino Verde.   I'm going to have to figure out how to make those dates in Houston!Oh.my.god. I have seriously never tasted anything as delicious as the food at Avec. The flavors were absolutely divine--it was less like eating and more like experiencing food. My mom, sister, and I somehow managed to get a table right away without a reservation. I can't remember what all the dishes were called, but we had an app that consisted of corn puree on freshly baked bread (which was amazing)the dates stuffed with chorizo and wrapped in bacon (which came highly recommended, but actually wasn't my favorite--although my sister loved them)an entree with pulled pork and chorizo that was unspeakably good. I worked in a Puerto Rican restaurant that was famous for it's pulled pork, and Avec's was definitely comparable with its melt-in-your-mouth meat....and finally... the flatbread with ricotta and another cheese I can't remember the name of. This was maybe the best thing I've ever tasted in my life. Holy shit. We also had tea and little peanut butter, chocolate pastries for dessert. Mmmmmm. I'm getting full just thinking about all that incredible food.The service was great, our server helped us pick out a fantastic wine to match our food. Just a phenomenal experience. We will definitely be back.I have been here 4 times now and, until my most recent trip, AVEC was my favorite chicago restaurant. I know that the food at AVEC is a little more adventurous than most other restaurants, but this was the first time I went there and did not like any of the dishes (except for the hanger steak which was good). I was told the fish would not have bones and it had A LOT of bones. We sent it back and the waitress made an off putting comment. For a similar small plate experience I now prefer the restaurant "TWO."This place is pretty good.  I had high expectations given the caliber of the team in charge from Blackbird next door, and they were mostly met.  Stopped in a bit early on a Friday night around 5:30 for some wine and a snack, and was able to sit quickly and get that.  Bread is very good, and they keep bringing it.  Wine list is very good, especially the extensive Spanish collection which I'm really into right now.I hear he gets his own hog and cures his own meats, which adds a nice little novelty to the chacuterie choices.  Our food was very good, though maybe because of my expectations I can't say that I was totally wowed.  The ingredients were all very high quality and I particularly liked the duck and seasonal apple salad...solid, but understated.Last pet peeve I'll mention is the lights.  In general, I think the communal tables, scandanavian-mod wood paneling/tables/chairs, and warmth from the fire make for a generally inviting version of modernism.  However, the lights tend to remind me of the hospital.  Minor thing, but details count.Avec is a foodie's paradise and knows it, epitomized by the holier-then-thou-stink-eye hostess. But the ambiance is fantastic,and the food consistently delivers. Hadn't been in awhile, and the average wait time has tripled. We arrived at 10 on a Thursday, didn't get seated til after 11. So be it. Not getting the chorizo-stuffed dates is a crime. They are big balls of yummy comfort that may as well be stuffed with Cymbalta, since they are capable of curing the most severe depression. The wonderfully simple focaccia is also a phenomenal treat. Those two are worth the trip and wait alone.Previously have enjoyed the monkfish, flank steak and braised octopus. This time all were unimpressive and sloppy.Oh Avec, I will always be with you. I will crave you in the middle of the night and dream of you in the day. You are so good to my taste buds, thank you for existing!This has become one of my favorite spots in the city. It keeps me in Chicago :)Everything here is amazing. Well, except the sturgeon which i had at my most recent visit last week. It was a bit too salty for my liking. BUT that is the only time I have had a ever so slight disappointment. Mickey is usually our serevr. She is great! Very knowledgeable in the cuisine as well as the wine. We are big fans of the barbazul. YUM!I dont even know where to begin with suggestions! Try it all, you cannot go wrong.Oh wait, must have the dates. Its a great, well rounded dish. It combines spicy and sweet with a tomato tartness... WOW.Happy Eating!Great Chicago foodie experience!  After a couple more formal, high falutin' meals, I was ready for a change and Avec provided the perfect foil.  We had the amazing good luck to show up at 7:30 and get seated right away.  The service was warm and welcoming.  The communal table was a great part of the experience - we chatted with our friendly neighbors and even joined in a round of "happy birthday" with them.  Based on everyone's recommendations, we obediently ordered the dates, and we weren't sorry.  One of my favorite dishes ever.  We moved on to the flatbread (I could live on that crust for a long time) and the pork shoulder, which is brined for several weeks (or, at least, a really long time) and actually does melt in your mouth.  This place is a must-visit when in Chicago, although it loses a star for the totally unnecessary, egregious blaring of loud rap music - haven't we all learned that playing music so loud that diners can't hear each other isn't "cool," just annoying?  Nevertheless, the food, great service, and fun, casual atmosphere, make it well worth the trip. I will definitely be back whenever in Chicago (but maybe I'll bring earplugs).Avec is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.From the classy yet friendly communal seating, to the fresh, innovative, share-able and utterly devour-worthy menu, Avec is worth going back to again and again and again.Highlights/tips:+ "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil - woahmygod so good, and huge, so be prepared to either split between 4 people or take some home. Tip - if you are ordering something flavor-punched like the bacon dates, I would suggest eating the focaccia first so that your palate doesn't get too overcrowded to appreciate the taleggio-truffle awesomeness.+ chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon - this version of bacon-wrapped dates will pummel the *** out of any bacon-wrapped date you've had elsewhere. Really, it's like a chorizo-date-meat-heaven-ball wrapped in smoky bacon bathed in tomato-pepper sauce. 4 generous portions, you *could* split between 4 but really, you'll want 2 to yourself.+ daily antipastos usually feature a nutty grain (think farro, wheatberry) with grilled vegetables and other tasty add-ins. Nice dish to lighten things up after the 2 aforementioned stomach and taste bombs.+ get. the. chocolate. crisps.  I don't care how full your belly is with focaccia and dates and pork shoulder. You will see the heaping plate of chocolate crisps coming your way and think, oh my god who in the world would eat that much chocolate? no way! and then you will sprinkle sea salt on the chocolate. and then you will eat every single last chocolate crisp until the plate is spanking clean.Go on an off night (e.g. Monday) if you hate waiting for seating. Street parking outside. Push to open the inner door (you will empathize with my confusion if you've seen the door). Get a bottle of wine and enjoy your company. Get ready to have Avec's dates and focaccia dancing around in your dreams. You won't be forgetting Avec anytime soon.You know, I hate to be a hater b/c I really have loved Avec on every other visit except for last night. It all started with the wait. I know I need to expect to wait when I go to Avec. Not a problem. But my problem is we were told they were ready to seat us, and to pay the check for the wine we had enjoyed at the outside table. So we pay the check and start to walk inside to meet up with the hostess who had (already) said they were ready to seat us...well lo and behold she acts like she never said she was ready to seat us. Um, ok...Your table's ready...PSYCH??So we waited awhile longer while she seats a few tables of 2. Ok...whatever...I have friends in town from San Francisco and I want to show them how cool this spot is. So we are seated. Our server is great as usual. Same guy we got last week. Then we notice the menu changed...and not for the better for vegetarians. No salad, just some completely unappetizing sounding marinated vegetables. Ok, I'll have the pizza--the one with the apples and pork. "Do you mind holding the pork?" No subs. Ahhh shit.. Ok. Um...taleggio focaccia (which is to die for)  but would be SOOOO much better with a little salad to cut the fat and truffles.But then we order, and we ordered the brandade and olives to start.  So the olives come...and 20mins later we are wondering where the brandade is as several orders of it were leaving the expo. hmmm...ok, can we get our brandade? "oh..I thought you wanted that as a second course." Um..no that's why we ordered the olives and brandade to start. So, 1.5 hours later we're still waiting for the remaining items of the order.  It was all too much for a Sunday night. I had to leave.I'm sure we'll be back but will want to make sure there's more on the menu than foccia for us vegetarians.Tapas restaurants are huge in Chicago and Avec takes it to a new level. The plates are small enough to sample many but so tasty you won't want to share.The decor is very new age in all wood and stainless steel. There is no waiting area so ask for a drink and wait at the tables outside. And if you're shy, be prepared to be seated right next to a stranger, the seating is tight. I found that enjoyable though to chat with others about what they ate and compare tastes.Let's make this simple.  It's all about those bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates.  I must admit, I was extremely intoxicated the first time I tried them (spent the hour and a half wait drinking soju at Nara next door) and I woke up the next morning and remembered having the most amazing BBQ meatballs imaginable.  It was that good.  And then it's all about the focaccia, it was ridiculous.  They must have put something illegal in there.  I've also had the pork shoulder and whole roasted fish, which were both good but definitely overshadowed by the dates.  I'm usually a hater of the more expensive, trendy-type restaurants (basically whatever my girlfriend likes), but this place won me over.In addition, Avec has a solid beer selection for relatively reasonable prices.  As I mentioned before, there is a considerable wait if you arrive later in the evening.  The restaurant itself is fairly small, with long communal tables and simple, modern decor.  Everyone working there was extremely nice (even the time we clearly had too much to drink beforehand).  What an awesome place.I'll admit it, I sorta doubted you, Avec. I wasn't really feeling the menu that I saw online. I read it several times, but I still wasn't really sure if I wanted to eat here as my 1 nice meal out in Chicago. But my friends convinced me that it was worth it. And boy, was it totally worth it. My boyfriend and I arrived here and saw a line out the door. We were prepared to wait a long time, but luckily we only waited 15 minutes. We sat at the bar (which I LOVE sitting at bars, especially in small restaurants). We started off with a wonderful bottle of wine that was suggested by our server. We tried the following:1. Chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates: absolutely amazing...every bite was an explosion in my mouth. I really didn't think this was going to be this good, but I was wrong. The chorizo was perfectly spicy, the date was perfectly sweet and the bacon was perfectly salty. The sauce it was in was so good we dipped everything in it. It pretty much made our trip. 2. Sea Bass, clams, octopus in garlic sauce: This was surprisingly good. It wasn't as good as the dates, but I couldn't believe how tender the octopus was. It was simple, but very well made. 3. Pasta:  I forgot what kind of meat that was in this pasta. It might have been some sort of braised veal or something. It was sooo good. The sauce was so light with just some veggies. I remember carrots...and a wonderful lemon flavor. We licked this bowl clean. 4. Pork Shoulder: I wasn't crazy about the pork shoulder. It was good, but maybe the dates and the pasta put the bar so high that the pork shoulder just wasn't as good. It was really tender. It was hard to share with just 1 person, seeing that we were already stuffed from all of the other food. I'd skip it next time. The place is tiny....and the service and food is great. I loved that we could get half orders of some of the dishes. This made it possible for my boyfriend and I to taste alot more food than we expected to. The portions here are pretty big (eventhough it's considered small plates/tapas style). I swear some of their "half orders" would have definitely been "full orders" here in LA for the same price. I guess that's one of the great things about Chicago. Thanks Avec, you made our trip worthwhile.Amazing small plates with the perfect wine pairing.This may be one place that I would give an extra star to.  That star would be for the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with choroizo (or however you spell that crazy spanish sausage).  Everytime I have been there we have been shared a table with interesting, the good interesting, people.Hands down, Avec is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I make it a point to eat at Avec every time I'm in town.  The food always suprases my expectations.  I've had some amazing dishes, my particular favorite is the dates wrapped in bacon (mmmmmm, bacon)...The wine list is extensive and the wait staff is knowlegeable.  What could be a very pretentious restaurant is down to Earth.  My last visit was on a Sunday afternoon and it was very chill.  Nice way to end the weekend.Love love love love love avec. I love the ambiance, the minimalism, the extensive wine list, and most especially the food. I went w/some girlfriends last week and had forgotten how great it is that I went back w/my family 4 days later...The bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates & truffle foccacia are a must. We also got house-marinated olives , a cheese plate and my mom and I split the trout which was outstanding...the skin was super crispy and the fish was awesome. My brother and dad got the branzino, which was the special & was presented as the whole fish, and both were raving. It's a better deal to order wine by the bottle as opposed to the glass, and the bottles are super reasonable. Friendly service and they were happy to help out w/the wine list, as they feature wines from many regions.If you don't get there early though, be prepared for a wait.Although the waiting time is terrible but it completely worths it.The food was incredible. nothing to say, i would live there if i can.So good!  We tried Avec on a recent visit to Chicago and were thoroughly impressed.  The no-reservations policy meant our party of eight had to wait awhile for a table (perhaps 30-45 minutes on a Sunday night), but the beer and wine lists kept us busy and the time flew by.  It would be nice if there was a better spot to wait, though; we were all crowded into the entryway and were pretty much in the way of everything.That beer list, though: it was full of intriguing brews, mostly Belgians, I'd never seen or heard of.  Not being a Belgian fan, I dove into the wines instead - and I'd love to tell you which ones we sampled, but I don't recollect at all.  They were all (a little too, perhaps) delicious - an outstanding selection.The atmosphere is noisy and fun, and the all-wood interior and close quarters make for a cozy visit.  Just what we were looking for.For our meal, we shared what seemed like one of everything on the menu - as a vegetarian, I was a little more limited, but once I tried the focaccia I never wanted to eat anything else again, anyway.  Oh, yum.  The Avec salad was delicious, too, and the chestnut & lima bean crostini, while not my favorite part of the meal, was tasty as well.  Looking forward to our next trip to Chicago!French people make better pizza than Italians!  We had the foccacia.  It is basically a stuffed cheese pizza and it is the best pizza period.  We also ordered a regular sausage and spinach pizza which was better than any Chicago deep dish pizza.For the price, this is the best French restaurant I've been to in any city.  The two signature dishes are the best I've had!  Dates Choriza were so tasty.  The salmon and  red snapper were only okay.  Definitely not bad fish but not the best.  The crispy chocolate was only okay.Went here on a rainy Tuesday at it wad still packed wall to wall. They take no reservations so expect to wait if you have a large group. Service was excellent food was good. Bacon wrapped dates were good as advertised. Our server recommend the pork shoulder entree but that was a miss for us. If I'm having pork shoulder I'd rather have it smoked for hours and slathered in BBQ sauce ( at Smoque BBQ) The menu is more exotic than I'm used to and maybe I'm just not adventurous enough to enjoy the cuisine. I will be back to give it another try but for the $120 we spent I could name many other spots I'd rather go to.I thought I would speak French here. I thought I would wait a long time. I thought I knew what bacon wrapped dates tasted like. I'm glad that I was wrong (only somewhat for the first). I came here with 2 other people around 5:20 PM on a Saturday night, and it was already pretty packed. However, as soon as we got in and got our name down, we were told our table was getting prepared. I do enjoy communal seating, just because it's easy to spy what others are eating and savor the aroma of their food - all this without even having food yet. My favorite dish was by far the chorizo stuffed dates. The bacon was smoky, salty, and fantastic, and combined perfectly with the sweet dates. I've had Cafe BaBaReeba's bacon wrapped dates, and the ones at Avec were on a completely different level. Their wine selection was extensive, and I'm sure there was something good there. I ended up ordering a Belgian beer, Atomium, on the recommendation of our server, and I loved it. Sit down "avec" friends, order a bottle of wine (or two), strike up conversation with your neighbors, and you'll savor every bite and moment in Avec.I hate waiting for a table. I also hate restaurants that don't take reservations. Mostly because I don't want to wait 90 minutes for a table. I go out to eat when I'm hungry and in 90 minutes, I'm probably about ready to punch someone on account of my hunger.I threw all that away and decided to eat at Avec, drinking beer to abate my angry stomach's rumblings. And I'm really glad I did. The food was awesome. We sat down and told the server just to start ordering us food. He only asked if we had any food allergies, and I kid you not, the dude ordered everything I was eyeing on the menu. That'd be unremarkable if it was 2 or 3 things. We got 8 or 9 dishes. The food was all incredible. The wines he selected for us were also top notch. Five stars for the food, and five stars for the awesome service.I've always had delectable feedings at Avec.  It's consistently excellent and always fun.  I like to sit at the bar behind the chef's station and chat with them as they prepare the dishes--quite the spectacle and makes waiting for your own dishes to come up even more exciting.  I cannot so much comment on individual dishes, since the most fantastic among them seem to be those that are inspired by seasonal market produce.  I seem to remember some marvelous pea-shoot bruschetta and a duck and fennel confit dish that were particularly amazing.  I would absolutely take someone from nyc or from europe here without hesitation.  Your guest  will indeed leave mesmerized by "how good the food is in chicago."   Don't let the "small plates" designation fool you--they are main course size, all of them.   Four dishes are way too much for 2 people who love to eat.And do yourself a favor and practice restraint when ordering: the medjool dates stuffed with chorizo are SO not worth it.  They just assault your mouth with brash flavors and too much oil, both of which make it pretty difficult to continue to enjoy all the delicate complexities of other signature Avec dishes.    Every time I've had them, I regret it.  I'm all for devil's on horseback--but these are overdone.  And, even at 8:30 on a Sat night, I've been seated immediately--as a party of 2.  I do indeed believe this is the secret of the place: come to Avec n'avec qu'un.If you can stomach the self-aggrandizing metrosexual clientele of this place and the molton brown amenities in the restrooms, then do so--the culinary delights are well worth it.Chorizo stuffed dates as mentioned and seen on the tables of many fellow guests who peruse to this chic zen like tapas bar, are delicious! Hectic vibe for a moment due to small space and large crowds but overall decor reflect the sauna of a day spa. Waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. If you prefer quiet private tables, this is definitely not the place for you since it is communal seating but the benefits of seeing the different dishes served outweighs the awkwardness and closeness of strangers elbowing against you. Overall, good food but a bit overpriced for the portion. But hey, it's tapas style so one should not expect a supersize meal here.Probably one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago! Bf and I went here and since they don't take reservations, we had an hour + wait. When we were finally seated and our order placed, my bf started feeling sick. We ended up getting one dish there and two to go. What we had:Chorizo-stuffed dates- The only dish we got to eat right when it came out of the kitchen. Absolutely amazing! I usually don't eat dates, but after seeing that it was a "must try" from so many reviews, I'm glad we ordered it. Anise-marinated hanger steak- Enjoyed this at the hotel even though it was slightly cold. The hanger steak was tender and not chewy as I was expecting it to be. Wood oven Roasted Pork Shoulder- my favorite dish from this restaurant. By the time we got back to the hotel, the ciabatta was soggy from soaking up all the juices, but it was still delicious. I wish I knew how it would have been served at the restaurant. A must!!!!The down side is the communal tables. And it's not so much that its communal, but the fact that we're packed in tighter than sardines! It would have been nice to have some breaking room... otherwise, yummy dinner!This is a restuarant that is coasting on past accolades. The service is spotty, and when they said they want you to order all at once "so they can pace the meal" they mean, because it is very convenient for them and you as the customer, well, let's say that pacing is not in their skill set.  Worse, the food is meh. The flank steak was very good, but the sardines incredibly salty and the pasta virtually inedible. The chairs are extremely uncomfortable.  What once was a bright light has dimmed considerably. It happens. Try somewhere else.I saw some impressive reviews for this restaurant and I decided to bring my family here for Mother's Day. I asked around and it seemed like this is more a place for younger adults to hang out but I decided to try it anyways. I was there around 4 to avoid the crowds as they do not take any reservations but it started to be more crowded around 5.30pm. The decor is sophisticated and modern and they have long tables and bar-style seatings to encourage strangers to talk to each other. The food was excellent. They have a good selection of small and large plates; so if it's your first time there, you might need some time to decide what to order. My favorite of the night was the stuffed dates and pork shoulder. After chatting with the person next to me, I even got her to try the dates because she was curious about what I was eating. Overall, the food was very original and the portions were just nice. Most of all, it was not expensive for such quality food. I was very impressed and I will definitely be back.It's contemporary, cantina-inspired setting is lovely, and not a place for those who like their personal space.  From the outside-standing-room-only wating area to the cramped quarters of the bar/dining room, it's solid people.  The wine list was underwhelming, but we managed to find a bottle of montepulciano from one of our favorite Italian vineyards.  I also found it a bit elitist that they do not carry any American wines.  On a Friday night at 7:30, we were seated in about 40 minutes, or two glasses of wine each later.... which was a better estimate, as we were given some lip service about "not quoting times."  Of course, we ended up sitting at the bar, which was more than fine, because of the volume level.  The dates were my favorite, but are extremely spicy and didn't sit so well with my counterpart.  We also shared an excellent sheep's cheese selection, as well as the flank steak, which was just okay.  All in all, it was a nice dining experience.If you are a foodie, then this is an absolute must-try in Chicago.  Be prepared to wait around an hour for your table, so I wouldn't recommend coming if you are famished!  My friends and I had a few glasses of wine while we waited at a nearby sushi spot.  It was nice that the hostess took down our cell number to call when our table was ready- a nice feature!The restaurant itself is very cool and different - sort of looks like a sauna with the wood paneling.  On to the food - words can't adequately describe how great it was.  We started with the salmon -an absolute delight!  Next, we ordered the snail polenta, which was slightly spicy, but unexpectedly delicious.  after that we had the "famous" bacon wrapped dates which are stuffed with chorizo.  they should really advertise these as meatballs with dates, but regardless, they were flavorful and moist.  Lastly, we ordered the foccacia flatbread, which was crispy, cheesy and a great lighter end to our decadent meal.  In addition, extensive wine list, with many reasonable options.  My group had three small plates, one large plates and a bottle of pinot noir for a total of around $100 including tip.  Very worth the money!Visiting Chicago and first dinner in town...Avec of course!  Even on a Monday the place was packed.  We finally got to sit at the bar and watch the chef in action.  It was sheer pleasure to sit on the high stools and watch the different plates passing from the kitchen.  The bartenders were fantastic to chat with (even though it was super loud inside) and get some insight into the menu.  We tried: the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon.  Can I just call it heaven?  It was spicy, sweet and delicous.  The sausage savory and the dates cooked perfectly to garnish a sweet crusty goodness.  YUM!  We also had the sturgeon which was mild in comparison to the first plate but good in other ways.  Fish was nice and firm with a very delicate flavor.  The thinly cut beets and cooked kale paired nicely with the sturgeon.As always I love the athmosphere.  They don't have desserts...just cheese plates so go next door to Blackbird if you are looking for something sweet and different.  Oh and the wine list is fun to just read (even though I had two carafes of the churchhill's)!Avec has been, and remains, one of my favorite restaurants in any city, anywhere. I was concerned that after the fire a few years back, Avec would resurface as a different place than I had previously known. However, aside from a few new menu options and different place settings, Avec has risen from the ashes like a Phoenix and is just as good, if not better, as it always was.First of all, the atmosphere impresses with long, dark, wood tables and a minimally designed room of white and natural wood-grain. The wait staff is attentive and knowledgable, and helpful if you need suggestions. The wine list is impressive and has some unique selections. The food is amazing; you'll notice around you that people love the bacon wrapped dates, but if you don't eat meat, don't worry; the vegetarian options are plentiful and you really can't go wrong with anything that you order. Skip dessert (it will seem lackluster in comparison to your meal) and opt for a second bottle of wine instead. Note: The space is small and long, which means wait times can be rather high. Aim for a very late dinner on most evenings.This place doesn't need another review. At all. But I need somewhere to wax poetic about this one dish... let me show you.We (the four of us) shared a lot of food here... Chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped medjol dates. They're HUGE. And Delicious. And they put crack in the red sauce. I swear.A light arugula salad with hazelnuts. Good, but not as good as Purple Pig's version.House marinated olives - a great starter... i loved all the different types of olives.Hangar steak - perfectly cooked, tender, and flavorful.Burrata - who doesn't like melty and creamy mozz cheese?And a couple of the seasonal specials. So you can see we ate plenty. We were all groaning about how full we were, when we realized that we had one more dish coming to us, and that it was a LARGE plate (so was the hangar steak). We thought... "maybe we should cancel the order if they haven't cooked it yet!" but as soon as we said that, out comes this round, flat, crispy looking bread. And despite how full we all were, we all started salivating.The focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, and truffle oil is probably at least 10 inches in diameter. Sliced in half horizontally, and slathered with cheese and drizzled with truffle oil. IT WAS PERFECTION. This dish is what I'd go back to Avec for, because despite having a lovely time, it's not quite easily accessible for me, there's not much nearby, and I prefer dishes at other tapas restaurants. But none of the other tapas restaurants has focaccia with cheese and truffle oil.Tips:We came for an early dinner. Walked right in and we were immediately seated. If you've been out and about and you're not that hungry, maybe you don't mind waiting. But I hate waiting. I'd rather eat early, relocate, and resume the cocktail consumption elsewhere. I also wasn't super impressed with desserts. They were OK, but nothing outstanding.Has anyone tried the focaccia and/or chorizo stuffed dates as cold leftovers??!?  DAAAAMN!  Forgive me Chef Koren, but it was leftover from two days before and I was too lazy to heat up the oven, but I made an  unsurprising discovery!  Avec is officially delicious hot or cold, alone or with company, any hour of the friggin' day.I journeyed to Avec for Re-opening night over Halloween weekend and of course everything was oh so magically delicious.  Good to know that all the same staff is still there and my favorite server was also mine for the evening.  Thanks guys and welcome back!The wait can suck, but the food is totally worth it. We came here for dinner, and the four of us got the following:Salumi for fourHouse-made boudin of braised pork, poblano, and rice, served with fava beans, pearl onions, and almond sliversPasta of the day (pappardelle with a white sauce with slivered cured ham, various herbs (can't remember), and an egg yolk which when broken and mixed with the white sauce, came together like a carbonara)Chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped medjool dates grilled and served in a sweet tomato sauceWhole roasted striped bass with cranberry beans, basil, sea salt"Apricot" sorbet (tasted more orange than apricot)Housemade chocolate bark, both dark and milk (I don't know if that's what they were calling it, but that's what it was)With the exception of the sorbet, everything was stellar, and even the sorbet was pretty good. If you're going to eat, I'd advise going in a group of about four (any more than that, and you'll probably have trouble being seated as the space is small) and eating family style - you'll be able to sample many more dishes that way. They encourage this; while the dishes are listed on the menu as "big plates" or "small plates," some of the "small plates" came out after some of the "big plates" because it made sense in the culinary progression.I'd like to try coming back here late night and experiencing it as a wine bar; the list was fairly extensive and they sell several wines as 250 mL splits, basically two glasses.One of the most innovative restaurants that I've been to :) I loved the atmosphere..it's quaint, modern, and fresh. Their wine list is amazing and we loved every bottle our server recommended. Refreshing whites from Espana were our favs! The food was tapas style and over exceeded my expectations. I especially loved their house special chorizo stuffed dates which were packed with delicious spiced chroizo! LOVED IT. We also their specials of the day - crispy sardines and california bass which were both perfectly cooked.  I also loved and now crave their chitarra with grilled fennel, guanciale and broccoli rabe which was their housemade pasta with what tasted like fried pieces of pork belly. It was amazing!We ordered the fois gras also that came in 1 lb portions ($125), but they were able to give us a half lb order. I don't know about all of you, but all the fois gras I've ever had has come in a pate form of some sort, but this came out looking like the whole liver. To be honest, it was a little unappetizing-looking, but it was so well done and creamy! I wish it came out at the beginning of our meal though instead of the last because it was such a rich dish. You definitely know it is fresh, but it is intimidating and I would not suggest it for the non-risk takers in the food world. Avec was everything and more! I loved it and can't wait to go back! :) Happy Eating in my tummy!I thought I was fully prepared for the up-close-and-personal setup, but when it came down to crunch time I was pretty frazzled for a good 15 minutes before I got into it.  The invasive atmosphere has everyone intensely pretending that they're not in each other's hair and party mingling is minimum. Plus everyone at our section was a twosie on a date. The set-up works better for small groups of friends.    My bf and I shared the oven-roasted mussels (my favorite), the whitefish and garlic sausage brochette and some other small plates;  I wish I reviewed this place sooner so that I'd remember more detail about what I had; the food was truly superb. I loved the rounded stemless ware for the wine.  Watch out carb-haters; there's delicious french wheat bread with every platter. Merde.My friend and I wanted to play catch-up so I decided to take her to Avec because of all the rave reviews.  We were not disappointed.  Unfortunately, before we could even enter the restaurant, we quizzically stared around the square building for the entrance, looking rather stupid in the process.  Once we were inside, the wooden tables reminiscent of an elegant mess hall drew us in.We ordered the chorizo-stuffed dates, "la quercia" prosciutto salad, and homemade gnocchi.  The highlight was definitely the stuffed dates, a good balance of sweet and savory flavors.  I was let down by the prosciutto, but the gnocchi was buttery and delicious.  The dessert consisted of two citrus cream-stuffed cannoli; they were...eh.The restaurant itself is small, and it gets crowded very easily.  With that combination, the place was LOUD.  I sometimes had trouble carrying on a conversation as we both had to repeat sentences.  But the overall experience was positive and the meal was delicious.So I've been on a string of negative reviews lately, and I wanted to break my streak with the big anticipated visit to Avec.The visit started out fine, it was a rainy cold night, but of course, there was still a wait.  We got to order a bottle of wine while waiting though, and that was nice.The three of us finally got sat.  I would definitely suggest going in even numbers so no one has to be stuck sitting at the head of the table with extra knee bumps that no one needs.  And our service was terrible from start to finish.  A couple was sat next to us at the same time, and this is how things started:Server:  I know you aren't all together, but I'd like to give you the specials, blah blah blah.  *Turns to dude next to us*  Would you like something to drink?Dude next to us:  Blah blah orders a drink for him and his date (in Italian accent)Server:  Ignores us and turns away to go to barMe:  Excuse me (we were ready to order)....trailing off...Dude next to us:  Oh, she'll be back.Me (in my head):  Well DUH!!! I hope she'll be back moron!!!  And that's basically how things went for us the rest of the night with our server, the dude next to us, and my party.It was nice to see Koren running food out, and I think I may have to give it another try.  Prices were very reasonable, and we absolutely loved the brandade!  I would skip dessert though.went to Avec a couple weeks ago but finally found time to write a review. first off, the restaurant has a pretty cool look to it. its like sitting inside a cabin since its all wood floor to ceiling. the one thing that i did not like were the seating arrangements. i was wayy too close to the stranger sitting next to me. i wish it was more spacious but that didn't really matter when the food came out.the food was great. went the vegetarian route mainly for the dishes, which there aren't many of, but from what we got it was all good. i myself got the chorizo stuffed dates and as a person who hates dates, these were amazinggg! soo good to the last bite. we also got the focaccia pizza thing. first couple of bites were good but then i got tired of it, but my gf loved it. all in all, i would come back again and hopefully try more of their meaty options. fun little place that's for sureHoly tap-dancing Jesus, this place has amazing food!  I'm not one for dates but the bacon-wrapped dates are mouth-watering.Some may not like the appeal of sitting close to other people, but this place is clearly not for folks who say they're not a "people person."I'd avoid rush hour times on Friday's and Saturdays because of the wait.  Other than that, GO HERE.If you don't like the food, you're soulless.We shared the chorizo stuffed madjool dates with smoked bacon and the "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio chees, truffle oil and fresh herbs. The dates were good but didn't compare to the bacon wrapped dates at AOC in Los Angeles on 3rd.  They really set the bar.  These Chorizo dates are a nice take on the spicy sweet savory blend. The place is very cozy, but there is a coat check.  I suggest eating at the bar to talk to the sommelier or the chefs.  It's very minimalist, lots of wood and glass.  The food was amazing and so was the atmosphere. I would definitely go back.Update... I went back for dinner with my friends and the service, food and atmosphere were EXCEPTIONAL.  I loved the sommelier.  The recommendations are amazing.   He understands wine- you describe you get a reasonably priced wine that meets your exact specifications.I went here with a large group on the earlier side of a Wednesday night (we wanted to avoid a long wait) and enjoyed it; attentive, friendly service and nice atmosphere.  We started with small plates; asparagus, wood-roasted chicken thigh, and whipped brandade.  Of the three, I thought the asparagus and wood-roasted chicken were the best; the brandade was great but one of those things where there is a ton left but you only have a taste for a small amount.  As far as large plates, I tried the whole roasted fish and the "deluxe" focaccia; I'm fairly certain that I would've eaten the entire focaccia on my own if I didn't fear the judgment that comes with hoarding/not sharing.  The only drawbacks to note - the lighting is on the brighter side...I would've preferred it a bit dimmer.  Also, if you're not HUGE on a variety of meats, it could be a little rough.  I'm a fish and chicken kind of girl so I was slightly more limited as far as options...though I still left satisfied.  Great place...I would definitely recommend!I'm updating my review for Avec, since I've been back about 3 or 4 times since I last wrote my review.  Since then, I feel the service has improved and so I am upgrading it to 5 stars, because the food is so so good.  I always order the medjool dates, which I never get sick of.  The focaccia is also a permanent staple that is excellent.  I love that the menu rotates, and it's just important to know that almost everything is good on the menu.  Only thing I won't order again is the pork shoulder, which I think is sub-par compared to the rest of the menu.------I went for my birthday dinner with a few close friends and the food was amazing.  I have to say though -- when I was there, the service took a long time despite the small number of tables and some of the people there were a bit rude.  I can understand that it was busy, but no need to be impolite.Fortunately for me, all I care about is the food really.  And that was amazing.  Enough to outweigh any lack in service.  I recommend the stuffed dates, focaccia, prosciutto and linguine from what we tried.  Having wine with our food was nice too.  They have a wide selection of wine and beers.  I will definitely be coming back soon.  Hopefully this time they'll be friendlier.Avec is an amazing wine bar that shines as a restaurant with truly top-shelf food, easily 5 stars.  A tiny little joint with large communal tables and a bar nestled next to Blackbird, done in all light woods, is a loud, raucous community event in every visit - you can't help but talk to people near you, and I've had some awesome experiences with just meeting random people on different visits.Yes, the hyped dishes are All That: the bacon-wrapped dates are utterly sumptuous (and I don't like dates) and the current preparation of hangar steak (no matter what it is) tends to be juicy and flavorful in the extreme.  The small pours of many different wines keeps Avec true to its wine bar roots and moniker.  So many neat things to try, and a great complement for the food.  The cheese selection is nice for a wine pairing and you can get a plate of accompaniments that includes Marcona almonds, panforte, and quince paste (which makes it all worthwhile for me, *dreamy sigh*).You can't go wrong here, unless noisy and cramped bothers you.  If you see it as social rather than negative, you've gotten the spirit of the place, and you'll be all good.  Please try it.  You owe yourself that much.Took my girlfriend here when she visited cause I heard great things about the place from fellow Yelpers.  I gotta say thanks for the great reviews about this place because we both really enjoyed it.  Fortunately, I came here on a weeknight right after work so there was not a long wait as I initially expected.  Avec has a very trendy, intimate vibe... the wooden seats/floors, low ceilings, and very compact layout.   The dishes were small portioned but of good quality.  We ordered the Chorizo Medjoool dates with smoked bacon and the braised pork shoulder (which was amazingly tender and flavorful).  The meat from the braised shoulder melts in your mouth.In addition to being very delicious, the meals are rather affordable.  Also, the fact that Avec opens late at night with it's affordable prices gives the impression it's a good place to check out after a night out.  The service was great and would definitely go back there again.So Avec doesn't need another good review, but I'm jumping on the bandwagon anyway.My husband took me here for my birthday a couple of years ago and I'm just getting around to the review.  The wood interior, communal seating and business clad clientele were a bit intimidating for average old me, but the food made me so happy that I gladly pushed my comfort level a bit.  It's my fault for failing to anticipate such a young, white, business crowd considering the location and the critical reviews.  The service was warm though--I only wish we hadn't ended up being packed in the middle of a communal table.  I was bumping elbows with the couple to my left during most of the meal.  This is a smaalllll space.  In any case, the menu of small plates and entrees changes regularly, but there are some staples, including the tantalizing Chorizo Stuffed Dates.  These are gargantuan and succulent and not to be missed.  My husband and I split a bottle of reasonably priced wine (in the $20-30 range) and also enjoyed Gunciale Meatballs which were enormous and came in a delectable sauce, the Hanger Steak which was wonderful and the most tender Pork Shoulder I have ever tasted which came stewed with Mussels and Tripe (two of me and my husband's not so favorite things but I enjoyed here).  We walked away stuffed and with leftovers which made for the best day after lunch at work ever.  Really, the prices are totally reasonable for such amazing food.  We've definitely spent more for far worse food.  I hope to dine here again.I had pretty high expectations for this place - in some ways it met them and in others I was disappointed. I think I ordered too much meat while I was here, got the fish, pork shoulder, and brisket. They were all done well, but maybe too much meat and not enough of anything else. The fish was great, loved that it was de-boned for me but I don't think it was better than what I had at Ginza the previous night. The pork shoulder was good, but I feel like I had something similar at Purple Pig. And the steak was wonderful - this dish was a great one to start off with. Overall, everything was delicious here, but I don't know if it was worthy of all the hype it gets. I loved the way this place was decorated and thought the food was great, just not amazing like I expected. I don't know if I would go out of my way to come here again, but really glad I tried it.After a long hiatus from Yelp (damn you, work!), one restaurant compelled me to write my first review in a long while...Avec!Showed up on a Sunday evening at 7:30pm and were lucky enough to snatch 2 seats at the bar right away. The interior is intriguing. I think they did a good job of making the space look bigger than it really is. As I made my way down the hall I felt very thankful to be sitting at the bar vs. one of the communal tables. I'm not anti-social or anything and actually quite enjoy communal tables (a la Purple Pig) but these tables were just too small! Very reasonably priced wines. They offer their wines in carafes so we sampled two different reds. Don't quite remember what they were called but both were recommended by our servers and both were pretty decent (in terms of taste and damage to our wallets). The food was AWESOME. Like really truly delicious flavors. Where is Avec's Michelin star??? Without realizing it, we ended up with a very pork-heavy meal: chorizo-stuffed dates, garlic sausage with some sort of chick pea salad, and the pork shoulder. We ended the meal with chocolate crepes with mascarpone and house made nutella...very tasty but I wished the crepes were warmer and that it came with some ICE CREAM! Service was fantastic also...really enjoyed chatting with them and they made solid recs when solicited. Can't wait to go back!!!Every 5 star review is true.Granted, I may be biased. I was in Chicago for work and arrived with a coworker at the most serendipitous time - no wait, and we were seated at the chef's table. The pork shoulder comes in a large ramekin and is so tender that it is served with a SPOON, and freshly baked loaf of bread.Quite simply the most wonderful dining experience I've ever had.Don't go and not get the medjool dates. They're stuffed with spicy chorizo, served in a savory piquillo pepper sauce and are the best thing I've had at Avec, maybe in Chicago. The bar's your surest bet for getting a seat during peak hours unless you enjoy sitting with strangers (I don't). The beer selection is eclectic and the service up there is actually a little better. Yes, Avec's loud and looks like a hipster's basement, but suck it up and go for the dates.I had only seen this place on TV and heard of people raving about it. I came here in the winter and it was definitely worth the wait. This place is rad. There isn't much waiting space so they call you once your table opens! Ingenious. The decor is super cool as well. We sat close to the pizza oven so we could see everything at was going on. My good friend told me what to order and I was in heaven. I go to France on a regular basis but this place really did it for me! I left wanting more but my body couldn't handle it. In addition to their amazing food menu, they have great good affordable French wine available. If you are in Chicago and you don't come here for dinner, you are making a mistake.By far, the best burger I've ever had.  This burger beats Kumas, lockdown, or any other burger joint out there. Located in Chicago's historic meat district, Avec did not disappoint.  My wife and I had read about it on GQ and decided to give it a shot.  Contrary to what I've seen I thought the service was great.  Avec is a must!I finally ate here last night.  We arrived around 645 and to my surprise we were seated almost immediately.  Then we sat for a good 15-20 mins before anyone came to take our drink order.  I'll echo the other reviews that the seats are horrible uncomfy....I wish i knew about the butt cushions when I sat down...sadly I didn't notice them until the end of the meal.  Our server wasn't friendly at all.  Not sure if she felt she didn't need to be because it's Avec but she bugged.  The dates are as amazing as everyone says....same with the pork shoulder.  The squid was gross.  I was so pissed we trusted our servers rec and got that instead of the steak.  It was like squid mixed with spaghetti-o's.  The antipasto of the day was also really tasty.  I'd love to go back and try some of the flatbreads and get the steak.  I am glad the placed lived up to all the hype.Hot-Diggity! I'm going here again tomorrow and I'm already salivating in anticipation!Our service was EXCELLENT.  Our waiter was sincere, knowledgable of the food and the wine (one of them is my new favorite), and welcomed any of our questions regarding the dishes.I was VERY happy that Avec serves small plates so that we could share our picks.  There were so many delicious things on the menu to choose from. The mussels were soo good and I'm not even a big fan of Crustaceans.  My favorite is  the bacon wrapped dates which I've only seen as good at the now closed Rioja (sad). We also loved the cheese plate option that lets you choose the types of cheese you would like. I would be thrilled if more restaurants offered the same cheese plate option.I've heard that their menu is seasonal, so I'm looking forward to seeing some new items. I plan on trying out Blackbird the parent restaurant to Avec.***UPDATE***If you are here soon, get the Pork Shoulder you will love it!My wife and I brought our two young children here on a recent trip to Chicago.  Not only was the food creative, well-crafted and delicious, but the wait staff were very accommodating to our sometimes-fidgety kids. Based on it's configuration (bistro-bench style seating) and crowd (trendy), you wouldn't peg this as a kid-friendly restaurant, but it is, simply because of their great, laid-back attitude.  And thank you, waiter, for actually having a good knowledge of your wine list and helping select a bottle based on our preferred flavor profiles and food choices.My wife and I had a wonderful meal, served at a relaxing pace, in a fun atmosphere surrounded by great attitude. This is what restaurants should be.Did I just die and land in a Dwell magazine house? Nope. Its just that Avec's decor is that cool.Likes: shaved Brussels sprout salad; Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates; their take on a Nestle crunch bar (thin chocolate shavings with the crispy crunch included!); Trofie pasta (husband only); our friendly waitress; oh yeah and the super friendly host that poured bubbly while we waited for a table.Dislikes: how awful my stomach felt after eating the spicy (albeit tasty) chorizo.If I am back in Chicago, I'd try a few other places, but would definitely return to Avec.Food is fresh, creatively prepared and features wonderful flavors.  A must-hit if you're ever in Chicago.  The founding chef is now the Obamas' personal White House chef.  Fantastic wine list and the interior is very minimalist, which I like.  They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait, especially if you go on a weekend night.  The waitstaff were great.  Our table ended up tipping way over and the waitress was kind enough to point it out and give us money back, so we just ended up giving her a little bonus.  Try the bacon wrapped dates, focaccia and crostini.This is truly one of those places that's not only good, but truly unique. After my visit to Chicago, I still look for places that are "Avec like" wherever I am.I came into Chicago on a Thursday evening and after getting off the plane and taking the train into the city to drop off my bags, Avec was the first place I headed to. For a place that doesn't take reservation, I was at first a little shocked that the wait was an hour long at 9pm. But having friends reassure me that this was worth the wait, we just grabbed a few beers and waited outside.They had a great beer selection - I had just returned from Spain not too long ago and I was very surprised to see one of my favorite Spanish beer on the menu. While the restaurant space itself is smaller than one would think, but the atmosphere in there is great. The food is unique - in a good way. Smaller portions that encourage you to share with your party while having great conversation. The chorizo-stuffed dates is a must. That might be one of the best single bites I've ever put in my mouth. The pork shoulder was tender and very nicely done. Of the 5 things we ordered, I did not find a single thing I could complain about. This place is what every restaurant should be like... unpretentious, simple menu with sophisticated flavors... If I'm ever in Chicago again, Avec is for sure going to be one of the places I'll be eating at.If you don't want to wait, go early and avoid the crowd. If you can't make it there early, the wait is well worth it... =)I don't normally bother reviewing restaurants with 500 reviews, but just felt the need to reiterate how awesome this restaurant is.  We strolled her after a day at Pitchfork looking like we'd spent the day at a festival.  Luckily, it was early, around 6:30 on a Saturday night so we didn't look out of place with the tourists.The white fish was spectacular, the green salad incredibly fresh.  The server at the bar was very helpful and poured a few glasses to my lovely companion before we settled on a white, then a red, and another red, etc...Of course, our night wouldn't be complete without a cheese plate.  They accommodated our request for a hard, stinky and soft cheese that all complemented each other well.  By the time the well dressed and polished diners were waiting outside for a table, we were on our way out tipsy and satisfied!I have been waiting to try Avec for a very long time, and my COO was in town, so I thought I'd take him to an iconic Chicago eatery.  I was waiting to say to myself, another overrated restaurant.  IT is NOT! It's everything everyone writes on here.  We had the stuffed dates, the duck confit, pork shoulder, the chicken with pomegranate, the crab dip, focaccia, and the antipasto as well as the flank steak.  I wasn't thrilled with the antipasto, but it just wasn't my taste.  Everything else was utterly perfect beyond words. The chicken was moist and succulent with subtle flavors. The presentation looked ilke a Christmas ornament over a door!  My favorite was the duck!  Ohhh....the duck....the duck...the duck....moist, tender, tasty with a beautiful array of lightly seasoned flavors.  The seasonings for their food in general is so incredible!  The atmosphere is fun. Along with 2 from my office, we had 2 from our home office in Raleigh and it convinced even these down-home southerners that nouvelle cuisine can be incredible to anyone!  We eventually shared our table with 4 Italians from Milan, and we helped them order their food.  It's part of the charm of Avec.  What an incredible dining experience overall!!!!Cheers everyone! My new Chicago fav!The food here is very good. They give you a good amount of food considering most restaurants won't for the prices that they charge. I had the tripe and octopus stew, the bacon wrapped dates with chorizo, and the slow cooked pork. Everything was cooked great and i have to say i enjoyed the stew the most. I wish i hadn't ordered the stew and the pork because they were both similar consistency which made it harder to enjoy it following a heavy dish. The seating is rather awkward because you are sharing a table with other people and it is rather small. Other than that, the wait staff is friendly and very helpful. I would recommend it but it may be a while before I return.The wait and well thought out wood clad, very small dining area will be greeted with absolute satisfaction after dining here. The service was the best I've been presented with--my boyfriend and I sat at the bar, and though I regret not catching his name, his suggestions were spot on. Pumpkin Tahini. Please, order the Pumpkin Tahini. If I was feeling gluttonous I would have ordered it twice. Though--to the suggestion of our waiter, we ordered a large plate to share, as well as each ordering a small plate. For the large plate, we ordered the deluxe focaccia. The waiter suggested having a glass of the Spanish Albarino. It paired perfectly with the taleggio and ricotta cheese. Definitely order this white wine if ordering the focaccia. We ended the night on the Nutter Butter and Affogato as our two desserts. I personally much enjoyed the Affogato better, but was not disappointed with the Nutter Butter, which came as four small squares. If willing to pay the expensive price, you will not be disappointed with this amazing luxury dining.Love this place! Communal seating and all... Things to do if you go:1. Eat anything out of the wood-burning oven (almost everything spends a little time there)2. Wine, wine, wine... try as many as you can. Each glass is accompanied by a mini decanter - filled with what wouldn't fit in the glass.3. The soap and lotion in the bathrooms are awesome... I need to remember the brand of that stuff... anyone?Needless to say the location and chef means pricey. But well worth it in my book. Bring clients there to wow them (and so you can write off the bill).They have a venison stew with plums and potatoes that is pretty much the richest and tastiest meat stew  I have ever had.  (yeah I know, Bambi, yuck.  But trust me it was REALLY good)Good wine list, friendly staff, even the chefs are nice.  And I am a big fan of the open kitchen I like to see the action.Not a real big fan of the communal seating, but hey, if you are semi-social you can sometimes meet some interesting people.It seems to be a dividing issue, but I personally like the interior quite a lot.  Simple, clean, but still warm and comfortable.Flat out amazing dining experience. Our waiter was a smart foodie and gave great recommendations. The family-style seating potentially makes it the wrong place for a date, but is fun if you don't need an intimate dinner. The primary topic of conversation at our table was, of course, how freaking delicious everything was.Let me lead with what I ate:Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauceWood-oven braised pork shoulder with chestnut-bacon dumplings, buttercup squash, puff pastry and fresh herbsricotta cheesecakeOk, the thing about the dates..how everybody says you HAVE to have them..they're not lying. It's probably the best comfort food I have ever eaten. The idea alone for stuffing dates with a pork product..and then wrapping them in another equally as good pork product is legendary. I could have eaten probably 7 of them. They should have contests on how many you can eat like the lamb fries in Great Outdoors except these are not testicles..they're dates. Way better..in my opinion.The pork shoulder (which I learned is cooked on a 12 hour braise over night) was great. Separately it was not as good as the eaten together. I'll explain. If you ate the pork, then ate the dumpling, then ate the squash..they are all very good. Put those suckers together and you have a party the likes of Rick James AND George Clinton in your mouth. You think that's not possible? Try it. Strap in first because that's one crazy party.The only thing that outshines the food is the service. Seriously top rate. The bus is on top of everything, but not intrusive, and the waiter/bartender/concierge is informative, likeable, and honest. He made the night. If you've read my reviews, I'm stingy about giving out a ton of 5-stars, but this one is well deserved. My only regret is going alone. Small plates are better enjoyed amongst a group.. more small plates = more gooderFor those of us who won't or can't frequent the neighboring Blackbird; there is Avec. Owned and operated by the same folks Avec offers superb culinary creations at fine-dining appetizer prices. The ambiance is tres "apres-ski" with long wooden share tables, exposed timber, and an open kitchen concept. I enjoy sitting at the chefs table, or the seats located in skillet view, and watching the pros at work. Wood-fired pizza going into the oven, entree adornments being carefully arranged, and the occasional double-dip taste test. My mouth often waters for a few of their small plates including: The chorizo stuffed madjool dates with smoked bacon and paquillo pepper-tomato sauce; the crispy chicken thigh with spicy harissa, braised chickpeas, butternut squash and cilantro; and fabulous collection of cheese.Not an ideal place for an out-of-town party of seven. We know that, but with half our foodie party from SF we know small, swank restaurrants like Avec can accomidate. This was not the case. Put our name down at 6:20 and at 8:30 the unfriendly and unaccomidating hostess told us that the guests at our table were going to enjoy their seats until their train left 45minutes after 9:00 with no desire to gently encourage them to leave so other guests can experience this place. Famished, we left and headed to another place where we were warmly welcomed and were able to enjoy our meal. And to the Japanese restaurant two doors down from Avec, especially the manager Herb,  thank you for being great hosts while we waited for over two hours to try that place. If we didn't have sushi virgins with us, we would've ordered everything on the menu. Aurevoir, Avec.Wow. I should stop there, but I won't. Four of us dined at Avec last weekend, and it was remarkable. Avec does not take reservations, but we just had a bottle of wine outside. We started off with the chorizo-stuffed dates, olives, and a cheese plate. The dates are a must, and the other two were great too. Next was the cheese-stuffed focaccia bread. If you don't like ricotta dripping out of delicious focaccia bread, this dish is not for you. If you are sane and you do, GET IT! We ended with crispy sockeye salmon, soft-shell crabs, and the pork shoulder. All were great. The salmon had a delightfully crispy skin. The pork shoulder. Goodness. It was the best dish (of many great ones) by a fair margin. It is brined and then roasted for 12 hours. It literally  falls apart, and it is bursting with flavor from the brining process. On top of offering up interesting and tasty dishes (and great service), Avec is a sensational value. All of this and two bottles of wine (after we sat down) was $200. We'd have gladly paid double that.  If you're in Chicago and you want great food, a cool atmosphere, and a great value, Avec is the place to be.I loved this place! Went for brunch before a trip to the Art Institute.The seating is at one big communal table - so I wouldn't recommend this for people who don't feel comfortable with that. Started off with a lovely cucumber & greens salad with lemon vinaigrette. Very good. Then we had this baked egg served in a croque with roasted vegetables and this fantastic sauce. Highlight of the meal! Perfectly cooked.Ended with Ricotta stuffed foccacia. Now I gotta be honest - it was very heavy. However, this is a place where you are supposed to just take little bites of everything, so thats ok with me!The only thing I didn't like was the service. Our waitress was very cold. Other than that great expirience!Wish that there were more restaurants like this.  Good food, simple modern decor, friendly staff, great place for a group of people.   I love the fact that the food is served family style.   It reminds you that food is not just about nourishment and pleasing the senses - it's also about connecting with friends and people around you.  Staff was super about trying to cram our group of 8 in on a Tuesday evening letting the first 4 of our group sit down.  Highlights of dinner:  sausage stuffed medjool dates, excellent dilled corn and fennel bruschetta, crispy roasted chicken breasts with honey roasted chestnuts & squash (my favorite), baked red snapper with olive tapenade and green grape garnish, braised pork shoulder.   All excellent and delicious!Dress in layers - the space gets very hot (b/c of the wood fired stove) and cold (b/c of the strong air conditioning).I gave it 4 stars because it is tough sitting there for the hours it takes to savor the scrumtous food in a chair with no back, the food smells permiated my clothing and it's tropically hot in there. Other than that I had a great time!It is a culinary delight of tiny new adventures with each new plate of food they bring to the table. I cant wait to go back.Tapas is the greatest invention because it lets you try all different types of food in one sitting. If you really love it, too bad because you dont want to get more of the same, you want to try EVERYTHING. And if you hate it (doubtful here), dont worry because its not like you got a huge plateful and youre stuck eating it all.The waitress we had was superb. She gave us all sorts of suggestions with our dishes and cheese choices and even wine reccomendation. The whole staff is super attentive. They will never let your water or wine glass go empty.Great little communal dining, tapas style restaurant.I love Avec's space, it kind of feels like you are dining in a wooden shipping container (in a stylish and funky way). The food is extremely tasty, though very light on in the vegetarian department: Veggie wise, the olives are brilliant, as is the citrus salad (which they can make sans cheese). The cauliflower crostini are awesome (NB: though they have a little cream in them). Non veggie wise, my dining companions raved about the stuffed dates and the cod.Awesome wine list!!!This is another spot my foodie friend recommended. We actually ate at its brother restaurant next door called "Blackbird" about seven years ago and enjoyed it very much. *sigh*. There was a long wait for this restaurant that seats only about 50 people but with good company it went by quickly. It was well worth it because we got seated at the "chef's counter", the best seats in the house if you appreciate cooking.  We sat right in front of the chef! What a treat that was. We saw him cook all the dishes. Everything was so freshly made. He was so busy but very in control of the kitchen. Tapas we ordered were:1. Butter lettuce with red onions, red beets in cream garlic dressing - we ordered this because we needed to eat some ruffage.2. The infamous chorizo-stuffed madjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce - this was quite a unique dish. The sweetness of the dates with the saltiness of chorizo sausage and bacon in a sauce with a kick.3. Beef pot roast with onions, carrots on a bed of cumin and other spices carrot puree , topped with carrot salad - delicious. This was our favorite!4. slow roasted crispy duck leg with marinated plums, tarragon, grilled onion and savory streusel - our least favorite. The duck was dry.5. cheese platter - we forgot what the three cheeses were but they were all hard cheeses. All very delicious. We got the quince paste, marcona almonds, orange and date compote complimentary since they gave it to us by mistake. We had our fill of the warm whole wheat ciabatta that accompanied our meal.  The fish looked awesome but it was too big for the 2 of us to eat, maybe next time. We had no room for dessert. I did start with the moscato wild strawberry which was light and refreshing.I wish there were places like this in Los Angeles!!!One of the nicer places we ate dinner at on our trip.  In fact, it's so fancy they don't want any cell phones out while you're there.  It was pricey for not that much food, but the atmosphere and experience made up for it.  My favorite were the coffee braised pork ribs.  They were delicious and tender...melted in my mouth and fell right off the bone!  The chorizo stuffed dates w/bacon were also pretty good.  Sweet and meaty.  The place is much smaller than I expected and I think it looks way cooler in the pictures than it does in real life.  The kitchen closes at midnight and the bar closes at 3am.  We thought there would be an area to hang out at all night, but it's not really that type of place.  All in all, I'm glad I got to have at least 1 nice sit down dinner on my vacay and I enjoyed the food, but I still left hungry.Overall 4.5 stars for creativity + presentationUnexpected flavor/ingredient pairings tickles your mind and mouth alike.clam corn flatbread - impossibly/unexpectedly delicious combo despite initial skepticism, flatbread had great texture - light/chewybeet crostini - light, refreshing - perfectly tossed beet salad tops an unexpected single crostini (shareable size), might have been pan-fried whitefish - one of the best fish dishes I've ever ordered, perhaps a stroke of luck, but pan-fried to perfection, incredibly fresh fishbrie foccacia - indulgent herbed brie sandwiched between savory flatbreadmilk-braised pork shoulder - mild, pleasingchorizo rigatoni - the only less-than-noteworthy dish, rigatoni was perfectly al dente, but flavors were less creative than other offeringsless than full 5 stars due to auxiliary/non-cuisine reasons: no bar area (standing room only/30-seat resto = bar converts to dinner seating), limited bar service/no cocktail menu, outdoor space poorly utilized (no alfresco)Alright, going to start off by saying thumbs up to this joint! Avec was suggested by some Chicago-by-NOLA friends of mine but upon arriving in Chi, I didn't think I was going to make it there. Fortunately for me (and my better half) our friend we went to see perform suggested this spot after his gig. Imagine my excitement (seriously, try it)! We get to the restaurant and BAM, the hostess is a new transport from New Orleans! I like it already! ;) We wait for a good while and the staff, although we were standing around not at a table, were super-friendly (same goes for the owner- - he is how we found out about the hostess being from NOLA). We get seated and get the most incredible server... and of course, I can't remember her name (/facepalm), she is blonde, has at least half-sleeve tattoos and was VERY attentive and suggestive. Great, great, GREAT! From what I remembered ordering:the white fish dish: INCREDIBLE! This was our server's suggest. The flavors were incredible.Medjool dates: GREAT! Yelp suggestion.Hangar steak: real winner... another server suggestthe Chicken: first off, I hate chicken but this chicken was awesome. It wasn't stringy... just juicy (such a bad word).All in all, this place was great. Waiting in line for the bathrooms wasn't bad either because it smelled like rich, heavy espresso. Mmmm.For some reason Avec didn't impress me like some other Chicago spots we visited. The service was good and the restaurant had an energy, but I didn't find the food very memorable. The signature chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce was good, and I really appreciated the careful use of piquillo peppers which I often find overpowering. The marinated hanger steak with summer squash, asparagus, apricot and bone marrow was my favorite dish of the night. The steak was perfectly cooked and the richness of the bone marrow put if over the top. My favorite of the night. I was really disappointed in the charred octopus salad with marinated limas and roasted brussels sprout leaves because it was served chilled. I was expecting a warm salad but the cold temperature didn't let the flavors sing. Liked the crispy pork belly crostini with peaches, marinated kale and white beans, but it lacked cohesion. The chocolate crepes with mascarpone and housemade 'nutella' was surprisingly pedestrian. Overall Avec was okay, but not the eyes-rolling-back-OMG dining experience I was looking for.WOW!  Avec was just simply amazing.  The place is pretty small and can get noisy but when you're eating the chorizo stuffed figs and flatbread, you will forget about everything and just enjoy some of the best food you've ever had.  The staff is very friendly and will always suggest the best wine to go with your meal  We had the figs, flatbread and pork shoulder and each one had a unique taste.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  Keep in mind though the place is small and has long communal tables so you will be sitting directly next another party but that really adds to the whole atmosphere of Avec.  It's really about people enjoying great food and sharing it with others.However, the only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars was the 2 hour wait.  Avec is another restaurant that has joined the growing trend of not allowing reservations.  I get it.  It builds a buzz and makes the place look jumping.  But since Avec has no bar, they make you wait in a little fenced in area on the sidewalk.  Not bad if the weather is decent but can't imagine too many people would want to wait out there in February, even with the heat lamps.  Was the food worth the wait? Uhhh...YEAH! But I still think 2 hours is a bit too long.  Maybe think about a reservation system.I wish I took a photo of each dish, but I remember having a plate of olives. Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon...I mean ham. Half a chicken. Some Duck. Two Desserts that were great with the red wine I had. 2 bottles of wine with a good amount of food and dessert ran about $170. For 3 people, that's not bad at all. This type of restaurant you don't see near the Joliet area, so it was interesting. The place is very hip here with all the young professionals, and the loud music mixing with the loud conversations from the tables. Also, make sure you drink enough water because you may dehydrate as it can get kinda hot as the kitchen is right by the bar.I would return again for some drinks for sure. If I have the money to burn I will return for some high quality eats.300+ reviews and averaging almost 5 stars.  I think that sums it up pretty well.Avec is probably one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Every dish had surprisingly unique flavors - we were tasting combinations that I haven't had before, but it made perfect sense.Our table of four got the dates (amazing!), salami, boudin, and a few other dishes.  All were fantastic.  And topped off with an amazing cake for dessert.There's a wait, and communal dining is a bit awkward, but it's all about the food.  This is kitchen execution of the top class variety.  And to get out the door with such an excellent meal at less than $50 a person - including drinks - is amazing.  Just great!Upon my first visit to Avec, I never made it past the door.  I peered in, and decided this was no restaurant for me.  The small interior, which only seats around 50 people and resembles a sauna, was loud and packed.  Obviously, the completely communal seating did not appeal to my anti-social mood.  I did not feel like sitting next to another group of patrons.  Of course, I probably would not have to talk to them, but I would definitely feel obligated to make a little small talk.  Instead, I went to Blackbird (located next door) and had a fabulous meal in a subdued environment, at my own table (albeit the tables at Blackbird are awfully close together). It so happens that I made my way back to Avec on a few occasions afterwards.  Most of these were during times when the restaurant was not as crowded, such as early in the evening and during the week.  And, despite the environment, the food at Avec is fabulous (run by the same people as Blackbird).    The menu items are designed for sharing and focus on Mediterranean cuisine.  Some of my favorites include the "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs and the chorizo-stuffed and bacon-wrapped dates.   Avec also offers an interesting wine list, with wines from France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal, many of them lesser known.  Most of the wines are moderately priced and many can be ordered in carafinas. Keep in mind that Avec does not accept reservations, so be prepared to wait.  However, the only problem with the wait is, is there is no place to wait when the restaurant is busy!My fiancee and I went on a Friday night around 6pm and luckily the wait wasn't bad at all. Instead of the communal seating, we opted for bar seating which worked out better for us. We were seated right in front of the chef and didn't have anyone next to us, just our own little area. We started off our dining experience with some wine and beer, both of which was not overpriced like typical restaurants. Here's what we ordered and a short review of each item...- chorizo-stuffed dates: very good but i wish there was a better chorizo to date ratio. too much chorizo and not enough dates...- brussel sprouts: not what i expected but it was perfect with all our other dishes. it gave a fresh and clean feel.- hanger steak: steak was cooked perfectly. must eat the steak with a little bit of everything else that's in the dish especially the strawberry. it gives you a better taste of the whole dish.  - pork shoulder: yum and stewy :) the pork is so tender and flavorful. the stew was really good. my fiancee even used the bread to soak in the stew since it was so good.check came out to be around $100-130 including tip and tax, i believe. great meal and not expensive at all :)This place is probably impossible to get into if you're in a group of 4 or more. Fortunately, we went as a group of 2 and were seated immediately.If you're not comfortable sharing a space with other people, this may not be the place for you. We were seated among a table of 6 at the table edge and when they finished their meal, we had to interrupt our dining to let them out of the booth we were sitting at. But I'm okay with that, I just charged a tariff on table movement...."if you want to get out to go to the restroom, you give me a bit of whatever you're having."  =] That's what places like these are all about, creating an eating community. That's arguably the essence of "Avec" which means "with" in French, you're dining "with" others and your experience should be shared. It's a valuable concept that's been lost in America, which excessively elevates the value of exclusivity.The food we had was good, portions ample. Among two people you'd do good to share 4 small plates or 2 large plates or 2 small and 1 large. We went with 4 small plates for variety and were pleased with 3 out of 4.Everyone raves about the figs and it's warranted because they're really good. But I'm honestly getting a little tired of the reliance on bacon to add flavor and wrapping it around things to add panache to foods. This wouldn't have been so bad had I not noticed that they added bacon to their watercress pasta small plate, rendering what could be a good option for vegetarians obsolete. Nevertheless the watercress pasta with bacon and spring vegetable medley (asparagus, artichoke, and fava bean) was really hearty and tasty. The pasta came as a rectangular sheet, which was topped with breadcrumbs. Great texture, though would've wished to taste more of the watercress bite in the pasta.Was not happy with the cuttlefish. The cuttlefish was cooked really well, some of the most tender I've had in my life, but the flavor of the sauce it was resting in was such a let down when compared to the red bell pepper sauce of the dates.Had the beef and pork sausage as well that was served with cannelini beans. VERY flavorful, if not a little bit too salty. We had to ask for extra bread to mellow out the saltiness of the sauce it came with; then again I would've asked for more bread anyway because the bread is amazing! Freshly baked in their in-house wood-fired oven. Crispy crust  with light, airy interior. We could not resist asking for 3 small rounds throughout our meal.Dessert was innovative, offering a house chocolate candy plate in place of your usual cake/pastry. It was cardstock paper thin pieces of milk and dark chocolate peppered with crispy, sweet crumbles of feulletine (crepe flakes). An entire plate of this chocolate "bark" is too much for two people. It became onerous to eat, and really would have been more classy if just given as a complimentary sweet at the end of the meal, one piece per person, kind of like a fortune cookie. Service was good. Our glasses were filled with water at all times. Wine was replenished. The pacing of our meal was also good, plates given sequentially as we finished each one, despite a VERY busy service.In truth there may be some refining to be done with some of the dishes but I do love what this place represents and am anxious to see the food evolve over time.Will have to try the flatbread in the future, along with more substantial desserts.After our flight arrived in Chicago, we went to Avec for Dinner.  We got there around 10pm on a Thursday night, and were seated right away as it was not too crowded.  The decor is very modern and sleek.  We ordered four plates - the chorizo stuffed dates, octopus salad, pork belly and hanger steak.  The dates and the octopus was unlike anything I have ever had.  The dates were the right amount of sweet and savory with an amazing texture.  The octopus was incredibly tender and tasted very fresh and refreshing, which was perfect after a long day.  The hanger steak was nicely cooked, but i was not a fan of the side/garnish on the plate.  Plus, the accompanying marrow tasted a lot stronger than the marrow I have had in the past (in a bad way).  The pork belly was just ok (small amount of pork belly which was overwhelmed by the other ingredients).  I forgot what beers I tried, but definitely a good selection of drinks as well.  If i had just had the dates and octopus, i would give them 5 stars, but as I was not so impressed with the other dishes, I'll give them 4 stars.  Whenever I go back to Chicago, I will definitely be picking up more of those dates!Every dish had a rich, vibrant flavor that satisfied the taste buds. My boyfriend and I took his 85-year-old grandmother there on a Saturday around 4:30pm. There was no wait, but by 5:30 there were people standing inside and outside. In our group, everyone left happy. The chorizo dates are fantastic.lol I laugh at some of these reviews. My sister loves this place and used to live close to this restaurant which is why we frequented this several times.Menu: Most of what you order is delicious. I can't remember the names. The bacon wrapped chorizo date thing is amazing. Their bread is warm and soft. I just remember not liking the Red Snapper. Fresh, but not my personal favorite. Everything else is really really good.Service: I liked it. Once we got to sit at the bar by where the chef prepares everything. He has one heck of a tiny space to work with but it was amazing watching him work it. :) He was really nice too.Atmosphere: The decor reminds you of a sauna. Posh in that sense. You sit close to others so if you're anti-social this is not the place for you. It gives the restaurant good energy.The Wait: We went here a lot last summer and it was always busy. We almost always had to wait bc it was so popular. Any Cons: Can be a bit pricey. It's not super expensive, but you won't find a cheap menu here. I think it's worth it though. :)I love this place for many reasons.  Good cost for amazing food you receive.  Simple decor.  Most of all the food is the star.  Tried:1) Leeks with Meyer lemon on bread2) Roasted smelts3) Chorizo stuffed dates with smoked bacon4) Duck sausage brioche5) Desert of ricotta cake with a kumquat marmaladeEverything was wonderful.  Someone mentioned that the food was "heavy".  Don't care, it's amazing.  The duck brioche was the star of the above line up!Wow great food, cool decor.  I was there Tuesday 11/2.  I came to this restaurant solo and got seated right away... who says you shouldn't eat alone?  Big fan of the chorizo stuffed dates and the apple salad.  I make a hell of a chorizo stuffed date and found myself taking a couple notes on how to enhance my recipe.  Since it was just me I couldn't try everything, but I assure you I was stuffed by the time I left this place.  Avec is missing one star for two very good reasons:  1) The waiting area sucks!  What the hell were you guys thinking?  It felt like a mosh pit.  Either you wait out in the cold, get slammed into by the door, or are breathing on someone as you who is trying to eat their dinner.  There is no way not to be in the way!  It would have been -2 stars but I got seated in 5 minutes.  2)  The server behind the bar was clueless - a brown haired guy who was super inattentive and had a personality like a rock.  He needs to be demoted to a bus boy and the bus boy who was both attentive and fun to banter with should be the server.  Management take note.  Normally 2 issues = -2 stars, but the food was that good.What everyone says is true, Avec is wonderful.  We came in here last week because we needed to sit down for a late lunch/early dinner before attending an event at a gallery nearby at 5pm. We started with three different types of cheeses.  The waitstaff was extremely helpful and patient as my pregnant companion tried to narrow down cheeses that were safe for her to eat (only one of them was).  Oh, delicious cheeses, how I loved thee!  We then moved on to the chorizo stuffed dates.  Upon eating this little nugget from heaven I had an orgasm.  I am serious, I can't remember the last time a bite of food was such magic in my mouth.  YOU.  MUST.  ORDER.  THIS.We also had the whitefish, which was tasty, and the hanger steak, which was forgettable.  I had a glass of vinho verde which was perfect and delicious."What a wonderful experience.  It is not cheap, by any means, but it is well worth it.Why would you ever go to Girl and the Goat when Avec is right down the road? You will get WAY better food at a WAY more reasonable price point. The hubby and I went to Avec for dinner on a Sunday night when there was no work on Monday as a little treat. First, I love the decor in this place. I love all the wood. And the wine bottle wall in the back...how cool is that?We had the whipped brandade, which was like a mashed potato dip. I know that sounds disgusting, especially served with bread, but it was amazing. We also had the stuffed dates. My husband firmly believe we should have ordered 3 of these and called it a meal. Hahaha.  We also had some sort of tuna flatbread that was awesome and a salad that tasted like a pretty forest in my mouth. Go to Avec. It is a good life decision.Finally had a chance to stop by Avec and it was everything and more!Most importantly, the food was creative and delicious.  Meant to be shared, the three of us (all girls) had three small plates and one large; it was more than enough food, I would have kept eating if I hadn't been so stuffed.  The standouts were the grilled hanger steak with minty horseradish slaw (served rare and sublime) and the pasta of the day, an octopus, red peppers, pancetta and bucatini creation.  The wine list is extensive and they serve by the quarter liter (250ml, about 2 glasses) which is a great value for interesting bottles.It was insanely packed but the gods were on our side since we were seated within 10 minutes of arriving (Friday night at 7)  It's a cramped, yet cool looking space and decently loud, not the place for a romantic dinner but rather a boisterous catch-up dinner with loud friends.  Our waiter, attentive with stunning blue eyes, was very nice and not at all bothered by the fact that we weren't ready to order the first three times.  Five stars for excellent food, service, and a rocking good time, great way to start the night.  Good value too, final bill was $80 plus tip (including wine and coffee, no dessert)This place already has 60 reveiws and I think it's a good place.  Great wine selection and fun atmosphere.  You can really get to know your neighbor cause you sit right next to them!  Cool if you like that.  This place reminds me of A.O.C. in Los Angeles.  So if you like A.O.C. and are in the Chicago area, check this place out.  I still like A.O.C. better though.  So Chicago visitors... check out A.O.C.!I was very excited to venture over to the east side of halsted on Randolph Street to finally see what the hubbub was for Avec.  Although communal dining is like my least favorite thing so it losses a little street cred from me.   So the decor is very minimal and since it was nice out the front of the place was open with a few outdoor tables as I recall.  Our server was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  We arrived around 6pm and although all of us were not there it was a slow night so the hostess seated us immediately.  (FYI: They don't take reservations.)  Everything is suggested to be communal eating so we enjoyed the following:olives: fresh and delicious varietywerp farm greens: not the greatest salad I have ever had but it was pleasantchorizo stuffed dates: I highly recommend this.  I know that its like a think to get dates in general that have bacon or chorizo associated with it on a menu, but these were in a delicious sauce that made it almost like a spicy meatball that had a sweet component with the dates.foccacia with riccotta:  we were not as impressed with this as we thought we would be since it was a house item that is always on the menu.  If you're not that into ricotta then don't get it, but if you love it, this is right up your alley.pork shoulder: THE BEST thing I had here.  I don't even know where to start or how to explain that every bite was different, every bite was good the whole marriage of everything in the dish made it delectable.nutter butters: So cute and not at all like the kids snack.  More like a little nugget of peanut buttery goodness.Would like to come back and try some other items, because everything was done very well.So we visited Avec after a recommendation from a friend who lived in Chi town for a while. He said that this was his hands down favorite place in Chicago, but it was his favorite restaurant in the world. He's quite a foody so we knew we had to visit.Lets just say Avec did not disappoint. The 2 of us had 3 small plates and 2 large plates (probably a little too much food. 3 smaill plates and 1 large would have filled us up). We had the cod, the dates, duck sausage, focaccia, and pork shoulder. The food was amazing. Everything was full of flavor and the prices very reasonable. Portion sizes for many tapas places in San Fran are much smaller than the portion sizes at Avec. We also had  250 ml of wine for 14 bucks. The wine list while not large, had some very good wines for reasonable prices. All in all, if you are looking for some great food, with good portion sizes, fun atmosphere, and reasonably priced wine, this is a GREAT place to visit.I came here with a friend, she got it recommend from her cater. Everything here was really tasty. I don't think you can go wrong with anything. Little tapas to share! I love it! **The interior looks like a wooden sauna, which adds a lot to the place! Come excited, leave delighted!I was way less than psyched about sitting way too close to an obnoxiously loud drunk during dinner, but the food did (almost) make up for the annoying communal tables. I get that communal tables can be oh so avant garde and edgy - but seriously, I would've preferred more privacy. Thank goodness, the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce was able to distract me from my surroundings. My taste buds had a serious party when the dates touched my tongue. You have to get the dish when you go - do not pass it up. In fact, get two orders. Or three. Perhaps four. Mind-blowing, orgasmic, tantalizing stuffed dates aside, the brussels sprouts were actually quite delicious.  We also ordered the braised pork shoulder and it was good, however, nothing outstanding. The waitress forgot our monk fish, but surprisingly, the 3 dishes filled us up quite well. This is a place that I'd definitely return to when I go back to Chicago. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu and of course, devour more dates.My friends and I came here for early dinner and were sat immediately. It wasn't busy at all and plenty of seating available (communal style). But, not a lot of seating in general. I was a little peeved by our waiter. Although he was kind, he wasn't very attentive. When we were waiting to get our orders taken, he was talking to the host. But, maybe I was just peeved because I was hungry and wanted my order taken NOW! We ordered the olives, flatbread, cous cous salad, and hangar steak. All delicious, of course. I was a bit disappointed with the flatbread because menu said it had mussels and clams, but they were only on like..one small portion of the entire flatbread. You couldn't really taste it.We also got dessert. It was some sort of blueberry tart with lemon ice cream, I believe? It was nothing extraordinarily special, but it was delicious. The blueberries tasted fresh and delectable. Yum yum!I'll give it 3.5 stars. I'd go again to try the rest of the menu because everything sounded sooo good.This restaurant came highly recommended as most everyone who'd been here, told me about how amazing this place was! So as my 2 year tenure in Chicago came to an end, a friend of mine finally "dragged" me to Avec. We got there around 9pm on a Tuesday night and it was still packed inside. Alas, since they don't take recommendations, we had to wait for about 30 minutes after which we were seated at the bar.Based on recommendations we started with the chorizo stuffed dates which were quite good! We also had a salad and a really good flatbread type pizza! The food was really quite good. The only negative was that they ran out of the dessert we wanted :( But I really did like the place and it definitely lived up to the expectations! The bill was actually fairly decent which was probably due to the fact we didn't drink - although I hear their wine selection is quite good.I went here on a weeknight with a couple of friends, according to them there wasn't a long wait.We had the following:  Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. It looks to be the most recommended dish here, and actually, it was not my favorite. I thought it was quite salty.My favorite dish was Focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs. It looks like a square pizza and it was drippingly good, we killed the entire thing.Our eyes were a bit big and we ordered - over-ordered - for three people. I think that maybe 1 starter and 2 - 3 entrees were good, but we went for 2 starters and 3 entrees. We also had the housemade bratwurst (tasty), roasted half chicken - very very moist, large portion, and the roasted pork shoulder. All the food was made well and comforting, but I think that we were so stuffed near the end that we didn't keep track of what it tastes like.Wait staff was hilariously attentive but sometimes wanted to remove dishes before we were ready - we made a joke out of it.If you are a fan of sister restaurant Publican you will definitely like Avec as well.My dinner at Avec was one of the most memorable experiences. Yes I sat at the bar and the seats weren't the most comfortable, but I can live with that. The chorizo dates and deluxe foccacia were awesome. The pork shoulder was good but I wasn't in the mood to eat it after the dates, foccacia and hangar steak. The hangar steak was tasty, but seriously - I wouldn't say it's the marquee dish here. Get the dates, get the foccacia, and experiment with another dish or two. Chicago, you won me over with Avec.Third stop at this place and the food never disappoints. The place is designed well, clean looking in it's aesthetic without being too pretentious. The wood feels warm and homey and so does the food. The tastes seem all familiar and comfort like although the combinations are nothing one would attempt at home. This trip out started with a crostini with sun choke spread, radish and salmon roe. Sounds like and odd combo but works so well together. Also had a pasta dish that was really good but nothing too crazy and amazing. The whitefish turned out to be a star to me, cooked to a perfect golden brown crisp on one side served atop a pistachio spread with grapefruit. The combination again sounds nuts but worked so awesome together. I recommend a seat at the bar to view the crazy NYC kitchen sized kitchen they churn out all this amazing food from.The food and options are fantastic...some of the best I've ever tasted.  And the service is first class. Mr. Seitan is an extraordinary guy, so it's no wonder that the place is so popular.Truly amazing.  Took my wife here for our 25th Wedding Anniversary expecting a good meal.  I am not one prone to hyperbole....but I think this is the best meal I ever had.  We were there for their Five Course Meal with Wine Pairings (they only do it a few times  a year).  Pork bellies truly memorable.  Their Sardinia Seafood Plate was sumptuous.  Selection of cheeses was delightful too.  Clearly these guys are doing a great job.  A great place for just about any occasion.  The Wine Selections were tremendous as well.  We will be back!Only suggestion I would make:  would be great if AVEC took reservations on a regular basis (not just special events like the one we attended).Gotta say, this place is overrated. Had I gone into this place with no expectations it would have fared better. The prices, for most things, is reasonable in comparison to other tapas-style places in Chicago, but I felt the quality of the dishes were just okay, especially after reading such raving reviews of these plates. One of the truly redeeming aspects of this restaurant though is not the design (which is great, but management, you have to fix those leaks above the women's restroom dooway!), but the service. Everyone we encountered was always smiling, we felt taken care of without feeling like they were being overbearing. They even allowed us to use a gift card we received to go toward tip, which is a stretch. So we ended up putting in more tip than standard just because they deserved it.As for the food, we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates, the salmon with fava bean puree, the braised pork shoulder w/ clams and rice, and the foccacia. The bacon wrapped dates were good, but they just didn't cut it for me. They were a little too sweet and the flavors didn't seem to meld enough for me. It could have used more sauce to balance out the sweetness, but all in all it the crispy bacony goodness still made it one of the better dishes of the night. The salmon wasn't anything special, it was tender but a little overdone, and it could have used some tartness or acidity to make it more vibrant. The foccacia although was fantastic in its first bite very quickly became too rich for me to consume more than a couple pieces (it's a whole pie). The pork shoulder was probably the best of the night - the clams were briney but tender, the roast pork was just the right texture and tenderness, the rice had soaked up all the goodness of its ingredients. It was delicious. We ended the night with an amaretti cake which was a bit disappointing. The cake was pretty dry, but it was helped tremendously by the whipped cream and strawberries alongside it. Again, service great, prices aren't too bad, but probably not worth the wait.Arrived in Chicago late and really wanted to try this place. Lucky for us it is open late. It was still pretty busy when we arrived. We sat at the bar. The staff was great and very helpful. We ordered the chorizo dates with bacon, the burata with wild mushrooms, the hanger steak and the salmon. We were told the dates were staple and it was very good but not the best of all the things we ate. I love burata so that was great dish nicel;y complemented with mushrooms, but the best was a tie between the steak and the salmon. The Steak with the artichoke and crimini just had so much flavor and was cooked perfectly. But the salmon was the best. It was complete balanced dish from the freshness of the veggies and the crispness of the salmon.We were also suggested a great bottle of wine. Overall it was a wonderful experience and I am glad of the many places I wanted to try while in Chicago this was one of them. Plus did I mention there was burata?Exterior: 3/5 (it's in an okay place in town, right next to Publican.  you can stop by Girl and the Goat which is a few blocks away for some amazing desserts and drinks right after!)Interior: 2/5 (is it beautiful? yes.  is it designed to jam as many people in as possible AND have them in-and-out quickly? yes. does it tout itself as a high-end eatery? yes. i prefer higher-end eating experiences to accommodate comfort and not try to shuffle me out ASAP)Comfort: 0/5 (read below)Cleanliness: 5/5 (it's a very clean spot, with an open kitchen, which I love. the kitchen is spotless. I enjoy seeing the grill used in front of me. the bathroom is beautiful and impeccable)Customer Service: 3/5 (the wait staff is nice, but this place is very popular and crowded. you're easily forgotten about, and must frequently wait around for things. but the food was timely enough)Presentation: 4/5Food Quality: 5/5Food Taste: 3/5Portions: 3-4/5 (well, this is a tapas place, albeit an overpriced one.  what can you expect portion-wise)Drinks: 3/5 (I'm not a big alcohol-drinker, so it's hard for me to judge amongst an array of drinks.  I am an avid Riesling drinker, and the Riesling I had here was not great.  I prefer a sweet and mild Riesling, but had a sour one).-----I rarely give out 3's, but Avec is a solid 3 in my book.  I rate each restaurant relative amongst its type/range in THAT city.  So, no, I'm not rating 3/5 compared to Alinea or some kind of Michelin-star restaurant.  I rate Avec a solid 3/5 out of other restaurants with a similar aura and price range.I had many dishes: the whole roasted fish, roasted swordfish,  roasted pork shoulder, squid amatriciana, of course, the popular chorizo-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates, and I forgot which salad. All in all, I found the fish and squid amatriciana above average, and the pork shoulder average.  The popular chorizo-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates were amazing and my favorite (note- still not the best I've ever had.  I mention this because people RAVE about Avec as if it's one of the best top 15 eateries in town, and I just don't feel this way).  I'm a big fan of this dish, and have had it served different ways in different places (note: my favorite rendition was actually in Barcelona).  The salad was mediocre.In my long list of eateries visited, Avec wasn't memorable but not yet completely forgettable.  It's one of those memories that's barely there, those places I can say I ate at when others ask about it.  Why slightly unforgettable, you ask?  For me, it's for a negative reason.  The seats are so uncomfortable, it's such a small place, and there's so many people crowded together, it's so hard to feel comfortable OR hear your guest well.  I know it's purposefully designed this way so that many are in-and-out, but damn.  I'd be more comfortable sitting on the floor w/a cushion (a.k.a at authentic Asian restaurants).  It DOESN'T help you are unable to hear others next to you.  Lol, forget it if you're thinking of coming here as a 1st date, unless of course, you don't want to hear them and it's just a courtesy first (and last) date, ha.Beautiful restrooms, however.  The design uses light wood everywhere, it's very geometric and angular.  Sharp and clean looking.  Very clean and nice-looking place.  Comfort, as mentioned, is another topic...  There IS a problem with coats, however.  There's no coat check, and you're so crowded, you often have to sit at the bar (no seats), and then it's hard to hold your coat or sit on it.  There's a measly "coat rack" in the corner, but it's out in the open and for a place so busy, it could be easy for your jacket to disappear.  If you wear couture or jackets worth a few hundred minimum, this could be a serious, serious issue and the unpleasant-thought itself may prevent you from eating comfortably without glancing over every so-often.The owner has other restaurants, like Blackbird next door, and Publican.  If I had to pick between the two, I'd pick Blackbird hands down (far roomier), though Blackbird is also known to be another restaurant overrated for it's hype.  Wow, this post makes me feel/sound like a total downer, but I'm really not.  I've just eaten at a lot of good (and bad) restaurants, lol.All in all, my Avec experience was very middle-of-the-road.  I recommend that you do try it, as others seem to like it, and your tastebuds may rate it higher than mine.  If not, at least you can share in the "Avec hype" and know what it is (or isn't) about :)When I first moved out to Chicago, I was lamenting over all the good food I'd be leaving in San Francisco.  That was until I was introduced to Avec.  Although we had a group of six and waited outside for about 2.5 hours on Sat. night (arrived at 7 pm and seated around 9:30 after hanging out at their outdoors waiting area with a few beers, a bottle of red, and a re-fill of the patio heater), I'd have to say it was worth the wait.  I would highly recommend the: chorizo-stuffed madjool dates; prosciutto di parma; wood-fired pizza; wood oven-roasted pork shoulder ribollita; and even though I'm semi-lactose intolerant, their cheeses were worth the risk.Yes, it is quite "the scene" (on average a Land Rover would pull up about every 10 minutes) but you end up seated next to people that you become fast friends with and it only adds to the experience when you pass your dishes to complete strangers and vice versa.The only two drawbacks to this place are 1) it puts a noticeable dent in your wallet, and 2) if you happen to sit along the wall the a/c will be blowing down on you, but the hostess will gladly supply you with one of those shawls that all the girls seem to be wearing these days.I recently went back to Avec to see if they still had it.  I've been to the restaurant a total of 6 or more times now but until this last visit it had been a solid year since I was a patron. It seems to me the patrons have changed and Avec is bringing in more tourists and non-city folk.  I don't think that's bad but the place is tiny and it's loud so the increasing popularity brought it down from 5 to 4 stars for me.  On to the food, the menu has changed and they've added a flatbread pizza which I believe has Robiolla cheese and truffle oil and it was delish.  They also feature chorizo stuffed dates, which can't be missed. The wine has always been excellent here and we always trust the waiter's picks.  Our waiter did a good job on the wine selection but our service got worse once the place got more crowded.  What struck me as odd, was it was very hard to get his attention (not hard to imagine in this tiny loud place) BUT we were trying to leave for 30 minutes while 15-20 people are standing waiting for our seats. My recommendation, visit Avec during an off-peak hour/day but If you haven't tried it, they still got it.MY ALL TIME FAVORITE CHICAGO RESTAURANT! My old roommate used to work here and got me hooked on this place.Absolutely delicious and original menu. Casual fine dining is the way to do it. Great food without the stuffy air. Well not TOO stuffy. The location and reputation brings in people from everywhere. The seating can be a little off putting at first with the long communal table, but once you get seating you get into the space. If you're on your own, sitting at the bar is a great option. Its has a minimalist, contemporary look, but their food is nothing but simple. Try the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. I dream about this dish sometimes. Its incredible. The pork shoulder and squid pasta are also fantastic. Everything on their menu is amazing, you can't go wrong. Of course their wine and beer selection are also solid.This restaurant has a fantastic decor. The backwall is constructed from wine bottles and the entire restaurant is lined with beautiful rustic furniture. This establishment is not a large place, I would recommend arriving early to avoid long waits. You should expect to be seated with strangers since the restaurant has long communal dining tables. If you have a problem with sharing your dining space, this restaurant is not recommended for you. The food is innovative and loaded with tasty bold flavors. On the face of things, many of the items on the menu did not interest me. However, I was pleasantly surprised when the food arrived. Each dish was amazingly good. Love it: Chorizo stuffed dates and wood fired flatbreadLoathe it: N/AThis place is LEGIT. Kinda at a loss for words beyond that. Nothing pretentious about Avec. A wood panel hallway space, kitchen within striking distance of the diners, and a back wall made up of empty green wine bottles gave that "we're all about the food" vibe right off the bat. And boy, in this case, you could judge a book by its cover.*Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce: One of their more popular dishes; meaty, sweet/savory, and gives a spice kick at the end. Delicious and enjoyable to eat.*Wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with cannellini beans, summer squash and cherry mostarda: Did Publican share their secret in preparing pork to Avec?? Because it was THAT good. Oh wait, Avec and Publican are owned by the same ppl, nm. Keep up the good work folks.*Wood-fired flatbread with P.E.I. mussels, clams, smoked corn and fennel: Simple, fresh, just good. I'm going to miss summer ingredients in food when fall comes.I would die happy if I ate here every day. To some extent, I think Avec embodies what Chicago dining is all about. Check it out for yourself, you won't regret it.I visited Avec with 2 friends this weekend in Chicago.  We arrived at 8PM and had a 45 minute wait.  We went next door to Blackbird and enjoyed a few cocktails while waiting for dinner.Although this place is tiny, it was jam packed.  We sat at the communal table ... luckily we were on the end.  The diners next to us immediately made friends with us and suggested some dishes.  Our favorite was the chorizo filled date. I have never tasted anything like it ... it was definitely the highlight of our dinner.  The flavors were very creative.  We also had the salmon as well as hanger steak, which were both really good.   The foccacia was gooey and good, but was not as special as the other dishes.  We had the foie gras, which my friend, a foie gras "expert", really enjoyed.  Overall, we enjoyed this restaurant very much.I definitely had a bad first experience.  I have heard great things about the food and wine; bad things about the atmosphere (noise levels, seating arrangements, seating comfortability).I was fully aware that Avec does not take reservations, so when my girlfriend and I went there, we were told that the wait was about 1 hour.  That was fine by me, so the hostess took my phone number and I went somewhere close to have a drink.  However, as I was walking out, two customers (a guy and a girl) starting getting into a cat fight about who was in line first.  Avec could not have done anything to prevent the argument; however, it definitely soured the mood.  Unfortunately what made dislike Avec is that the hostess never called me to tell me that my reservation was ready!  Everything is about the first impression and mine was not good with Avec.Food 4Ambiance 4Service 4.5O/all 4ishCommunal tables in a tight space with attentive staff throughout. They were especially accommodating to us with a baby and stroller...i really appreciated that.Food with solid and filled with flavor---all 3 dishes we had were delicious--chorizo dates that were the size of large meatballs, oyster mushroom, and squid ink pasta. A limited menu but well balanced.Wine list extensive and generous pours on wines by the glass delivered in a carafeWe had no wait on a fri night at around 6 during labor day wkndIt's comfortable and casual, food is absolutely exquisite and affordable. Our server was knowledgeable and suggested pairings as well as what order the 5 plates we ordered should be served in, creating a true taste experience. My favorite was the 'nduja fatunta.It gets packed at 6:30, we came at 5:45 and got a table for two no problem. Another funny thing is the servers are all in adidas jerseys, which contributes to the comfortable vibe.Avec is one of my top 5 favorite Chicago restaurants. The purpose of this most recent visit was to decide whether the foccacia or squid would be my all time favorite avec dish. Although the foccacia was delicious as usual, I thought it could have used a touch more salt and truffle. The squid on the other hand, was amazing as usual and cemented its place at #1. It doesn't get as much love as the dates or the foccacia or even the pork shoulder, but the combination of super fresh squid, creamy fennel aioli, fresh vibrant tomatoes, and smoky guanciale is ridiculously good. The dates live up to the hype, which is very hard to do.The burrata was also very good, pairing nicely with the golden beets.Current Power Rankings#1 - Squid#2 - Dates#3 - Foccacia#4 - BurrataI went to Avec this past Saturday and I must honestly say it was a horrible experience. My boyfriend and I arrived at 8PM and we knew would have a long wait but were up for that. I told the manager(Liz?) my name, my number, and that I would have the first available opening weather it being at the bar or at a table.  Because it was so crowded in the restaurant we decided to wait in the corridor outside of the restaurant. About 40min into our wait a younger couple walks up to the door (I told them how to get in through the "tricky" door since they had never been there before) and they put their name on the wait list. They decided to wait with us in the corridor. 15 minutes later Liz calls the young man and tells them they have an available table! Before me and my boyfriend who by that time were waiting for an hour!! Isn't this a first come first serve restaurant? I then decided to go in the restaurant and ask Liz how much longer our wait was. She then told me we had 18 more parties ahead of us. Not wanting to make a scene, I decided not to confront her about our obvious pass over and we left. We went to a nearby small plates restaurant (where we were seated right away) and received a phone call from Liz TWO AND A HALF hours after requesting a table.I didn't realize that Avec is a restaurant/club where the manager/bouncer gets to pick and choose who gets in and who doesn't. Liz, I don't know what your criteria is for passing me over but you should be ashamed of yourself! Is this how Chef Kahan wants his restaurant managed? If so, I will have to boycott both Avec and Blackbird.It really is ashame that this happened. I'm in the culinary business and all my fellow colleagues raved about Avec. I'm sure the food is delicious but after this incident I'm not sure if I'm willing to go to Avec or Blackbird ever again.We've been wanting to go to Avec since we moved here in July 2011, and a year and half later, we finally made it! We knew they didn't take reservations so my husband and I went there at 5:30pm on Friday night, and didn't have any trouble getting a table.We shared 3 small plates and 1 large plate, plus two glasses of wine and 2 bottles of beer. The wine came in carafes that held about a glass and a half, so pretty decent for $11-13 each. The Atomium was really awesome Belgium beer, thick with a bit of honey and a crisp finish.Our meal consisted of chorizo stuffed dates, the whitefish, hanger steak, and the pork shoulder.  The 4 dates were the size of golf balls and stuffed with deliciously spicy chorizo, they were my husband's favorite. The whitefish was seared and seasoned to perfection. The hanger steak was my favorite, with a super flavorful crust and a medium rare center. By that point we were pretty satisfied and still had the pork shoulder left to go. It's unfortunate that it came at the end of our meal since we couldn't eat more than half of it it was so big. The pork just fell apart by itself and was wonderfully juicy. We were way too full after that and was sad that we couldn't get the cheese plate. I would totally suggest ordering less in the beginning if you are getting the pork shoulder for two people.Definitely going back for more!I'd been in here a couple times late at night for cocktails before heading back to my hotel and having read through the menu I've been dying to try the food and was glad that it didn't disappoint.   FoodChorizo Stuffed Medjool Dates - I would say a must orderWood fired Flat bread - Was very good, and worth ordering, but I couldn't help being a little disappointed they were out of the veal sweet breads.Whole Roasted Fish - Damn this was good!!  Maybe the best whole fish dish I've ever had.I really like the communal tables, especially in a place that small. Service was good, though the first course did take a while to show up.All in a all with our order and I believe 3 glasses of wine the damage was only about $120 after tip.  This place is definitely on my list to recommend to friends visiting Chicago.The wait's long, there isn't much of a waiting area, and I'd rather not sit at an 8-top when I'm only bringing three friends with me.  Fortunately, the food makes up for all of it.  We had some good to great dishes and an amazing dessert (the name and ingredients of which I don't remember)!Service was a little disappointing.  Perhaps we didn't order enough food (the waitress warned us not to order the foie because it would be too big!) or didn't buy an expensive enough bottle of wine (the cheapest red is not a good option), but the pacing of the dishes was uneven, I had to ask for silverware, and it took forever for my glass of water to be refilled.  Since I plan to return, I hope that's not the norm.The food, in detail:Chorizo-stuffed dates: Besides the dessert, the best thing we had all night.  I'm not a huge fan of bacon, and honestly, when I read chorizo, smoked bacon, and pepper sauce in the same dish I thought one of the three flavors would dominate.  Fortunately, I was very wrong.  The chorizo and the bacon provided good contrast in texture with the dates, and the sauce was on the thick side, which I really liked.Focaccia: This was okay.  The biggest problem with this dish was that it became cold and deteriorated way too quickly.  The bread was good, but there wasn't enough of the cheese/oil/herb.  Thankfully, there was leftover sauce from the dates, which worked pretty well.Hanger steak: Good but not great.  The steak was slightly overcooked and underseasoned.  The shallots and brussels sprouts were the stars here.50/50 sausage: Really good.  The kale was amazing and the sausage was perfectly cooked.  It's pretty obvious that this dish is *extremely* unhealthy.Pork shoulder: Also really good.  Really tender and flavorful shoulder.  I was really impressed by the potatoes as well, which had a nice bite to them and weren't unbearably hot.I went alone to Avec and sat at the bar.  I started with the chorizio stuffed dates and then moved on to the roast pork loin.  The Heffe Weissen beer I had as a side was freaking fantastic.The food?  Great.  Mind blowing.  Better than I had any reason to remember from my last visit.  The worst thing. . .Avec isn't a restaurant for one.  You really need a group so you can sample the small plates and may awesome dishes. . .don't go with one.  its good, but I think Avec is great with at least four. . .This is one of the coolest and most unique restaurants in Chicagothe food is meant to be shared and you sit cafeteria style.  It is always packed, and they don't take reservations. SO, be prepared to wait.  They do have tables outside in the summer, so you can enjoy a glass of wine while you wait, which is always nice.be sure to order the focaccia (melts in your mouth) and the bacon wrapped dates, we also love the pork roast that comes in a little crock pot (so cute!)it is incredibly well priced, which makes it even better!The only reason this does not get 5 stars, is that I was not a huge fan of the atmosphere.  You still need to try this place. The food is a fantastic example of what I call "basque fusion." There I said it. The portions are also quite large. In a city full of nice (and expensive) French restaurants, Avec is welcome in that the flavors are as nuanced, ingredients as high quality, and the price tag- not anywhere near as stratospheric. The prosciutto salad was as close to manna as I am sure to ever get. Jesus wept when they came up with that.My only minor quibble is that the space is nice but a little modern and cold. Not terrible, but not befitting the warmth and creativity of the food.OOOOhhhhhhhh Avec.....it was jammed on a weeknight and no where to go.  Literally, I felt like a rat in a cage.  It was only like a 20-30min wait so we grabbed a drink at the Asian place down the block. We sat in the middle of the table...kind of awkward when I had to go to the bathroom and everyone on the bench had to get up to let me out, but other than that, we made friends with our neighbors.  Food-Started off with the shrimp and the albacore.  Both were pretty good.  Although, the shrimp where hard to eat because the presentation kind of took over the plate.  Cheese plate...cant go wrong here.  Pasta with lamb...so freaking yummy.  Our neighbors offered us the focaccia, which they were raving about.  I thought it was good but the pasta was better.  They also stated we had to try the bacon wrapped dates....however, at this point, I was so stuffed I honestly considered unbuttoning my pants.The Space-considering they had the opportunity to "fix" the problems in this place after the fire and decided not to is slightly annoying.  Its so narrow and small and no where to go...I like communal dining but the booth like style makes it a little annoying to sit in the middle of the table.Pure deliciousness! Avec completely lives up to reviews and expectations, despite the cramped venue and the fact that they don't take reservations. The communal dining was actually a blast - we made friends with both of the other parties at our table, and wound up sharing tastes of some of the things we ordered. Our waiter had great wine suggestions, and our party of three split a number of delicious menu items. The deluxe focaccia with ricotta, taleggio, and truffle oil is a must-order, full of melt-in-your-mouth goodness that will drip all over your plate. Mmm mm mm. The chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were good, but not particularly memorable. The quail was beautifully presented and fell right off the bone. I love the selections, I love that the menu changes regularly, and I love that there's ample parking nearby. I'll definitely be back.Avec is my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  This is a place for people who love food, plain and simple.  And for this price point, I don't believe I've ever had better (in America, that is).  I've been to avec more times than I can count.  I've tried almost everything on every menu, and while sometimes one or two dishes may be underwhelming I am still astonished that Chef Koren Grieveson can deliver new surprises after all these years.Let's start with the standards:1) Bacon wrapped dates - They're good everywhere, but decadent at avec,  stuffed with house made chorizo and drenched in a spicy sweet red sauce.2) Focaccia - The best thing I've ever put in my mouth.  Indescribable.3) Pork shoulder - The meat just falls apart.  It's warm and rich, perfect for a Chicago winter.Now I'm going to *beg* for the return of these:1) Hangar steak with grilled bone marrow - I miss this so much.  The fatty marrow scooped on top of the hangar steak made my life complete.2) Anything with cured meat - My favorite so far was the one with prosciutto and lavender and grilled peaches.3) Brussel sprouts - To be fair, every vegetable is beautifully constructed with the perfect balance of salt and citrus.  It may sound simple, and that's why it's so elegant.My favorite right now?Burrata - If you've never had this "cheese" before, this is a great place to get it.I also want to add that I love the waitstaff.  My favorite hostess is Liz, who wears very cool earrings.  The chefs wear bandanas to hold back their hair, and they are rock stars in the kitchen.  The wine selection is very reasonable, beer is unique, and the bartenders know how to pair them.In the spirit of objectivity, reasons not to go:1) You have back problems - the seating can be rather uncomfortable.2) You require a reservation3) You like me so much that you're keeping the place free for me.Avec has delivered again. Excellent service, great selection of entrees, and very good wine and beer at reasonable prices. What i like about this place is the consistency of the food and serviceAmazing!When I first got to Avec, I had a hard time finding the door....it's a wooden door that blends in with the wall! LOL. Once I figured out how to get inside, I couldn't help but notice the all-over wood paneling. It makes you feel like you're in a sauna. I also noticed the communal seating which I haven't experienced before (except for family dinners in Thailand, not sure if that counts). My roommate and I ordered the chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates which were PHENOMENAL. It was so phenomenal, I got an extra order just to take home and savor the next day. The foccacia was also excellent. We also ordered a braised pork shoulder which was quite tender and juicy with pesto flavoring, lima beans, pasta rings, and squash. This was mediocre in my opinion (in all fairness, I'm not a big fan of red meat). My roommate would beg to disagree and loved the fact it was served like a hearty stew. Toward the end of the meal, Avec started getting crowded, and that's when the communal seating began to get annoying. It got much louder as everyone was talking over each other to carry out their conversations. Would recommend bar seating instead if you're lucky to find a spot. Overall, the server was super nice (not stuffy as I had imagined) and the food was great. I would've given 3 stars, but the chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates ups the score to 4. Yes, it's that good!Came back for dinner after they reopened this fall.  I guess I came at an off night last time, because I enjoyed the food more now.  The bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates in spicy tomato sauce lives up to the hype, and was by far my favorite dish of the whole night.  Flavorful, deliciously salty, sweet and spicy, and perfectly satisfying.The oil-poached tuna was fine but nothing spectacular, as was the pisaladiere, and I didn't particularly enjoy the papardelle, which had a slightly unappetizing, coarse texture.  However, the braised pork shoulder was wonderfully tender and had a great flavor, and came in a very generous portion.As for the wine, I was so excited to see my favorite wine in the world, Pago Florentino, on the menu!  Too bad they pretty much doubled the price of the bottle but since I can't find the wine anywhere else in the US, I didn't really complain.  Good food, good wine, good atmosphere.Went in on Friday with my hubby and 4 friends.  I though there were only 4 people coming so since we got there at 5 pm they let my hubby and I sit down and wait since it wasn't busy yet.  However, when my friends arrived at 5:30 there was another couple and only seats by us for 2 more.  So the host was kind enough to ask a couple who had just sat down (they didn't even have a drink yet) if they could move.  So we were luckily all able to sit together without a wait.The server was good.  Efficient, pleasant, and helpful with suggestions.  As far as the food:Chorizo stuffed dates- delicious, as good as everyone saysTallegio stuffed Foccacia- Awesome everyone loved it except for my hubby he thought it was just ok.Whole Fish- just ok, skip itPork Shoulder- totally disappointing, anyone's grandma could do much betterChicken with fingerling potatoes- totally a dark horse, I expected absolutely nothing from this dish, and it was DIVINECheese Plate- I didn't try since I'm pregnant, but the ladies seemed to like it since they like strong cheeses.  My husband likes more mild cheeses and he wasn't a fan.Hangar Steak- not good, I would skip thisI will definitely go back and get the dates, focaccia, and chicken.  So, so good.  I also didn't get to try the crepes with Nutella and want to try these when I go back.  The restaurant is really uncomfortable but the food is worth it.  The rest of my party had wine and beer and they seemed happy with the offerings.Holy Wow.Everything is so freakin amazing. You can't go wrong. Just keep in mind they don't accept reservations and the crowd can sometimes be overwhelming in a space that small.Avec, please come to San Francisco!Went back to Avec for my birthday dinner with the hubby. We sat at the bar at our magic hour (read senior citizen hour) of 5:00 on a Monday. I like the bar because it's a little more intimate, especially for a special dinner. Our bartender/server Dave poured us nice gin martinis while we nibbled, I mean devoured, our dates. Having had the teleggio foccacia before, I was looking for something else kinda bready to go along with the dates and their magical sauce. Well we have a new favorite...the brandade! Wow. My husband called it the world's greatest fish fondue. Just the perfect gooey, salty, creamy bowl of magic, and garlic bread. Yes, garlic bread. I called it "hangover food," and Dave agreed. After all that richness, we ordered a bottle of Primitivo, salad with grilled fennel, watermelon radishes and ricotta salada, and also the sturgeon with shaved beets, ramps (gotta love ramps!) and cilantro vinaigrette. Both dishes were so refreshing and just perfect savory goodness. Had a little apricot sorbet and called it a day, in time to make the 6:44 Metra home, no less. I love that Avec doesn't have a froo froo cocktail list, or a full bar even. We asked for gin martinis, and they have one gin. The focus here is on simple, perfect, un-fussy food. Love it.1 star - service4 star - foodDecided to take my parents here for my dad's bday. Having been here a few times before, I told my parents this was the best restaurant in Chicago. I was excited that we were able to get seats within 15 minutes...not so excited that it took another 15 minutes for ANYONE to talk to us. Once our server finally got to us she just whined about how she has 4 tabletops of 8. Wow, what do you want from me? a cookie? I'm not an unreasonable person, all you had to do was apologize for the . Instead, you whining to me just makes me want to punch your stupid rat face.We got here at 10PM and the wait was over an hour for a table but 30 min for the bar.  We choose the bar and were so glad we did because it's a better dining experience watching the chefs prepare the food and interacting with the bar tender/waitstaff behind the counter.  It also made for a bit more romantic dinner being closer to my hubby.  The food was wonderful with lots of natural flavors (no added salt, spices, etc. needed) and fresh and flavorful ingredients.   Interesting pairings that did wonders for my pallet.  Brussels sprout salad was delicious and you would never know there were Brussels sprouts in there.  For a non-meat eater I found great options with the help of our waiter, who was fantastic by the way.  My meat-eater hubby loved the hanger steak (cooked Medium).  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu.  The only downside is that the food is very rich (besides the salad) and a bit heavy for a light eater.  However, there are lighter options so ask your waiter for help.Crowd is a mix of trendy, 30 something eclectic types.  Avec does not take reservations and it's evident they don't need to because the place is packed from early on until late in the evening when their kitchen closes at 1AM (on Sat).  Not your usual dining experience so come to enjoy the atmosphere and to love the food.We just went to Avec for the first time.  We loved it an will be going back.We had 5 different small plates and loved all of them.  The dates with bacon seems to be a popular dish, and it should be!The atmosphere is casual but still very nice.  The staff was great.We got there by 530 on a Saturday and didn't have to wait at all for a spot at the bar.During our visit, W hotel guest services suggested this place. When I first heard about "French Tapas" I was both interested and worried. Interested because it sounded so unique. Worried because, I had no confidence that I would find anything vegetarian to eat.  Boy was I wrong! I loved their "Qunioa" and "Focaccia". Absolutely mind blowing.  The dining hall is very narrow and has cafeteria seating style. Didn't have ANY space between tables. But I guess thats part of the charm. And btw, please do not wait until you get really hungry because there is waiting and I was mad by the time we were seated and livid by the time we ate.Avec did not disappoint. In fact, it beat my expectations. We were aware of the long wait (grabbed a glass of wine at Meiji which seemed to be the waiting room) and they called just around the time they said we would be sat. We had a party of four and wait was just under 2 hours on a Saturday.Our service was excellent; the food phenomenal. We picked 3 small plates and 2 big plates for the four of us. I can still taste the truffle and taleggio focaccia and the chorizo stuffed dates were amazing. I think you are a liar if you didn't like them. We also ordered the bucatini w/ squid and  marinated hangar steak -- the candied grapefruit made the dish!We did notice that our dishes were coming out a tad more quickly than the couple next to us. We didn't feel rushed, but certainly noted that they had a little more time between courses than we did. I wonder if our larger party size had something to do with timing? Not a huge factor, but the only thing I can find to pick apart.All in all, it was the little touches such as the hostess coming over to our table when we were done and asking the lady next to me to let me out, give it the fifth star from my review. They recognize it is a different dining experience and accommodate for potential awkward situations where Americans are sitting together so closely, not like we're used to.I will *absolutely* go back and want to try the rainbow trout and whipped brandade.The problem: Avec is like that hot girl who *KNOWS* she's pretty.  You sill want to do her but don't think she's going to cuddle.Make reservations.  It's that busy.Decor is nice, well laid out, impressive for such a small place.Kitchen: like a hobbit's laundry room.  The chefs/cooks must be pretty experienced to work in a space like that.overall: Date worthy.I've been here quite a few times and can't say that I've ever been disappointed with the menu.  Pretty much everything I've had here has been very good to great.  If you're starving, DON'T come here because this is not the type of place you gorge yourself on (unless you really do have that much money).  The seating areas are either bar or tables with benches.  You're going to be elbow to elbow with others but if you don't like places where you can here glass tinkling, then it's fine.  The beer and wine selections are good and the service is as quick as it can be.  Service is, well - you read the part about the 'hot girl.'  When you first show up, it can feel quite snobby.  During dinner, it's facetiously polite.  But, the food will probably make you come back.I'm a vegetarian, so I can't speak for the meat dishes, but this is one of my favorite restaurants in the city!  The cauliflower appetizer was delicious (and my boyfriend's favorite even though he's a heavy meat eater).  The foccacia main course was amazing as well.Try to get the two seats by the chef so you don't have to be crammed into a table with a bunch of strangers.  All of the staff was very helpful and the bill was a lot cheaper than expected!At first I was a bit nervous because like, all I hear from these yelp jerks is "oh it's sooooo crowded oh you have to wait sooooo long"... man we got seated right away! Granted it was tuesday night at 7, but I'm living proof -- it's possible!Then, obstacle two, "you cant have a good conversation it's soooo sterile everyone is sooooo loud" psh, tsch, guffaw-- this place was awesome! The environment had a comfortable chatter, and it was neat being able to take a look at all the different things people were ordering, it definitely made me hungry for my next trip there.So in conclusion, don't buy a new ipod nano, go to avec. This place is extremely delicious.Go either really early or really late because there will always be a wait. Service is laid back and friendly, the whole place is non-pretentious and the food is just so real and hearty. Each bite is like a burst of heart-warming flavors in your mouth. Definitely try the Prosciutto with grapefruit (they give you a PILE of prosciutto, definitely worth the price) and the chorizo stuffed dates. We just keep going back for the food and great beer and wine list. The atmosphere is really energetic but down to earth. We've been there several times but one time the server suggested a trout dish that came with a piece of toast that looks like french toast on the bottom of a piece of fried trout. At first we were all thinking, "that's it??" and then we took a bite of the bread. It blew our minds just what the bread was soaked in and seasoned it. It was nothing familiar we've ever tasted yet it tasted so heartwarming. The trout dish was definitely memorable as well!Be ready to wait about 1 hr for seats, but I'd say it's worth it.  I walk in and I immediately feel 10x more hip and trendy already!  The whole place is decked out in wood and with the glass bottle wall in the back I feel like I'm in a giant wine bin.  True to form, the chorizo wrapped dates are pretty amazing.  If I was pickier I would say that there was too much chorizo and I would've liked to taste more date-ly sweetness and crunchy pork fat.  Next came their version of the BLT which included probably the smallest piece of foie gras I have ever seen.  Again if I was picky I would gasp at how the delicacy of the foie gras was overwhelmed by the bacon dressing.  Then we had the Brandade and finally finished with the pork shoulder.  The pork was amazingly cooked and fell apart in my mouth.  However our waiter forgot about our order so we had to wait 30 min just to try it, and there was no apology for how long it took.So all in all I would give it 3.5 stars.  Good thing I'm not picky...We have been wanting to go here for some time and finally had the chance on our last visit to Chicago. Decor for one is my favorite things about this restaurant. For those fellow New Yorkers who have been to momofuko will see a very similar esthetic but the back wall of glowing wine bottles really makes it.Flew in last Friday night and headed straight to the restaurant. While there being at least a 45 minute wait we were directed to the outdoor waiting area to enjoy drinks and being 80 degrees outside at 8pm this was the perfect way to spend time waiting.The wine list is extensive while offering bottles, glasses and even 250ml in order to get a good taste and try a few out while you are at it. At $11 not a bad way to get 3 glasses of wine (considering you are at a restaurant) Although the wine was a bit warm, I wonder how it is being stored??As mentioned above the decor made the night, we had bar seating and could watch the cooks in action (although it was very hot in the restaurant, maybe because we were so close to the cooks?).  I would have been okay without the blaring hip hop music as the environment of the packed restaurant would have sufficed.  The menu consisted of a lot of different options, some being safe choices and others being more on the experimental side i.e. chorizo stuffed dates wrapped with bacon and banger sausage. We decided to stick with marinated olives, a mixed salad (blah) and red snapper which was a whole fish and not a filet. Normally would be fine but was not as described.Avec is definitely worth another shot as the flat bread with arugula and the cheese/salumi is what I really wanted to try, but on a hot night just really did not put me in the mood. Other than that, we were a little disappointed.Giving it three stars for now but will be back in June to try it again...When I go to a restaurant I'm not just looking for great food, prices that don't make you faint, well chosen alcohol or nice staff, but a top notch atmosphere above all. Avec's communal tables give you a visual and aromatic menu before you attempt to choose from all the delicious-sounding items on the menu. Not only that but customers are constantly sharing tips on what to order. The couple next to us even shared their Cava and appetizer with us!My friends and I had a wonderful time sharing food (the foccacia was probably the best thing I've ever had in my mouth bar none), space and laughter, which every other customer seemed to experience as well.Small place, good music, communal dining. No reservations allowed.Get bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates and the focaccia.I've waited too long to write this review for one reason alone: I don't think I can recreate my night at Avec. Forget reading the reviews--just go, and go early (within 30 mins, Avec went from empty to full with a line out the door). I've been eyeing Avec for a while, but the no reservations policy kept me from going (that and living in NY). If there's anything I hate more than slow moving crowds, it's long waits for food*. BUT! After braving the walk-in at Girl and the Goat the week before, I felt like a pro. Portions are a good size... except for the cheese. Seriously Chef Kahan, you must be rolling around in money from the cheese sale alone. Your cheese to focaccia ratio was ridiculous. Aside from that... I'm very happy with my meal, which consisted of:-bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates-hangar steak with melted bone marrow, fennel, capers, orange and spinach-roasted squid with tomatoes, guanciale, fideo and fennel aioli-hazelnut crumb cake and affogatoI'd like to go back at some point in the future... I see new items in the menu, YES!*food crankiness seems to run in the family... and it sneaks up on us!It was good-but entrees and service didn't blow me away. I'll come back. Our server seemed as if she could care less. Maybe that's the point since it is a "French" restaurant. Servers in France also don't give a damn about your experience. Our other servers, (water, food,  and table bussers) were fantastic, however. Extremely quick with water and drinks-and always made sure our plates were fresh. The small plates were great. Of course the dates were fantastic. The leek bruschetta was  also light and very delicious. I almost wish we had ordered a few more small plates and passed on the entrees. The entrees were good; above average even. They were fresh, light, and actually healthy. I tried the whole fish which was delicious just a little difficult to eat with all of the bones. I knew there would be some bone picking but it got annoying after a while. The pork shoulder was delicious and also cooked perfectly. They were just missing that something special (maybe I am being too critical but I heard so much about this place. I found the pricing very reasonable for the quality and execution of the food. About $100 for a small plate, entree, drink (no I love Paul K's places and I will definitely give this place another shot.Avec is worth the wait. I arrived around 8pm and finally was seated at the bar at 11pm. The chorizo stuffed medjool dates were unbelievable.I want to eat here every night.But, since I cannot, I will not be able to complete my study on the effects of uninterrupted consumption of bacon wrapped dates on human physiology. I can, however, tell you that if you want to take someone who's not sure if they could ever eat at a  "fu-fu" foodie food place somewhere, this is it. I've broken more than a few suburbanites of their fear of modern restaurants by bringing them here and forcing truffled flatbread down their throats.Also, my wife and I love the people we end up sitting next to each time we visit. Once, we were able to tour half the wine menu when we had the good fortune to sit next to two Italian brothers who have been in the family wine making business their whole lives. Good times.Tapas tapas all around! With so many choices, which one to choose from?  How about French tapas....sounds peculiar. But after trying this place, I'm sure to return!I've been dying to try a tapas place in Chicago. Called the restaurant on a Sunday night and they said there was no wait. YES, MUST DRIVE THERE AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE!!!!  See, my fiance is not a fan of waiting for food.  We even found street parking right away.  Certainly a good start to the night's' adventures!  After you enter the extremely cool door with a little pig on it, there's a super nice greeter that takes your coats. The interior is cool and modern with wood beams.  Very tight fit though...The food took quite a while to arrive, but I think it varies because the table next to us got their food relatively quickly. Here's what we ordered:-Grilled garlic shrimp: this had a nice zingy taste to it as they had some grapefruit mixed in?  There were also nuts too which added a nice crunch!  The prawns were large and delicious. However, they could have been fresher and it was slightly on the expensive side. -Pulled pork shoulder: sooo good, sooo tender, sooo soft....drool....!  The serving was huge and there were leftovers.-Bacon wrapped dates: had to try this as mentioned by many other yelpers. I've had this at another tapas place and this was so much better! Slightly spicy and lots and lots of meat!  Can you tell I love meat! Once again, leftovers!Avec is a definite thumbs up for me!There aren't any reservations at Avec, so you can expect to wait...for something that you'd be sorry if you missed.  With an ecclectic menu, for lack of a better word, geared towards tapas, you can expect everyone in your party excited and looking forward to the next course.I just had my 24th birthday dinner here, and Avec made it a great night.  At some points, you may wish the portion size was just a touch bigger, but before you can think about being depressed, the next course trips the light fantastic as hits the center of the wooden table.  Everyone stops the conversation they were having to awkwardly stare at eachother, looking to see who gets to dig in first.  Dinner at Avec?  Yes, please.I have now been to Avec twice. I first heard about them on Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Appetizers for the chorizo stuffed dates. I found them underwhelming, but the pork shoulder I followed them with was the richest and tenderest thing I've ever eaten.Last night I wanted to start with the hangar steak with bone marrow. When I ordered the bartender suggested I order something else first due to the long cooking time for hangar steak. I found this curious since hangar steak is normally served rare or close to it. So I ordered the octopus with a wine pairing. I was served my white and immediately after the hangar steak arrived with it's red pairing. I set my white aside to warm while I dug into my hangar steak, and as I took my first bite the octopus arrived. Obviously this was annoying and awkward. The hangar steak was awesome, and was served with bone marrow since it's so lean.Next I ordered the whole roasted dorade. The best fish I've ever had. Unfortunately the server told me it was thoroughly de-boned, "so dig in." Upon doing so I found myself with a mouth full of sharp bone. It was great though. I sucked out the eyes, cleaned the collar, scooped out the brain cavity, and even ate the tail. I finished with an assortment of Italian cheese, and the  white chocolate dessert. Both were excellent, but by then I had already eaten too much. You might think I would give Avec three stars due to the hiccups on service, but I love Avec. I love the food, I love sitting in the restaurant itself, and the first time I was here the service was excellent.I went here last night for the first time with a friend. We went on a Tuesday night around 7, and the wait was around 30 minutes. We went to Sepia around the corner to get a drink while we waited. They called us when our table was ready. The place is very small, but we thought the communal seating was fun and different. We got recommendations from the people sitting around us and enjoyed getting to know the other patrons. They recommended 4 dishes between the two of us. We ordered the chorizo bacon wrapped dates, focaccia with truffle, crispy whitefish, and chittara with pork ragu. All of the dishes were delicious, except VERY filling. We took home more than half of the focaccia and pasta. Next time, I would either go with more people or get less/smaller dishes. The service was good, and I'm excited to go back!This is one of the best place to have a quick bite and drink some beer! The only con I have is that the wait is always so long!fine food . service fine a bit expensive , but these days what isn't I like to try new eats , so I look around what others have and just take my chances and order it , so far  it has worked for me if it looks good it probably is ( chorizo staffed dates) that said , I will be back , if I still have a jobPerhaps they were just having an off night but I didn't think that the food was that spectacular - certainly not worth the hype.They kept pushing the dates on us and I see why - it was the only thing worth commenting on. They were good - and my husband and I don't even like dates.But the rest of the meal wasn't very good -Pork shoulder didn't seem to be seasoned properly; the flatbread had way too much prosciutto and the gorgonzola cheese was way too overpowering. We tried our neigbours heirloom tomato and anchovy salad which also didn't seem to have the flavours balanced properly. I wanted to order the fois grois but was informed that it was a POUND of fois grois! So unless you want to eat it yourself and end up in the emergency room, you had to be a party of 8. What a tease!Oh well, Dessert was decent - panacotta. Other pluses - nice atmosphere and very busy so people obviously like it. Im obviously in the minority in my opinion but I don't mind going against the grain and won't say I like something because I am supposed to because everyone else does!  This is just my one experience at the restaurant.I love Avec, it's cheap and delicious! I go as much as I can. I shouldn't tell you but their brunch is delicious and there is never a line. The French toast is to die for. The dinner menu is great, my favorite are the brandade, any of their stew, the pasta is usually great too. I was a little disappointed with the octopus and it's 3 bites for $18 though.Amateur Yelper, Professional Critic.  The bench style seating allows for a comforting public setting to ease any sort of tension. Delicious novel-like wine menu and although a considerably smaller beer menu, great selections, however.   Environment is boisterous and incredibly welcoming.  The all wood grain decor gives a sleek, trendy, and clean feel to a care free environment. Great place to take a first or second date, as I did.  We loquaciously made our way through the dinner without any nonsensical conversation.  The environment keeps great conversationalist at their finest.  It helps she is quite fantastic.  Did I mention gorgeous?  Concluding with the food menu.  Great array of tasty selections.  A perfect menu to keep you wanting to come back to try more.  Many non-first timers in attendance freely giving their opinions on their personal menu favorites.  Great food. Great service.  I suggest you make the owners round:  Violet Hour, The Publican, Blackbird, and Avec.Expect a wait.  This is well worth the wait - even on the coldest of Chicago winters.  The food and atmosphere are outstanding.  The dates and chorizo are one of my favorite dishes from any restaurant in the city.  Seasonal small plates are a perfect idea, and though copied across the city, many do not come close to the perfection of those presented at Avec.  Even with wine, two of us were able to leave under $60 and with some leftovers.  I would recommend spending a long evening in the restaurant and consuming what you can in house.  The warmth and flavor of the dishes best not be left to waste.   The service was also great.  Our server made us feel as though we were the only people in the restaurant, despite the fact that it was a busy Saturday night and we sat at a communal table.After a long long day sightseeing chicago on a rainy cold night we took a cab to Avec a small bar bistro which had more people waiting outside for a table. Persistent me insisted we eat no where else and we had almost finished half bottle of wine  while waitingby the rain when we got bar side seats. Out order:Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce    Pan-fried lake trout with pain perdu, lemon aioli, cornichons and watercress"Deluxe" focaccia with Taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs THe food was delicious and perfectly portioned for me. But I wish they'd have a bigger place or maybe take reservations coz after waiting for 30 mins in rain you really dont get to enjoy the food as much and we definitely felt rushed. Avec is only open for Dinner they have a decent wine and cheese menu. with a tiny place and even tiny kitchen they do an amazing job on the food.Hip, young, and casual. I think they share their kitchen with Blackbird, so they already have that 'good food' gene. A 5 star place to share a meal with your 5 star friends!Again Yelp needs to offer the 1/2 star feature.  This restaurant was a 4 1/2 star experience but since its the holiday season I'll bump them to a 5 vs a 4.Overall the entire experience was very good.  Only downside was the wait.  I went on a Saturday and waited an hour and half for a table of two.  The hostess warned us that it would be that long and indeed she was spot on.  In the future will leave name and go down the street for a drink or two while waiting.  The food was great, the two of us shared 5 dishes if I remember correctly.  Highlights of the meal were the Chorizo stuffed dates, wow, that was a flavor explosion.  The sauce was just as good or even better than the dates.  Additional highlights was the veal, so tender and delicious.  Also the squid ink pasta was right up there.  Service was great as well, waiter made recommendations and was very accommodating.   Never felt rushed and was very friendly.I have to update my review on Avec - I think I just ordered the wrong thing last time. I went for Chef's week and it was absolutely delicious. The chorizo-stuffed dates were the best thing on the menu. Sweet, spicy & salty all in one bite - AND they were served with fresh warm bread and a delicious tomato sauce. They also had skatewing fish, which I always enjoy. I also tasted the anise-marinated skirt steak, which was full of flavor - The dessert, however was just "aiight" (shout out to B.C.). It was a blood orange panna cotta & it was tasty - don't get me wrong, but just not as amazing as the rest of the food. I'm thinking that they should offer more than one dessert so that people have a choice b/c that dish can be polarizing - but overall - lovely meal, quality food & great service.It's restaurants like these that make me so glad that I live in the Fullton River District/West Loop area.Yes, there are always a ton of people waiting for tables. And this observation holds even in the coldest of winter where I've seen people standing outside the restaurant waiting for their table. But it's worth the wait.I don't need to say much more about their food since the other gazillion reviews about Avec already did it justice. But I'll just say it again anyway-- it's goooood. They have a great wine list and you can even get a bottle of wine for as low as the mid 20s in price range. The waiting time for Sundays are relatively shorter. Our wait was 30 mins for 3 people for one Sunday we were there. Really not bad at all. I've heard people waiting for 1-2 hrs on other days but no worries, you can head next door to Meiji for drinks during the wait. The atmosphere at Avec is loud and lively with communal dining. Or if you are willing to sit at the bar to dine, the wait will be relatively shorter too. One significant detail: Avec's executive chef Koren Grieveson competed in the battle against Iron Chef Cat Cora and the results were tied! Chef Koren is usually at the bar making sure things are moving along speedily. Once my husband and I sat at the bar and she even cleared our plates! Woah!Well, we showed up after 5:30pm on a Friday and of course, no wait when it's that early.The medjool dates w/ sausage wrapped in bacon in spicy tomato sauce...  PHENOMENAL!  Great combination of sweet, savory and spicy.  Brussel sprout salad was good and so was the brandade (which I thought would have been a bit more salty but wasn't).  I'd skip the pork ribs.  Prompt service as they make their $$ with high turnover.  Friendly service.I'm surprised I'm giving this three stars, and I think it has potential, so I will probably go again and hopefully raise the rating.  However, based on my first visit, I can't go any higher.The chorizo dates were indeed really really good.  But they're also HUGE.  Which normally is a good thing, but I was literally full after them, and they were our first small plate.  Next we had the brandade, which we had to ask for a description of.  Basically it was like a crab dip, only made with cod and a few other classier ingredients.  It was served warm with croistini, and it was pretty tasty.  Then they forgot to bring out our order for sweetbreads and skipped right to our desert.  That was my least favorite part - some sort of chocolate bar which was very boring and blah tasting.  The service was pretty good, except that they missed one of our orders.  The set-up is a little strange and unnatural, but I guess that's what they were going for.  And although the wait is crazy and there's no waiting area, at least they offer to call your cell when your table is ready, so you can go get a drink elsewhere.My friend took me to Avec on my visit to Chicago. He called it one of the more forward-thinking restaurants in the city. I immediately loved the space when I arrived. On a wintry day, the sauna-like wood made it feel warmer! I like the communal style seating. We had a great time chatting with others around us... we even had fun commenting on the awkward date that was going on right next to us. This was probably some of the best food I've had in a while. I loved:- chorizo-stuffed dates (of course)- wood oven braised pork shoulder (I'm salivating right now..)Try it out!My last few yelp reviews have a number of elements in common1. I have visited a number of times and now finally got around to posting2. They all have hundreds of other yelpers providing very valid information3. My ratings are very, very complimentaryThis is clearly the case at AVEC, where i have been occasionally visiting since they opened.  My visit last Saturday was superior to the other visits, since this is the first time i was here with my wife and our friends.  Other visits have been business meetings.1. This place is a run with super precision as Chef Koren oversees her operation handling everything from talking your coat, to clearing a table.2.  The small plate offerings allows a high-level dish for $8, rather than a $35 entree at other cheffy places3. Fantastic, reasonable priced wine list4. beautiful room, and although crowded on a Saturday night, no rush5. I am drawing a line in the sand, and saying this is my favorite Chicago spot.My first night in Chicago, my friends and I came here for dinner. It was one of the best dinners I've ever had in my life! When we got there, it was at least a 45 minute wait and normally I would never wait this long but I was on vacation and I knew it would be worth it. The restaurant itself is extremely small. One side is a bar and the other side consists of 3 or 4 communal tables. Be prepared to scoot in and out of your seat as new people are seated at your table. Since everyone is so close and the place is so small, it can get very loud and you'll have to shout to communicate. The food was amazing! We ordered the chorizo stuffed dates, laughing shrimp, watercress pasta, hanger steak, and roasted chicken. My hands down favorite dish was the stuffed dates. They were nice and big and full of chorizo and if that wasn't enough, they were wrapped in bacon and smothered with a piquillo pepper and tomato sauce. All the dishes were completely different flavor-wise and everything was just so good. The service was equally great. Partway through our meal, we were given new plates and silverware for our meat courses. The staff was super friendly and attentive. All in all, the four of us ordered 4 small plates, 1 large plate, 3 glasses of wine, 1 dessert, and a souvenier napkin and the bill total came to just over $100. Not bad at all! AND...they didn't give us any hassle when we asked to split the bill among 4 credit cards. Big plus in my book!I loved the atmosphere at Avec! The uniquely decorated restaurant was a pretty small; combined with a great reputation for their food left us with a short wait even though it was a weekday in March.Ordered (rating):-Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates (5/5)-Housemade tagliatelle with oxtail (4/5)-Focaccia with Taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs (4/5)-Braised Pork Shoulder (2/5)The Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates were awesome! (especially the sauce) The only thing I didn't like about this dish was that it only came with four, I could've eaten a dozen of these things.The Braised Pork Shoulder was a huge disappointment. It was bland, and it took f-o-r-e-v-e-r to come out. On top of that, it was the most expensive dish we ordered. (I don't see it on the menu anymore, so I guess they got the right idea).Overall, it was a great dining experience. I'll be coming back next time I'm in Chicago.Hands down, this was the best meal our group had while on a visit to Chicago over Memorial Day weekend. One word, three syllabales made this meal fantastic: chorizo. When stuffed in Medjool dates, wrapped with smoked bacon then covered in a piquillo pepper-tomato sauce, it is a combination anyone can appreciate. Considering our group consisted of three Muslims and a Jew, we dubbed this pork-laden dish "Sinner's Delight." I was really impressed by avec's space. The feel of the place was fantastic. I loved how understated, yet beautiful the restaurant was. The buzzing energy of the place, the excellent beer and wine selection, and the amazing food made our visit very memorable.Yes, the wait is long, but so what? If it's a nice evening, grab a drink and have a nice time outside. The experience is totally worth waiting for. This is counter to the typical steakhouse/giant entree experience; get a bunch of small plates and go to town. We ate so much we all felt sick, and at the end of the night, we had a case of reverse sticker shock...our meal turned out to be less than $50 each! This place is just too good to pass up. In a city like Chicago where there are so many dining options, avec really shines bright and stands out of the crowd.Not that this place needs another fantastic review...but it was so good that I just had to!I'm visiting from New York so the hour wait didn't bother me, especially because they have a little area outside where you can have wine while you wait.  I was catching up with girlfriends so the time seemed to fly by.Inside is communal seating- each bench seats about 16 people around it.  But again, coming from NY it didn't really phase me.  But what DID blow me away was the food.  We got 3 small plates and 3 large plates...and we can't figure out what we liked best because they were all so delicious.  Small plates we got the chorizo stuffed medjool dates wrapped with bacon....the spice was absolutely PERFECT on them.  The whitefish with fingerling potatoes was also extremely tasty.  And the the grilled peach salad...mmm...with pistachios...went great with our bottle of Rose from Portugal.  (Did I mention their extensive wine list?!?!)As for the large plates, we had the focaccia with taleggio cheese where the herbs blended in so well it was literally mouth-watering.  The rigatoni which was surprisingly light and good even for a hot day.  And the pork shoulder...talk about comfort food...my girlfriends were reminded of their grandmother's home cooking.  It was roasted perfectly and the pork was so tender and flavorful.  Anyway- here's the best part.  3 small plates + 3 large plates + foodgasmic flavors + 2 bottles of rose wine + 2 really cute chefs = only $45 per person includine tip.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone who visits Chicago!The food at Avec was delicious and so filling.  Our waitress recommended two small plates or one large plate per person to share.  We ordered one large and one small each because we wanted to try different things from each part of the menu. I would never expect it, but way too much food! We were so stuffed (two small, one large all together would have been perfect).  I knew about the communal seating, so we went there early on a Monday.  It was nice because we had our personal space.  Even when it filled in, it wasn't too bad.  What was awkward though was the decor.  I felt a little like I was dining in a giant coffin because there is wood all around this narrow box of a restaurant.  Some candles to soften the mood would be nice.  Overall though, a great experience.Chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates - eh. Probably won't get them again because they are so different from the usual kind that it didn't satisfy my craving.  Nothing beats the dates at Mercat a la Planxa.Pork shoulder - OMG amazing. Positively delicious.  You cannot come to Avec without this.Flatbread with mussels - basically a pizza, we weren't expecting that, but it was tasty.  I loved the bread and wished I could find a regular pizza in Chicago with that crust.Special tagliatelle with squid ink in a citrus cheese sauce - YUM! I'm sad it's not on the menu all the time.My absolute favorite restaurant in Chicago.  The staples I always enjoy are the pork shoulder, the chorizo stuffed dates, the foccacia, the brandade, and the roasted chicken thigh.  The menu is ever changing as they always have a few seasonal items, which are always tasty.I am never disappointed when dining here (which has been quite a few times). The communal seating was fun, and during my last venture here the couple next to use even bought us a round of limoncello!The food is consistently amazing and (luckily) also very affordable.  It's hands down my favorite place to eat .  The only downfall is the wait. In the summer, they set up stand up waiting areas outside (with upside down barrels to place your drinks), but there really is nowhere to wait inside. Aaaand you should definitely expect a wait (on average, at least an hour regardless of the day of the week), as they don't take reservations.  Regardless, I'll keep coming back...OMG this place is AWESOMEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! Everything here was so trendy and filled, I mean absolutely filled to the brim, with young professionals dressed in business casual attire. The place is pretty small, It's like a rectangular room with earthy tones.But that's not the important part, it's all about the FOOD!! I love how the food at these places are made to share because that makes for GREAT food at fairly cheap prices! We got the pork shoulder, ahhhh DELICIOUSSSSSS. It was so tender and nicely seasoned and the root vegetables were cooked just right. There was also a giant thick slab of...bacon? I think it was bacon? It looked like bacon but didn't really taste like it. Either way, it made my taste buds rejoice with merriment. What was also great was the bread they gave you to soak up the left over bits of yumminess after you've devoured the whole pot like a barbarian.On a trip to Chicago, we stopped by Avec for a late night dinner on a weekday. It's a cute place, and the decor is simple but intriguing...it's all wood yet uber modern.Hands down, you HAVE to get the chorizo stuffed dates. Sure it might sound like an odd combination, but you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't! Want to step a little out of your comfort zone? Try the octopus salad. It took a lot to convince the hubby that we shoudl at least try it, only to find he loved it just as much as I did and we were fighting over it. :)Great place for taking a date or small groups. Seating is limited.We stopped at Avec for dinner last night after a few drinks at the Franklin. The place was packed at 8:00 PM so we opted to sit at the bar and how fortuitous! We were seated at the end of the bar, 2 seats segregated from the rest, directly in front of the chef, perfectly intimate and entertaining seats for our dinner date.We had the chorizo stuffed medjool dates, the grilled hangar steak and the grilled octopus. The flavors of all of these were distinct and delicious and even these three small plates were filling for both of us! The chef was incredibly efficient on his small gas stove and oven, creating each dish individually as they were ordered. There's no batch processing here. He was very prideful of each dish's presentation.The deserts were so-so, a bit boring after the savory and complex flavors of our smalls. Will skip this next time and just have another vodka club! A unique selection of import beers and wines.Sister to the popular Publican Avec doesn't disappoint.  It's a smaller place and the door is kinda hard to find at first because it blends into the wall, but find it and you shall be rewarded!  The interior is narrow but deep.  Like Publican the decor is mostly wood, but the lighting is good so it feels warm.  There's bar seating that faces the kitchen as well as a long table with bench seating.They have a pretty decent list of drinks here.  The beers are served by the bottle and generally are in the $10 range.  Better watch out cause it's easy to rack up your bill if you like craft beers.  I'm not sure if it's normal or not, but when I ordered a beer they came back and told me they ran out...twice!The menu mostly consists of Large and Small Plates and is meant to go tapas style where you share with your party.  We came here to snack on stuff before heading over to watch Wait Wait, but easily filled up cause the food here was that good.  The items we tried...."deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs -Wow...so awesome.  If I didn't want to try more items on the menu we prollie could have polished off another one of these.  It's basically 2 thin focaccia breads with the mix spread in the center.  It's warm, soft, and the truffle richness comes through.  The mix to bread ratio is just right as well.  Definitely order this if you come.chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce -This is not your normal bacon date tapas.  They come in a tasty tomato sauce and are huge.  Excellent meat to sweetness ratio.  Another winner.  Order it.heirloom tomato and white anchovy salad with market beans, mint and pepitas -Deciding we needed some greens we got the salad.  It was refreshing and probably a good break from the richness.wood-oven roasted market shishito peppers with pickled feta -We got these just to try them.  I probably would skip next time, but if you're a fan of the roasted peppers they're pretty good.  Watch out cause some of those peppers will still pack some decent heat.braised octopus with charmoula marinated chickpeas, roasted peppers and roasted cauliflower -Another lighter dish here.  The Octopus was done very well.  Super tender, wish there was more of it!  Roasted cauliflower is always good in my book as well.A solid place.  It's not cheap, but it's a nice place to grab a quality bite and hang out.  There's plenty more on the menu to try for next time.I had read about AVEC before my trip to Chicago.  We often stay in Portland, OR and seem to compare a lot of our dining experiences with the restaurants we love there.  That is what drew me to AVEC.  The design the way they talk about their food and and their connection to the James Beard Foundation drew me in.  I was not disappointed!  We had a bottle of wine while we waited for a table.  We got seated at the chefs bar which is my fav seat in any restaurant.  The food was fresh, delicious and reminded me of Oregon!  My deluxe Focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs was delicious!  I hated leaving the leftovers but had to since we're traveling.  Next time I'll bring more friends to share it with!Great place for tasty food and delicious wine. Ordered the clams with fingerling potatoes & kale in a white wine sauce. Very good with the fresh rustic bread they bake there. Also ordered the mehjool dates stuffed with chorizo and wrapped in Bacon. Brussels sprouts with brown bread coupons, apple slices, beef roast and Bacon. And the entree was the foie gras. Delicious.Was surprised that althought it's a smaller dining area (it's one of those narrow long rooms) that there was still seating to be had. It was cozy (read cramped in a good way) but it was nice sharing stools and benches. I could over hear the conversation next to me. Sounded like that couple wasn't going to last, especially since the went Dutch on the check. Decor is all wood and warm and inviting. I was very impressed by the servers. I was so thirsty I must have drank 4 glass of water one, right after another and there was always someone there to refill my glass.Avec is a small restaurant for sure - probably one of the reasons it is sometimes hard to get in - the other reason is the fantastic food.   Avec has a shared kitchen with Blackbird (next door).  As the restaurant is small and long, they have seating at the bar and then a long community table down the entire other side.  The seating really is not comfortable, but who is there for a chair? Maybe the reason I was uncomfortable was because I was there with my pregnant boss and her two bosses?The menu is season and changes up from time to time.  There are a few staples that are musts - steak.... almost rare and perfect.  Pork shoulder...it is juicy, its falling off the bone, its perfect.... any the veggies served with it are tender and perfect.   Finally the octopus.... WONDERFUL!I enjoyed the wine here,  I enjoyed the food,  I hated the chair, but loved the experience.I am sad to report that Avec did not live up to the hype. I know some of you may want to throw rocks at me for saying that, but that's just my honest opinion.The restaurant itself is quite cramped and noisy. And you can expect to be seated at a communal table. It's not a problem really, unless you really need your personal space.We didn't order much - just the dishes that were recommended to us by a friend. We went with the Pork shoulder, Deluxe foccacia, Whole roasted fish and of course... the Medjool dates. No offense to the other dishes, but the dates were by far the stars of the show. HOLY COW. If I ever return to Avec, there is a good chance all I'll order are these dates. Lots of them. They were phenomenal.Overall, I wasn't a huge fan of this place; I just thought it was more on the bland side (minus the dates, of course).3.5 starsNot much more to say that hasn't already been written in the 845 (!) reviews currently on Yelp.One thing I wish I would have known: Avec is a bit dressier than I anticipated.  My boyfriend definitely felt a little underdressed in a polo and jeans.  Still, everyone was very nice, the service was fantastic, and the bacon-wrapped dates were as incredible as everyone says.  Must try!A Sunday dinner treat that has never failed to spark my interest.  I come here too much that I try to stay away from the printed menu but check out the Specials.  It was the tastiest frog legs with aioli!  The antipasti with lima beans was too beany with good flavor.  I was aiming for the market priced whole roasted fish but was advised that I needed a buddy to finish the dish.  An incentive to come back.In previous visits, I overate with 3 dishes.  I am still overeating after 2 dishes plus dessert. The small plates are fairly priced.The amount of strawberries (judging from color) into the sorbet is worth the 2 scoops and 2 sugar cookies.  Under the dessert drinks....check out the peculiar and separate...coffee shot and scotch.Peccorino and Marques de Caro stood out from the usual wine victims.Service is always great with knowledgeable staff.  Even though it is always packed...you never feel rushed.There are many things that Avec is doing right, however, it's the things they're doing wrong (IMO) that's keeping me from giving them 4-5 stars. First off, the atmosphere is very interesting. You're literally dining in a wooden box... not in a bad way, but the entire interior is made out of wood. My friend and I were seated promptly at the edge of a table (there's communal seating here) and we were the only ones at the table at the time. Our server gave us some recommendations off of the menu and since we weren't terribly hungry, we ordered a small plate of the roasted whitefish ($13) and the roasted pork shoulder ($21). A few minutes later a couple was seated at the other end of our table. So thankfully we weren't starving because our food took a long time to come out. I started to think that they forgot about us because the couple that came after us got their food long before we did. The roasted whitefish came out first and I thought it tasted fantastic. It was cooked to perfection and the veggies under it went very nicely with the fish. The roasted pork shoulder probably came out 15-20 minutes after we finished with the fish which I thought was unusually long. In the meantime while we were waiting, they seated a party in the middle of the table which I thought was kind of awkward to ask people who were already dining to get up and let people in. I didn't really mind but I could see how some people would mind if they were in the middle of dining. So when the pork shoulder finally came out, it appeared to be stew-like. The meat fell off the bone with ease, it was very flavorful, and the portion was very generous. After a while though the flavor was starting to get boring because it was the only thing at our table. It would've been nice to have a couple dishes at the same time so you can mix up the different flavors in your mouth. On top of that, I felt the service was lacking. Avec didn't seem very welcoming at all since our server just took our order and brought us our bill. For a place with such high ratings I expected the service to be just as good as their food.Don't even know what to say other than I really loved the dinner here. The waitstaff was good even if our waiter was a little weird. The interior of the restaurant is cool as you can see in the pictures. Very lively atmosphere with an upscale crowd but in no way did it seem too busy or "crazy".The cheese plate with accompaniments was absolutely fantastic.( red grape and marcona almond salad - date and orange conserve - quince paste, honeycomb, etc ). Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce were one of the best apps I have ever had. As someone from Memphis, I've had my fair share of pork shoulder and I can tell you the wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with braised collard greens, wild rice and green tomato chow chow was FANTASTIC! A must try. The biggest problem I had was the menu looked so good i wanted to try it all! We ordered only three items and couldn't come close to eating it all. I thought the prices were very appropriate for the quality and quantity and would absolutely tell anyone from Chicago or on vacation to give this place a try.Wonderful decor. The common table is a bit unnerving at first, but the "sharing is caring" attitude it promotes actually enhances the ambiance. The medjool dates and pork shoulders, like everyone said, have very deep flavors. The focaccia dripping of ricotta and taleggio cheese is huuuuuuge - really two large tapas in one.The pork shoulders is no diet food. Only thing we'd like to see is a bit of starch on the side.To begin, this place doesn't make reservations so to avoid an 1hr and a half wait, be sure to make it either an early (4-6:30) or late (10:00+) dinner. I hate to start off with mention of the Chorizo Stuffed Dates, but it truly was the best item we had. The whole white fish at m.p. averaged about $40, but had lots of meat, was well grilled and full of flavor. The Prosciutto plate was fresh and garnered with apple, parmesan, and candied walnuts; perfect combination.Unfortunately, I have to report that after the great reviews I was realllllly disappointed by the pork shoulder. Ours had rice and was overly salty. Tasted like the rice and pork shoulder had been seasoned separately resulting in an unbalanced flavoring once combined. My hubby is a carnivore but couldn't enjoy this dish :(.  However, the chocolate pave desert compensated for it.Everyone is right. Get the stuffed dates. Pass on the Butcher Steak.Based on a 3 day visit to Chicago where all I did was eat and do things until I was ready to eat again, Avec was THE highlight of my trip. Everything was absolutely delectable, and I would come back (again and again) to try every single thing on the menu.  Even though it's featured as a wine bar, the large and small plates are delicious (I'm 99.999% positive that they have a seasonal menu, btw). I tried Publican, but next time I'm in Chicago, you'll find me at Avec or Blackbird (which I haven't tried yet).I came here for brunch when I visited Chicago. The dishes are well made and fresh. The chorizo-stuffed medjool dates dish is pretty impressive.A summer evening with friends and a minor culinary adventure to be had.  Arriving at 7:30 we waited for an opening inside at the silver bar height tables on the sidewalk guzzling Pellegrino.  Moments later the hostess arrived and shuttled us in to a small space at one of the gaps in between the long tables hugging the wall.  Cramped in between some bankers and the early 30s crowd; this communal dining thing was tight.  I should have fought for the booth as the wooden minimalist chairs that match the table and walls have no back rest, leaving me aching still.  That said, service was swift and friendly.  Our small plates arrived in short order so we were feasting on olives (which weren't anything that different than the Trader Joe's selection of Kalamata and Greek olives), delicious bread and Tasmanian ocean trout baked in a nice sharp tasting sauce in no time.  Sausage stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with a still gurgling red sauce were next and fantastic only topped by our final dish the red wine sausage with black grapes and polenta.  Desert was sorbets and a Cannoli that seemed to have hybridized with some baklava creating a wonderful filling but not as crispy a shell as was expected, accompanied with Espressos and Cappuchinos and an Avec (shot of espresso and some cognac).All in all we were out of there with the shortest tab I've had all week at $90 for 3 people; however, our alcohol consisted of merely the small amount of cognac this time and the present company did not like cheese.  Match the rest of the meal with those two old friends and of course the bill shall rise.  Overall I'd describe it as a step above some of the Tapas bars and a good experience.Sweet mother of God. Truly amazing, superlative food, served in a bit of a quirky setting, yes, but listen to me when I say that's definitely a worthwhile tradeoff for the simply phenomenal eats.We were seated immediately around 6:30pm on a Saturday at the chef's counter near the back, which I would also describe as foodie heaven. Watching the chefs work was a real treat -- it was incredibly awesome (and eye-opening!) to watch the full preparation of every dish.Service is quick but polite -- we split a bottle of rose and when the bottle wasn't chilled, they gave us a couple of glasses on the house while we waited for it to cool on ice. Classy.Food was phenomenal - I had to try the dates based on all the other reviews and wow - they did not disappoint. The cheese plate was great with fairly generous portions of three cheeses picked from a list of around eighteen -- the fruit, quince, and nuts that accompany it were simple yet amazing as well. We also had the pasta made vegetarian, which was great -- I'm sure it's a second to the pasta with seafood, but seriously great layers of flavor and texture -- the earthy crunch of a carrot or bit of zucchini at the start with chewy fresh pasta in the middle and a flair of herbs at the end -- wow.So yeah. Wow. If you're there as a couple, take the bar seating! It's as easy for conversation as a spot at the communal tables and you can get seated faster.Chorizo-Stuffed Dates!and...............    scene.No really, there were other things at Avec worth talking about.First night in Chicago and the plan the entire time was trying out Avec.  This place is really great and really well put together.  A small narrow lined restaurant with no frills but the food.We ordered drinks and I changed my mind second round to what the girlfriend was drinking.  Blanche De Namur.  A tasty and incredibly smooth Belgium with Coriander.  Amazing beer that I hope I can find elsewhere.The night was all about small plates.  I'm not going to detail out the entire evening for you, but I'll tell you about the two highlights.We of course started with the dates.  Medjool dates stuffed with Chorizo and wrapped in bacon that was then covered in a piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.The other winner was the Cuttlefish.  Tomato braised with poblano vinaigrette and a bulgur wheat salad.  As much as I love a good protein in my meal, I was really craving some more bulgur wheat over the fish.  The fish was dense and not too fishy,  Light at the same time and really tasty with a rich tomato flavor.  The Pepper Vin wasn't spicy (hence the poblano) and all flavors molded perfectly for an amazing dish.Avec was a  success.  Food, atmosphere, service, drinks... the whole thing. You're missing out if you haven't been.Came here on a Thursday night with 2 co-workers/friends and loved it!  It wasn't too packed yet so we were lucky to get seats right away.  The staff is really friendly and even offered to store our laptops/coats. The atmosphere was very fun and hip...I felt like I was back in SF.Wine and food were amazing. I wasn't in charge of ordering since one of my co-workers had been there before and was adament on what we should try (definitely the cheese dish).  As far as communal seating, it was fine...we ended up overhearing conversations from the group next to us and vice versa...so chatted them up for the latter half of the evening. Fun if you're open to chatting with strangers. I will definitely come here again...but preferably on the company's budget again.  I got a glimpse of the bill and was pleasantly surprised that my co-worker had gotten pre-approval to charge it in!The stars are for the food and the atmosphere only and I want to make sure that's clear. Everything was delicious, but the waitress was horrid. I never wish upon anyone to sit with her again. I felt like I was being sold jewelry rather than shown passion towards the food selections and favorites.I was here for my boyfriends birthday, so we had pretty much everything on the small plates and the cheeses menu since we were too glutinous to try as much as possible since dish after dish tasted amazing. The French food isn't actually traditional though, but I love the spin on some modern American dishes. I'm thinking of taking my mom here for her birthday.It is community seating so be aware if you like your own space. Most of the time though people converse so a good time is almost guaranteed.Great restaurant, innovative dishes.  The seating arrangements are unique, if you want a table you'll be seated next to strangers - for "privacy" go to the bar.Large dishes are fun to share but if you like stuff no one else will want then small dishes are perfect.  I went here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night and was seated at the bar quickly (they have a coat check also).  Don't want to spoil the dishes but you can look them up on their website, wine list is extensive and you can have fun pairing it with your meals.I will definitely come back when more of my friends come to visit me and want to see a fun place we can't find in Houston.Moderate meal for 2 with wine and desert will run you around $100 including a good tip.My GF and i had some flight vouchers with Southwest and decided to go to Chicago to visit a friend of hers who moved there recently. We decided we wanted to take her some place nice for letting us stay at her place and showing us around all weekend. I was hoping to make it to Alinea, but i was too slow trying to get a reservation, so that will have to wait for a future trip. She'd already been to the famous Frontera Grill, so that was off the list too. We decided something mellow and laid back would be good, and i remember Tony Bourdain mentioning Avec in one of his books as one of his favorite places in Chicago that had great food, but none of the other crap you have to deal with at fine dining restaurants. They don't do reservations. We showed up around 8pm on a saturday night (probably not the best idea) and ended up having to wait just over an hour for a table. The place is very small, modern architecture, with obvious Japanese influences (geometric shapes, simple design, light wood, communal seating, etc) in the design of the restaurant, not the food. The food is mostly french, spanish, italian inspired small plates. So here's what we got:House Marinated Olives - even though these were just olives, they we ridiculously good. Really soft with lots of meat. Really delicious. Avec Salad - Really nice. Nothing too flashy or exciting, just a really nice, delicious, perfectly dressed salad. Pot Roast - This was done kind of vietnamese style with carrots and cilantro. It was really good and a twist on a traditionally delicious but kind of ho-hum dish that screams 1950's suzy home maker. This was certainly unlike most pot roast dishes. Focaccia - Basically two super thin pizza crusts sandwiched together with taleggio cheese, truffle oil, and herbs. Again, very simple, and oh so delicious. Chorizo Stuffed Dates Wrapped in Smoked Bacon and Served in Piquillo Pepper Tomato Sauce - This was easily the star of the show. These little nuggets of joy had me about to pee in my pants. The heat of the sauce and the charizo, the smokiness of the bacon, the sweetness of the date, all wrapped into a little nugget of modest, no frills, mind blowing deliciousness. No super trendy and expensive gimmicky ingredients like foie gras, wagyu beef or truffles, just wonderful. Most dishes we ordered came with home made bread that was great. The servers were tattooed and casual enough to not be stuffy, but not obnoxiously alternative. Our waitress was just about perfect, we tipped very well. Not only was the food and the service fantastic, but for three people (granted, we didn't order wine), we all left stuffed, and the total before tip was under $60. That's a beautiful thing.It was my first time in Chicago and I was really looking forward to trying this place, and it was everything that I hoped for!!!! I came on a Sunday evening, and the place was packed! They don't take reservations so after waiting for about 30 minutes or so, me and 2 friends were finally seated. The interior of the place is really amazing, the kitchen is exposed and the place has a very cool vibe. On the menu, there are "small plates" and "large plates." The large plates and reasonably priced for how much you get so that was a really great surprise. The place emphasizes more of a "family-style" meal where you share among your party. I thought everything tasted great, especially those dates that everyone was raving about. Avec was so delicious and absolutely met my expectations. Awesome wine list too! Don't let the wait stop you from coming to this restaurant, it was definitely one of the better meals that I have had in a while and it didn't leave a huge dent in my wallet! I spent about 30 dollar excluding tip, which included a 14 dollar glass of red wine (particularly one of the more expensive wines) and 3 small plates and a large plate shared among 2 other people.Pure fine dining.  The deluxe focaccia will melt in your mouth, if you only order one thing...this should be it.Chorizo stuffed dates were the best I've ever had.The wine list is amazing.The owner has great taste!Whenever somebody asks me for restaurant recommendations in Chicago, Avec always makes the list.The other reviews pretty much nail it.  Some of the best food in the entire city, without the price tag.  The space is small and, well...communal.  But if you can get past that (and you should), I can't think of another Chicago establishment that rivals Avec in creating interesting and affordable food with quality ingredients.No reservations, so be prepared to wait during peak times.  Now that a bevy of places to booze have (finally) opened in the area, you should be able to entertain yourself for an hour or so while you wait.I definitely expected more. The ambience was interesting (fun, but really crowded), the service was a bit lackluster (we had to flag our server down for more drinks), and the food was ok, but nothing special. I even found the dates (that everyone seems to love) just heavy. I might be inclined to try it again, but with all the other great food options in Chicago (ie, Longman & Eagle), it probably won't happen.Avec is a very unique dining experience. Normally you don't associate cramped seating and florescent lighting with great food and great atmosphere but they managed to do just that. We got there at 8:30pm on a Friday night but were not seating until an hour later. The maitre d' directed us to Meiji next door for drinks and since we weren't in any hurry, it was fine. But if you're not the patient type, subtract at least 1 star. When we were finally seated, we found ourselves sitting shoulder to shoulder at a table that really shouldn't seat 4 on the wall (bench seating) and 4 wooden blocks facing the wall. Given the close proximity you can't help not to eavesdrop on your neighbors and if you happen to sit next to obnoxious/lame people, subtract another star.On to the food. I know the chorizo-stuffed dates come highly recommended but I did not find it all that special. But that's more than made up by the duck sausage, the cod and the spaghetti w/ mussels. The whole experience took 1.5 hours but I never felt like the service was slow. The booze helped. They have a very surprisingly inexpensive wine list.This restaurant really is as good as it gets. I LOVE fine dining, but sometimes you just want to relax with a few friends. Avec is the perfect marriage of fabulous high-quality food and a casual, laid back atmosphere. It's the perfect place to go when you and your friends want to spend a little more but don't want to be the only non-couple table in the restaurant.Not that it's expensive - every time I come here I'm amazed at how much food and wine I get for the price. I don't think I've spent more that $40 for myself, and that included a bottle of wine for the table and plenty of tapas to make me happy.The chorizo-stuffed dates -- get them. They're fabulous. They used to have this duck sausage on the menu which was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten, but sadly that has been replaced. There are always interesting and new things on the menu though, so it's a fair trade-off. No reservations, bleh, but hit it up on a week night - I usually don't have a wait then. Absolutely fabulous place - definitely one of my favorites.Really great food. When you first walk in you smell some great things going on...The service was excellent and the hostess was really quite nice. I loved the casual yet friendly attitude about the whole place, no snotty personalities here. It is always pretty bustling, well it has the few times I have been there the place is shaped kind of like a bowling alley. The food was very fresh and seasoned really well. The open kitchen was great and if you are a vegetarian you do have options here which is pretty nice :) We had 2 in our group this last time and we were all able to find something to eat. Some FYI's to you...If you do not like communal seating this is not the place for you as you will be sharing one large table with some local or not so local strangers....also the person at the end (on the bench side)will have to constantly have to get up and down to let people out to use the bathroom or get up....it was a little annoying (this may be the only design flaw) I counted I got up 5 times in a period of 1 hour the last time I was there...the constant up and down, but the people who sat next to us were very friendly and kind and felt bad about the up and down. The last time I ate there it was around 630 on a Sunday and waited for about 10 minutes for a table of 3 that was pretty good. I appreciated this last thing which could be kind of strange...Our group was sitting at the end close to the back of the place and one of the cooks came out from behind the kitchen (headed somewhere) and he was kind enough to let me know/notice my phone and purse were on the ground so I wouldn't of course freak out 10 minutes later. I thought that was way nice :)Blonde wood and sexy!!! The interior reminded me of  David Chang's Ssam Bar, NY but it ends there...We arrived on the tail end of dinner... F, T, M and A had been far into the meal (missed out on lots of amazing dishes) so what ever came out BFF and I ate it.Missed out on:Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce  9 (but licked the sauce on the spoon -omg yums)Salumi and had a tease of the cheese plate (what's going on here soooo much tastier than NY)Housemade wild boar sausage with wild rice, poblanos, Nichols Farm currants and spring onions  12  (really good and I'm not that into sausage!)Marinated hanger steak with spigarello, guanciale, celery, tomato and strawberry salsa  12  (could this be any tastier and more tender??? excellent flavors)A mix of summer beans and vegetables light dressing -heavenly.James Beard Nomination and for a GOOD reason.  Organic white wine in gorgeous mini goblet glasses -class all the way through :-)I high recommend Avec just check out the website and be ready to drool --no lies.  This place is very casual with communal seating and a must!!!!Side Note:It totally sucked that we had to eat and run in order to see the last two shows at Lollapalooza.  Good thing we had All Access VIP backstage -made it just in time!Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates. Salumi assortment. Prosciutto with peaches. These are a few of my favorite things!!It's a cozy, contemporary space. We shared a table with two other groups but it's easy to forget that you're rubbing elbows with a stranger. Great food in a laid back atmosphere. What more could you ask for?Ummm... It was OK.I've been here several times. Chorizo Stuffed Dates, awesome. Best friggin' Brandade one will ever find in in the US.Last time I was here though...Apple Salad was perfectly good, so no complaints. Actually, it was delicious.Olive plate was fantastic.The Olive Oil Poached Tuna... may as well have had canned tuna, honestly. I got the whole idea of confit or rillette, but this just wasn't that great.Brandade was still phenomenal.Escargot With Sauerkraut. At 10a the next day, it was the gift that was still giving. While kinda tasty at the moment (though, far few escargots in the dish) if I'm still tasting it it in burps the next day... There is something wrong here! Other two in party issued same reports (rapports?)With two friends whom were mildly flirting with the waiter, the girl placed far too much trusted judgment in his selection of wines... Brought this rather foul '99 White Rioja that was pure oxidation. I'm OK with sherrys and sherry notes in a wine... This was cooked and oxidized. Absolute crap and undrinkable. The guy (whom was also flirting with the waiter), thought it was fairly awful too.I've had excellent meals here and have always appreciated their rather eclectic wine list.  It's been a while since I've been.I am not sure if this is going to be an excited choice to come back to.Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with bacon alone puts this restaurant in the 5 star range.  Ordering 4 orders for 4 people seemed a bit gluttonous but who cares.  We probably already gained 10 pounds over the weekend so whats 2-3 more.  Anyways, a perfect combination of sweet and savory but what can you expect from chorizo, dates, and the clincher - bacon.The last restaurant of a few days of good food, drinks, music and friends.  It was a weekend of music festival debauchery so this could have easily been perceived as mediocre based on burnout but ended up one of the highlights of the weekend - in terms of food.Me oh my - let's come back tomorrow.We just moved to Chicago yesterday and after going to Frontera on the first night, we couldn't hold ourselves back from Avec any longer. All our previous trips to Chicago as visitors hadn't left enough time for a stop here but now as locals there was plenty.We shared 3 small plates and a bottle of wine. The wine was just fabulous and complimented our bacon wrapped chorizo dates, hangar steak with melted bone marrow/lentils, and oven roasted squid fideus wonderfully. The downside? All these dishes were competing for attention and were a bit heavy handed in the seasonings but I would certainly vote them among some of the more flavorful and well cooked things I have had thus far in my life. I would just suggest a salad or something crisp/delicate/acidic to break up the heavy flavors of such heavy dishes.Cannot wait to go back to try Avec again.Best priced wine in the city IMO. Pinot noir. YUM. Amazing dates, pretty good focaccia (i prefer mine slightly more bread-y). Don't get the steak. SUPER chewy and not pleasant to eat.Mmm...writing this makes me want to place a take out order of those dates...I'm tempted to write a really bad review to hope that some of the throngs of diners will stay away. But this is a love story, and I am no good at lying. Maybe you just won't find the hidden door and let that deter you...I have never had a bad meal here. I have woken up in the middle of the night recalling things I have eaten and wanting to eat them again. If anyone from out of town ever asks for a recommendation of where to go- first words out of my mouth-Avec. Yes there is always a wait if you don't time it correctly. Yes it's communal seating. Thank you for not liking it- so I have a better chance of sitting right away when I show up. I recommend sitting at the bar, you get a better look at the chefs preparing inventive seasonal cuisine. The wines are always delicious and I've tried not to order the foccacia but it's a sin not to. FYI it's supposed to be subtle and light tasting not bursting with crazy flavors. Pork shoulder melts in your mouth...I'll stop here because I think i've already given TMI.Everything was salty. I sat at the end of the long bench (which meant I had to keep getting up whenever anyone needed to get in and out). Delicious bread, but everything else was mediocre. Maybe I went on an off night? Not interested in going back.I didn't try any of the wine but the tapas were amazing.  We went during a weird time (4pm) so there wasn't much of a wait....however, 2 of us were sat between a loud party of 4, and an awkward first/second date.   Guess you can call it dinner and entertainment.  #sorryforearhustlingI went there 3 times and I finally came to this conclusion:- 1 for atmosphere, it looks like my parents' sauna- 1 for sharing table with strangers, I'm a big snob, I know- 1 for not taking reservations- 1 for being loud- 1 it smells by the kitchenBut I guess food and service are the most important things, so...+ 3 for food, it's really good+ 3 for service+ 1 for wine and beer selection+ 1 for having Moscato d'AstiI would not go back because I have been there too many times already, but I will definitely recommend it...unless you are not willing to wait at least 30 min (on a week night, don't want to know on weekends) to be seatedI really love this place.  The ambiance is cool, the staff is super friendly and knowledgable and the food is great.  Will definitely go back!Go here with a few friends, order a bottle of wine and enjoy the family style seating and dining.  Low key, yet hip atmosphere makes this a very unique place.What can be said of the Medjool dates wrapped in smoked bacon and stuffed with Spanish chorizo? TAASSSSTY!the way the bacon fat melds with the date skin,  beyond description. If you like a late dinner, a variety of flavors and a staff and kitchen that now how a meal should be served (i.e. not everything as once) head to Avec.The menu changes slightly with the seasons, as it should. The prices are reasonable for the quality.If you are having foodie friends in from out of town on short notice, make the trip to Avec.Whoa! Welcome to Chicago!! And what an introduction it was!It was our first night in Chicago and we had a wonderful dinner at Avec! Is this entire review going to be full of exclamation marks?? Probably.No reservations, so choosing off nights or going early is beneficial. We did both. We were a party of four which was perfect for this establishment. Not too large, but enough of us to order a few different options and sample each others dishes.There was not a single complaint from me here. I loved the decor! Our server was wonderful (and very tolerant). We enjoyed our wines and the food doubly so. I would absolutely INSIST you don't take my word for it and go see for yourself. Bon Appetite, have a wonderful meal!I went to Chicago last week for the first time.  I consider myself a foodie and since Chicago is known for it's great food, I was on the search for some place fantastic.  Avec did not disappoint!Although we had to wait, which seemed atleast 30-40 mins, my friend and I ordered a bottle while waiting outside.  The server recommended the 05 Mas de Gourgonnier Les Baux de Provence which was great.We ended up ordering the pea crostini, salmon (if only I knew how to make salmon at home this good), hangar steak, and homemade tagliatelle (a little peppery for my taste.)  If it had a couple pinches less of pepper, it would have been perfect.  You could really tell the food was made of quality fresh ingredients. Then the cannoli for dessert (normally I wouldn't order it, but it was alright.)The restaurant has communal seating, so get ready to learn more about your neighbors.  Luckily for us, we were seated next to a married couple who were labor rights lawyers from DC.  We talked about their recent trip to Seattle (where I currently live) and which restaurants they visited.  They were unable to finish their wine and ended up giving the rest to us since we recommended it to them (score!)The dinner ended 3 hours later but once seated the time flew by fast, we didn't even notice it was so late.  Come to Avec, order a bottle, and try a few dishes.  I promise you won't regret it!I think I really mean three and a half stars...either way, I feel like I'm committing some kind of heresy.  Don't get me wrong: the food is amazing, and if I had to rate this place on the food alone, I might give it five stars, but the experience of eating here was just not what I tend to enjoy.  The place is super-loud and the chances of being seated next to a loud and obnoxious group can be rather high.  When that happens it is annoying and severely detracts from one's enjoyment of one's meal.Anyway, I really, really wanted to love this place.  I had heard such positive things about the food, but for me it's the entire package--the setting and experience as well as the food that's important.  So in this case, even though I loved the food (we had the shaved brussels sprout salad, which had a piquant but beautifully balanced dressing; the artichoke bruschetta, which was like a salad on toasts and very tasty; the brandade, which was hearty and satisfying--love the cod and potato combination; and the rouget--perfectly cooked), the reality of being seated at the center of the long table with two loud, obnoxious groups on either side of us ruined everything.  Partly it is an age thing, but it's also an I-dislike-dining-with-idiots thing...I love this place - wood wood wood and incredible food at relatively inexpensive prices.I've been twice, once on a wed night and most recently on a sunday night. Both times there was about a 20 min wait, enough to enjoy a glass of wine.  Some of the food like the choizo stuff dates is the best ever, but some of the salads are not that great, just good.  And I love the wood atmosphere.  Wood ceilings, wood walls, and thick wood picnic tables.  Service was perfect, even the hostess was nice, friendly, and accomadating (it can get crowded waiting for a table).I was on the fence about giving it 5 stars and there's 2 reasons why its not "as good as it gets" - waiting for a table can be an uncomfortable constant shuffling and some of the food is just good, not great.Grace under fire.  Somehow, the hostess is always gracious, friendly, smiling even when telling in you in close quarters that it will be 1h 30m till you'll be seated.  Stand around, drink some wine by the 250 (great, interesting list) and wait your turn, it's worth it.Flourescent lights are the great equalizer and eating in an inactive sauna really does add an intimacy, especially when you're touching thighs with the stranger next to you.Pay special attention to the colored napkin game they play, it's amusing.  Do they match your pants, their taste, or something else?I almost gave this place 3 stars but then I remembered the chorizo-stuffed dates. The dates alone are worth the wait (which was about 1.5 hrs). The braised pork shoulder was delicious as was the focaccia.The staff was a little stuffy but the waitress knew the menu inside and out which is always nice. She did however attempt to top off our wine glasses and spilled wine all over the table and some of our bread. No sorry, no let me get you some more bread, no let me wipe that up for you... poof she was gone!The design of the space is wonderful, it's a lot like sitting in the middle of a giant log with a glass bottle back wall. It's open, it's loud, it's communal... It also seemed to be a good mix of people from business class to hipsters, all are "welcome" here.The wine and beer selection was unique and clearly some thought was put into pairing.What are you waiting for? go get some!Not sure where I can start with this review.  This is possibly one of my favorite restaurants I've been to in a while.  The layout reminds me of a restaurant in San Francisco. It was very narrow, and we had to share tables with several different parties. I love that you can share everything that you order on the menu. The service was great, and you can see the chefs cooking right behind the counter.  We ordered, in order of most favorite to least favorite:1. Deluxe focaccia - it might have been the truffle oil, but this was so tasty. It may be my favorite because it surprised me the most.2. Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates 3. Marinated hanger steak 4. La Quercia prosiutto5. Nichols Farm asparagus crostini6. Coffee braised pork ribsFor dessert we had a peach turnover with vanilla ice cream on top, which topped off a wonderfully delicious dinner.  All plates filled the three of us up, and I'd definitely go back again if I'm in Chicago!Totally worth the wait! We showed up on a thursday night and the place was packed with people that overfilled the sidewalk. We were told that the wait for 2 would be over an hour. I was a little iffy about waiting but my bf insisted that we eat there. So we got a glass of wine and sat on the sidewalk. Thank goodness we waited because the food was AMAZING! We sat at the counter and enjoyed watching the chef in action.The medjool dates stuffed with chorizo were INSANELY GOOD! (my favorite)We also ordered the pork shoulder (sooo tender and the sauce was amazing!)Whipped brandade (creamy and delicious! reminds me of a creamy crab dip)And the Trofie pasta with blood sausage, bacon, grilled radicchio and tomato (cooked perfectly!)We were stuffed by the end and agreed that we shouldn't have ordered so much. But when we thought about which item we should have eliminated but we couldn't decide! We concluded that if everything was in the small plate portion size it would have been perfect!I'd give this place a five if I wasn't such so claustrophobic. It's a very small space and we shared tables with other patrons. No big deal, just an unexpected surprise considering this is one of the best restaurants in Chicago according to friends. The wait wasn't as long as I thought it would be-- we waited about 30 minutes on a Sunday night and had some amazing libations at Meji Sushi restaurant next door (hit that saketini).  I was looking forward to their blood sausage pasta and was disappointed that they did not have it... Fortunately, everything else I ate blew my mind.  Especially the bacon-wrapped dates. A few other highlights: Saffron-marinated chicken thigh with cabbage agridolce, crimini mushroom and frisee salad and caraway creme fraiche vinaigrette, and the crispy sweetbreads with roasted beets, watercress and goat cheese bechamel.I tried the pork shoulder, but I wasn't a fan. It was good, but all of the other dishes seemed to outshine the Yelp favorite.Overall, it was one of my favorite spots to eat in Chicago-- but there were tons of mini gems in the wonderful city that stole my stomach.Unfortunately, no matter how good the food is, if you are uncomfortable, you will not return.  This is how we felt when the four of us went to Avec in the middle of the week for dinner.  It is cafeteria-style seating so you get to hear your neighbors conversations. The music was extremely loud, making conversation among our party virtually impossible since a person needs to shout in order to be heard, as some people did.  Nonetheless, the wine recommendations were great and the chorizo-stuffed dates were the hit of the evening.I am 100% sure that I will never return to Avec.  There are too many other places to try in Chicago.I love Avec, I never get tired of going there.One thing though... I really didn't like the stewed pork shoulder... it was rather bland and not what I expected.Tip: Any time they have Skate- ORDER IT! Or any other fish dish in the small plates section really...Also-Great wine and beer selection, and the chorizo stuffed dates are always yummy :)I went to Avec on a Saturday night and was seated within 30 mins.  Since it seems almost impossible to eat anywhere decent in Chicago right now without booking a reservation 2 weeks in advance, we were happy to wait it out a bit for Avec.  Plus we always go 2 doors down to have a drink while we wait, this ends up working out great because they just call your cell when your table is ready!  This was the second time I have been here and it never disappoints.It is a tight fit, but I like the communal tables.  They did a great job with the space given.  They take your coats and get you going right away.  Love the tapas/ family style, so everyone gets a bit of everything.  What I want to talk about is the amazing food!  I love reading reviews about specific items to order so here it goes...Chorizo stuffed dates....nearly-made-me-fall-off-my-chair-goodApple Salad w/ Manchango - who knew a simple salad could have so much flavor.Special of the day - Mushroom salad - I didn't even know I was eating mushrooms, such a unique and delicious recipeHangar Steak - So tender and wonderful, never would have guess the cut of steakSturgeon - A steaky fish but so tender and moist.Finally, we were told by the person next to us that we have to try the Deluxe focaccia with cheese and truffle oil.  We were too full that night, but I will go back just for that next time!This review is about a year late, but most likely due to the fact that I'm too busy eating here to write a review.In my top 3 favorite restaurants in Chicago. Every person I bring here it also becomes their favorite. Chorizo-bacon wrapped dates are by far one of the best I've had anywhere, and the prosciutto is a must!Had the honor of eating here in 2006. I immediately loved the atmosphere because it felt like a happening spot! It's communal seating (not everyone's favorite) added to the restaurant's vibe. We had a bit of a wait but with a swanky patio outside where cocktails can be tossed around it's all good! Since it's been 5 years I honestly don't remember what we had but it was mighty fine. The real test of a great experience is if, years down the road, you look back and reminisce joyful memories like these. (I think we had the dates and pork shoulder... from a deep vault in my memory bank I think both were yum but the dates slightly yummier. Chi-town is for foodies. Not that I truly know but so I've heard, often.Avec is VERY small and they do not take reservations. Be prepared to wait but worth every minute. Communal tables so you'll be literally right next to another party. Interior decor looks like a sauna (definitely does NOT feel like a sauna even when its a full house and you're sitting by the wood fire). Wooden ceiling, walls, tables, and chairs. Back wall is of wine bottles. Front window wall opens up during the summer. Exceptional service from the moment you enter the door till you leave. You will not leave disappointed. Party of 3 and here is what we ordered ---shaved Brussels sprout salad with fennel, Parmesan, dill and brown butter-orange vinaigrette (Personally was not a fan of the salad because I do not like the taste and texture of brussels sprout. BUT my sister who loves brussels sprouts really enjoyed it.)-chorizo stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper tomato sauce (MUST MUST MUST order the dates!! One bite and there's a party in your mouth. Its sweet, spicy, smokey, and just AMAZING!)- marinated hangar steak with grapefruit, escarole, balsamic and basil mustard (Steak was beautifully cooked medium rare. All the components in the dish really complimented each other)- wood fired flatbread with rapini, grilled onions, mozzarella and egg (The "pizza" was very earthly and delicious. Its interesting how they use the egg as the sauce.)- roasted half chicken with confit fingerlings, ras al hanout, sliced almonds, mustard greens and cerignola olives (The chicken was very moist and delicious but it seemed a little over rated and a little salty. It's very "original" compared to the other dishes on the menu.)- chocolate crepes with mascarpone and housemade 'nutella' (Now this is how you end your meal. It tasted like a ferrero rocher chocolate. Obviously since it has the same components minus the mascarpone. But it was DELICIOUS. My boyfriend said he could eat it every day but 3 times the serving!)Enjoy!This was my favorite place that I dined at while in Chicago.  We came on a Monday night around 8:00pm and were seated immediately.  I think I went a little overboard with the ordering since most tapas style restaurants have smaller portions - this was NOT THE CASE AT AVEC!  My bf and I shared five plates (like I said, I went overboard. lol) and by the fourth plate we were stuffed. Some of our favorites were the Focaccia bread, the hanger steak, and the chorizo dates.  Aside from the food, the service and ambiance were spot on. Do yourself a favor and make plans to come for dinner asap.DELICIOUS.  Came here on a weekend trip to Chicago with some friends.  Wait was about 40 minutes, which was less than expected.  They have a nice little patio outside and we had some drinks.The place is not huge.  The tables are shared, which I actually like.  Food is tapas style and we shared several dishes.  All were amazing.  The salmon and corn was wonderful and the chorizo-stuffed dates were A-MAZ-ING.Overall, great food, great wine, great staff and great experience. I will definitely be back when I am in Chicago.This was a top stop on our Chicago trip! We went on a Thursday evening around 9pm and did not have to wait for one minute! It was perfect. We got a table towards the back and eagerly awaited some grub.Here's what we had:"deluxe" focaccia - I could eat this all day, man was it nice and tasty! The cheese is the perfect compliment to the salty focacciapork shoulder - this was SO tender and AMAZING, I could've eaten the entire plate on my ownchorizo stuffed dates - now, I'm not even a date lover (I KNOW), but these were SO good, so tasty and delishhanger steak - cooked to perfection. nothing else seemed to matterEverything from the atmosphere to the grub to the service to the wine was awesome. YUM.I never thought I'd say this, but...YUM PORK SHOULDER!!!We went here very late on a Wednesday night and it looked like there may be a wait, but we got a table for four right away. The atmosphere was very cool and we loved the energy. Our server was fantastic, adorable, and VERY knowledgeable about wine pairings. She recommended the exact right amount of food, which was pretty impressive. The wine selection and food were FANTASTIC, especially the PORK SHOULDER, as previously mentioned. Our dessert was pretty unremarkable though, so unremarkable that I don't even remember it. Go here as soon as you can!Chicago was a let down for me, overall. I know, I know, work trips are not fun... but Avec was the only highlight of the city for me last time I went.The food was absolutely stellar (dates! oh god!!! yes!), the wine and beer list were awesome, and I actually loved the communal seating. Probably not the best spot for a date as it was _so cozy_ I spent my whole dinner listening to other people's sad first dates, but I liked it nonetheless.Service was... well... icy at best. But competent.People I know with the most discerning taste love this place and with 700 + reviews suggesting as much, I'm assuming my experience here was just an off night (and hopefully not that they have gone downhill).  While I'm not one to whine about things like ambiance, in this situation it took away from the food and is worth mentioning.  I'm not sure if the heater had died, but the temperature was 20-30 degrees during our meal.  Granted sometimes these things happen, we never received even an explanation in the multiple times we mentioned it with a waitress that was spacey at best and mostly just MIA. - not what I would expect at a place like this.Unfortunately it was too cold to think much, let alone enjoy our meal, so it's hard for me to come up with specifics, but these are the things I remember.  The cheese platter was served ice cold.  Why would a place like this improperly serve cheese?  Not okay.  And the chocolate dessert was a nestle bar described to sound better.When I think back on my favorite meals in Chicago and what I miss most about the place, Avec is number one. I've either ordered or tasted basically everything on the menu and the food never failed to impress. Come here with a friend, or a date, or a frenemy. Sit at the bar (I've had better service there). Eat,  drink, share and be merry. Know that it's hard to get better than this.Definitely have the dates with bacon.  Then go home and make them as an appetizer for your next function.  Simple yet delicious and impressive.One word: DATES!Get the dates. Just trust me!!This was our second visit to Avec. We completely fell in love the first time we were there. Clearly, we started with dates! Mind blowing!Then, we got the chicken confit. Also, so yummy.For our main course, we had the pork shoulder. It's like butter. DELISH!For dessert, we had the chocolate crisps and the crepes. The chocolate crisps were pretty blah, but the crepe was tasty.This is a must eat when we visit Chicago. Plus, the kitchen is open late. YAY!The dates are as good as everyone says but the chicken with pomegranate and asparagus was the highlight when I came here last week. The dish was so beautifully presented that I had to stare at it a bit and soak it in before I could destroy it. The squid pasta was amazing but my second favorite dish was the whitefish with avocado creme and beets. Great beer list.Beware of being seated by the door in winter...you will feel how cold it is every time someone comes in because someone comes in every few minutes. I don't mind communal tables but when this place is packed it borders on insanity. It feels like being on a crowded plane that serves the best food ever.4.5 starsChorizo stuffed dates is all you need to know-- and really is the standout dish of this restaurant. I've often found this appetizer at other restaurants to be way way too sweet, but Avec has found perfection in this dish.The prices won't break the bank, but the wait can be forever on a weekend night (an hour and half!). So I recommend giving them your phone number and heading over to Sepia (around the corner) for some delish drinks! We also tried the foccacia with taleggio cheese and truffle oil. I'm always over the moon about truffle, but this dish was sorta drippy but still tasty. Pork shoulder was cooked well (tender!) but a little too meaty/porky for me--would try something else next time. We also had the squid, but I found the execution of this dish a little strange (squid in tiny thin slices?). Definitely would love to come back and would highly recommend you check it out!I'm not sure how I feel about Avec. I wasn't blown away by the food and I wasn't underwhelmed by the food. The food was good, but not great. I think I had really high expectations going into dinner there and I personally like The Publican better. Of course that is only my opinion and I know many people would disagree with me. I ordered the chorizo stuffed dates which was probably my favorite of out of everything we ordered. The foccacia with tellegio and truffle oil was too heavy. I feel like if there were grilled onions or something acidic that could cut the fat, it would have been perfect. Hanger steak was good but nothing special. Octopus was good, but again nothing special. I liked the atmosphere. It was smaller than I had expected and quaint. I wish that these restaurants would incorporate some sound absorbing furniture though.Very trendyVery loud, the waiters can barely hear youThe food was delicious, but the braised pork was oddly dry, the cut was not fatty enough to handle the braising...Disappointing service, a bit uncaring or perceptive...or may e just awkwardLoved this place! This place is crowded at all times and doesn't take reservations, so just put your name in, give them your # and have a drink at one of the bars in the area while you wait. The restaurant has a very lively atmosphere-- it is small and crowded, so lots of hustle and bustle. The most important part about this restaurant is the food, though. It is outstanding. There were three of us at dinner, and we ordered two small plates and two large plates--plenty of food. The chorizo stuffed dates are a MUST--so much flavor in each bite, and a great, unique taste that I haven't had before. We also tried the pappardelle; this wasn't the most unique dish we ordered, but it was probably my favorite. The pasta had unbelievable flavor and the bolognese was delicious. The "deluxe" focaccia was also a great choice; the truffle oil and italian cheeses made for a very rich, creamy flavor that was balanced well with the salty, crisp focaccia. We also had the marinated steak which was cooked perfectly. I chose this place because it is on the Eater 38, and I was VERY happy with the choice. Will be going back.6 words - Chorizo Stuff Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates.  Pair that with the Atomium beer and I think I could stay there forever.  All around a great place to eat.  The staff was also very friendly.  The Atomium came as a recommendaiton and it was spot on.I had a great experience. Didn't make reservations, but was seated immediately on a Wednesday night. The food was tasty and novel. The portions were hearty. The waitresses were nice, and the environment warm. I really have nothing bad to say about Avec. Maybe the seats could be cushier. I would love to return to try the other dishes.Stellar food.  Lovely staff.  Slightly austere setting.There really isn't a whole lot for me to add that hasn't already been said.  Yes, it's true that the wait can be a pain, but it isn't as though you haven't been warned ahead of time, right?  And yes, the aesthetic is chaotic zen - crazy and clean - so be prepared to share your wooden table/bench with others.  Oh well.  It's good food, and if you wanna try the good food, you'll deal with the atmosphere.  If you don't like the schtick, you can go other places and have good food there too.  Meanwhile, I'll keep going - waiting next door at Blackbird for a table while having a few cocktails, squeezing in at either the counter or tables, and enjoying the hell out of my brandade and shortribs.My favorite!  It was this restaurant that made me realize the difference between home (Chicago) and Los Angeles (home of my alma mater): It's not about scene here - the food takes the spotlight.  Doing without reservations, the communal tables, and the beauty of the food in its savory delight and rustic simplicity is my perfect dining experience.Being a pork fiend and a frequent traveler of southern Europe, I come here not just because it's effing delicious but there's something awfully comforting with this place. The flavors of every dish are soooo rich and evoke warm summer memories. Proust to his madeleines dipped in tea is like me to avec's bacon-wrapped dates. If the bacon wasn't enough, the chorizo stuffed in it? omg. Plus the pimiento sauce? A bite into that takes me straight to Andalucia. But avec need not take you there with bells and whistles - the food will speak for its own once you take that first bite.Only one of a handful of restaurants I've been to multiple times because it's that good.The dates still rock.  Didn't like the flatbread so much, but the Avec salad and the new items I had - the crispy and spicy (thanks to the paprika aoili) frog's legs, and the awesome rouget, which was seared to perfection - more than made up for it.Even with only 2 people and a carafe of wine, the bill was still reasonable.  Had to wait 5 minutes despite showing up just short of 10pm.  This place is recession-proof, but there's plenty of reasons why!I went out with my boyfriend and two other friends to Avec this weekend.  I was excited for my first French food experience in Chicago.  I hadn't been to many communal table places, but I will say that it created a lot more space here.  We even chatted with the couple next to us about what they had.  Wisely, we decided to go at 5:00 to beat the dinner rush.  We were seated immediately.  I will note that while I just might have had bad luck, I was sorta beat up by the waiters.  My foot was stepped on once by our server, and then I knocked my head on the bus boy's elbow as I was getting up to leave! Bruises aside, the food was great.  It's a family style setting, so we ordered two large dishes:  The Focaccia Bread, which was warm and gooey and dripping with Taleggio cheese, and the Maccheroni, which had an interesting hint of lemon to it.  We also ordered three small dishes: the Medjool dates, smoked sausage and the flank steak.  All were outstanding and the perfect size to divide into four so we could all have a good-sized bite. When the bill came, we were beyond surprised that it only totaled to about $90 (not including tip and we didn't have any alcohol).  So far, Avec makes the list for the best food (and bang for your buck) that I have had in Chicago, and I will definitely be going backAfter moving to Chicago a little under a year, I have still not found a great restaurant like Avec - affordable in price, stellar dishes that reinvents itself. Every time I have dined here, I have never had a bad experience. Though the wait can be a killer (sometimes as long as 1.75 hrs) it is totally worth it, especially during the summer time when you can drink outside while you wait.The seating arrangements never caused any problems though going to the bathroom might make you feel like you took the window seat on an airplane (asking people to move while you squeeze through your way for the door). But in the end, this is the place I always take my guests from out of town for their first Chicago dinner, whether they're from New York, LA, or even Lancaster, PA.I went here on a date late Sunday night. Here are a few of my observations.The atmosphere is something to be either appreciated or loathed. While some liken the wood panels to a 'sauna,' I find it a refreshingly clean and non-disrupting backdrop to the food experience. The community dining aspect is also something that some can find abrasive -- it isn't for everyone -- but when experienced with an open mind, I think it's only positive to be able to relate to others about the plates, cheeses and wine. You learn and experience more than what's just in front of you, and isn't that what "Avec" (with) is all about?The service was attentive, knowledgeable, but also casual and unpretentious. The servers seem genuinely excited by the food and were generous when it came to sampling different wines before ordering them. The bussers were on top of their game and I was never want for anything.A potential downside is the lack of reservations, but again, for me, it only added to the sense of community. Avec strives for creating an egalitarian, communal environment which is a positive departure from upscale dining atmospheres. No snooty "I have a reservation here" elbow pushing. Just a wonderful dining experience that's sure to delight the senses.Thursday , 7:30  , 2 for dinnerWas told there would be a 30 minute wait but was seating in about 5 minutes.  Minimalist décor, a trendy spot.  No TVs!  Though perhaps not the best choice for a first date.  Seating is commune style so there isn't much privacy as you're seated shoulder to shoulder with other diners.  Could be fun, if you like to chat up strangers.  I only have 2 minor complaints:  (1)  It's a little on the loud side; I found it hard to maintain an easy conversation.   (2)  the chairs are hard, check out the restaurant pics, its like sitting on a coffee table, without a back.  Tough for a 2 hour dinner.  A +   Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates w/ smoked bacon and pepper-tomato sauce    you've heard it 100 times, and here it is again.  Get the dates.  Wonderful spicy delicious tomato sauceA +  Nichols Farm potato and cauliflower salad with haricots verts.  A surprise star for me.  I didn't think I'd like potatoe salad but again there was this wonderful spicinessA   Pan-roasted mackerel with mint-cured bacon, garbanzo beans.   Nice presentation, easy lemon flavor and of course bacon makes everything better.  I love garbanzo beans.B    Wood-fired flatbread with Spanish bonito tuna, celery root, pickled Melrose peppers, egg and market apples.   Maybe not the best choice.  A crisp crust, and meaty tuna taste.  Not over fishy, but the apples didn't add much to this dish.  And I wasn't as delighted as I was but everything else.   C+   Service.  Our waitor was maybe a little overworked?  I wanted to like him because he was pleasant and brief.  But one of our orders didn't make it in and he forgot about us halfway through the meal : we waited about 15 minutes for another round of drinks and 15 minutes for the check.Very reasonable pricing here and a good find.  The quality of food, sincere preparation, creativity & thought going into each dish; quit a treat I think.A super spot, with some minor logistical issues:  solid food, solid seating.Cool sleek space that makes the eater the decoration.Communal feel with a long simple/straight seating area.AMAZING! wine list with an unheard of selection of affordable choices;I'm a wine geek and love to just pour over thier list.Food is fantastic; small plates, Rustic French nouvo.Music is eclectic and good.Crowd can be questionable.  -but then again, who isn't a douche from time to time.Oh Avec, how I love you!  This is the perfect restaurant for some fine, fine food.  It's creative, cozy, savory, and fun, all wrapped in a unique experience.  First be warned - you'll have to wait in line for a long time or go super early like 5pm.  Everyone knows that the best places in Chicago have crazy long waits; that's why it's such a great food city.  You'll also be seated next to strangers on a communal bench.  The place kind of looks like a sauna haha.  It's quite the contrast from Blackbird, its more traditional next door neighbor restaurant that shares the same kitchen and chef.  But all this makes the restaurant really cozy.  You talk to strangers, the wait stuff gets real close to you.  No stuffiness despite being in a fine dining establishment.It's the food that takes the cake at Avec, if you will.  It's a cool bend of "pan western Mediterranean" influence - Spain/Portugal/France/Italy.  I think I'm the millionth reviewer that is in love with the chorizo stuffed dates with bacon.  Omg, so so savory!  There are lots of other great items on the menu, like the pork shoulder, the flatbread, the liver (I think that's a newer one).  I can't think of a single person I've eaten with at Avec who didn't love their meal.Avec is hands down one of the top five (if not the top) restaurants in Chicago in my book.  It may not be as famous as a Frontera Grill, and visitors may have never heard of Paul Kahan, but you won't forget after having eaten there.Went to Avec on Friday at 9pm extremely fearful of the no-reservations policy and no wait- yay!   Also found metered parking across the street- what?! We got the chorizo/bacon dates that everyone raves about- didn't disappoint.  Also tried the walleye pike with some very salty, thick sauce.  Got the delicious, but very fatty braised pork shoulder with a heavily seasoned puff pastry topping, and the homemade taglitelle with oxtail, which was pretty good.  To finish we had some espressos and the "homemade candy bars" (read: paper thin pieces of melted dark and milk chocolate) which were OK but we ended up trying 1 piece each and giving the rest to the table next to us.Overall, I thought the dishes were inventive, but wish they let the ingredients come through a bit more!  I could barely taste the fish because of the sauce, and the pork shoulder was tasty but they definitely could have trimmed quite a bit of fat off the meat for a $21 plate.  I also was surprised that so many previous Yelp reviews say this place was a good bargain- I think we spent $60+/pp not including drinks and although I don't feel ripped off, I've definitely spent less at other Chicago restaurants that ARE considered expensive (such as Mercat).Bottom line- I'll probably be back for the dates and keep getting my pork shoulder at Honkey Tonk :)Oh my gosh. This place was amazing.Like most of the super popular, small Chicago restaurants, there was a long wait - but unlike most of those other restaurants, it was very pleasant. I'd recommend doing what we did - go on a nice spring/summer night so you don't mind standing outside. Get an interesting bottle of wine and stand at one of their barrel tables out front. We got a number of small plates, but the highlights were definitely the chorizo stuffed dates (O. my. GOD) and the foccacia with taleggio and truffle oil. It was just so. good. And really, for the absolutely phenomenal, still-remember-exactly-what-it-tasted-like-6-­months-later food, the price isn't bad at all. I liked the cafeteria seating - the interior of the restaurant is just really cool looking, with all the light wood. At our table, the groups who came separately all kept to themselves and talked at a reasonable volume, so we didn't overhear their conversations or anything. Maybe you don't want to talk about your super secret plan to flee the feds and run to Kazakhstan over dinner here, but it's hardly uncomfortable to be sharing a table.Four of us came here for dinner on Thursday night.  The wait wasn't too bad, and it wasn't cold out so I enjoyed a nice glass of rose in the patio area whilst we waited.  We ordered the chorizo stuffed medjool dates, housemade beef and pork sausage, watercress pasta with lamb confit, tomato-braised cuttlefish, flatbread with shaved lardo and lamb tongue, and the roasted chicken.  My absolute favorite dish was the dates.  They were sooooo delicious.  It was a perfect blend of sweet and spicy, and the texture combinations were amazing.  The sausage was also good, but I think I enjoyed the braised beans in that dish more than the actual sausage.  The cuttlefish was flavorful and light.  The flatbread was just ok, I liked the lamb tongue but other than that it was kind of a heavy and dense dish.  We got the roasted chicken because the waitress recommended it.  I normally stay away from ordering any type of chicken entree at restaurants because more often than not, the chicken comes out dry and/or tasteless.  This chicken was moist and better than I expected, but I wasn't wowed by this dish....but again, I tend to not like chicken at restaurants unless it's fried chicken or coq au vin.I had pretty high expectations for this place since Blackbird and The Publican are two of my all-time favorite restaurants.  Avec did not disappoint; it's a perfect Kahan trifecta!Avec is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  I've been here 3? 4? times and I swear, each time, the food gets better.On every single visit, I've always ordered the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates & the focaccia with cheese & truffle oil.  The dates are a perfect mix of spicy, savory, and sweet...if you come with more than 4 people, you'll get only one each, so order accordingly.  The focaccia is so rich and tasty.For large plates, we've ordered the whole fish, roasted chicken, pork shoulder, crostini, etc etc.  I don't think you can really go wrong with any of Koren Grieveson's dishes.Come here early and avoid weekends if you can!We decided to come here on my last night in Chicago to celebrate the end of a nerve-wracking presentation I had to deliver at a conference this afternoon. I come from the San Francisco Bay Area, where we take our restaurants very seriously.  We're a little spoiled there, with the access to local produce, sustainable farms, locally made charcuterie, etc. I took one look at their menu online and was intrigued. I had to go.Avec did not disappoint. We ordered the following:- Oven roasted pork shoulder with cannellini beans, summer squash and cherry mostarda - Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce - Werp Farms greens with cucumber, cilantro, roasted pearl onions, puffed amaranth and coriander-cumin vinaigrette - Oven-roasted whitefish with fingerling potatoes, artichokes and pea salad with sunflower seed aioli Everything was delicious. And the chorizo-stuffed dates are going to haunt me forever.Their wine list is pretty extensive as well, featuring wines from Italy, France and Spain. They also seemed to have a great beer selection, although I didn't have any.My only criticism of this place is the noise level. We were there around 7:00 on a Wednesday, and the noise was deafening. Not only from the fact that every table and bar seat was packed, but because they also had loud music playing overhead. It made for some very difficult dinner conversation.Be advised that they don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait.It's worth it.I spent a charmed night at Avec a few days after it reopened. After an existing reservation fell through at 8 pm on Halloween (a Sunday, lots of Loop restaurants closed), I called Avec with the hope that they could seat 7 (!) immediately.  They could!  We arrived to our table already set, no waiting. The soon-to-be epic evening started beautifully... Avec's wine list is unusual and honestly not that easy for a relative naif to maneuver. But after explaining our tastes, the waiter directed us to gorgeous bottles of  red (2006 Grillos) and white (2006 Bergerie de l'Hortus "Classique").  The table shared a smattering of dishes. The chorizo stuffed dates were clearly a highlight! The pisaladiere was incredible - not fishy at all, not too salty, just a perfect blend of flavors - and even our picky eaters loved the focaccia. The oil-poached tuna was very good, as was the brandade. But the wagyu... oh, my.  Wonderful!!! Clearly my favorite dish of the evening.  I think we also had the papperdelle, but after 4 bottles of wine my memory may have lapsed a bit. Loved the decor!  Loved the service!  We ordered everything up front, but the dishes were perfectly timed...  it felt as if the table magically produced another wondrous item whenever we had started to slow down on the previous dish.  Avec is now one of my favorite Chicago restaurants, I can't wait to return!Incredible dining experience! The Chorizo stuffed dates started things off and were mental good! The fish stew had every vertebrae and shell fish I think is legal to eat and was rich and brothy like only french sauces can deliver. The roasted fish was de boned and perfectly crusted and reassembled to moist perfection. Wine selection was tasty and well priced which was a huge added bonus. Dinner for two, three courses and a bottle of wine with tip $150. Superb!Avec was one of the spots in Chicago Celine and I knew we had to try. After a day of walking around downtown finding all the spots where The Dark Knight was filmed, it was time to check this place out.Avec had reopened about 2 days before we came to Chicago, great timing right? Our waitress (Blonde hair and tattoos) was very friendly and answered any questions we had about the dishes.The inside of this place is one long narrow hall of all wood, kind of like a sauna. Seating isn't comfortable, but I can always appreciate design over comfort. Oh Wallpaper magazine, how thought provoking you can be...The chorizo stuffed dates and pork shoulder were absolutely delicious. I want to come back to this place and try every single thing on the menu. Keep up the great work!I actually haven't been here for a while, but Avec is definitely on the list of places I would like to go back to. I remember being a little taken back by the seating arrangement when we first got there - the communal tables were a little to close for my comfort, but luckily there were a couple of spots open by the bar, so we opted to eat there instead. That turned out to be an interesting choice too, since we could actually see the chef cooking away behind the bar from where we sat. Between the two of us, we ordered four or five dishes. While I don't recall the exact name of the dishes, I do remember each of them being equally delicious and beautifully crafted. The portion can be a bit on the small side, but it gives you an opportunity to try more dishes. I can't exactly comment on the service since we sat by the bar, but from what I could see, the servers seem warm without being overbearing. Will definitely go back and try their new menu items.There's not much more to say about Avec that hasn't been said already.  This is a place I can keep coming back to again and again.  For someone who always loves to try new places, it says a lot that I keep going back to this one particular restaurant.  The waits can definitely be long on Fri/Sat at prime time, and yes, the communal seating can be kind of annoying, but it's also SO worth it for the incredible food at affordable prices and a casual atmosphere.  As much as I'm willing to pay money for good food, this is one of the few places where I actually think the price you're paying matches with the quality and portion sizes you're getting.  Yes, the bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates and whipped brandade are must-gets.  Other than those two things, the rest of the menu changes up.  If there's pork shoulder, then you can't go wrong with that regardless of what the accompaniments are.  Flatbreads are usually big and very good.  Again, I've never tried anything here that didn't taste good or I felt was overpriced for what you got.  Chef Koren really knows how to construct her dishes in such a way that all the ingredients, particularly the seasonal ones, are showcased.  There's also always a good mix of heavy/savory/rich dishes as well as light/refreshing dishes, which I like.  Avec is by far one of my favorite restaurants, not only in Chicago, but basically of all time.  It's just a great casual place to go to with one other person or with a small group of people and have amazing food at a very reasonable value.Avec still has the mojo!  I love coming here right after work so I don't have to wait.  Even better, go at 3 pm when they open and you can have a linger.  I just ate here two nights ago and the Fall menu was really amazing...to the point that I need to go back again and try other options.  Must get the pork shoulder, turkey sausage, hangar steak w/ bone marrow.Skip the focaccia if you don't want to fill up on it...cause the portion is huge.  On the other hand, that truffle oil is to die for.The part that always makes me laugh is when the gal at the door is practically begging me to hang up my jacket.  They are sort of perfectionists about wanting to easily slide patrons into the middle seats.  People that go there don't mind the communal seating and don't mind getting up and moving their crap.  Get over it!Keep on cookin'I don't really like anything about Avec, except for the food, and the food was really really great.  The atmosphere is not great, the communal tables are too tight and odd, the temperature was all over the place, the waitress was sort of smarmy, and the location isn't my favorite.  Beyond that, what nice restaurant only serves Effen Vodka?  The food, though....oh, the food.  I know a number of people have mentioned them,  but the chorizo-stuffed dates are excellent and a good value.  The tomato sauce on them was amazing on the dates, and nearly as amazing on a piece of bread.  The brandade was solid, although a bit bland.  The squid was the star of the show, indescribably good, also featuring a sauce that transformed bread into a perfect utensil for me as a sauce receptacle.  Despite the struggle of survival inside the space, the food makes a return trip worth it.  I'll just make sure to arrive at 5:30 again, to assure a minimal, yet still existent, wait.Pros: great taste in music, place looks amazing inside considering how minimalistic it is, food is alrightCons: kinda pricey for small plates, bit loud the great music compensates for thatI've heard so many good things about this place so my friends and I went here for a late night dinner for my buddy's birthday. We ended up getting 7 different things for 6 people.  That was more than enough to say the least. My favorites :- Hanger steak w/ lentils ( cooked medium rare  ...perfect )- Atlantic salmon w/ nutmeg ( perfectly cooked as well )- Burrata w/ chickpeas ( I like this but really wanted to love it. If the chickpeas were deep fried I think I would of enjoyed this even more. )- Chorizo stuffed medjool dates ( it was good but a bit sweet. I loved it anyways )My not so favorites: - Whipped brandade. Even my friends said this was a waste of money. I gave it a shot and honestly it wasn't anything special. - Wood-fired flatbread tuna. I'm sorry but this is disgusting. And everyone tried that and said the same thing. We all gave it a shot but decided it was probably the worse dish yet.- Roasted pork shoulder. This tasted like it was just braised in pork stock and had no seasoning to it whatsoever. What a shame because I really wanted this one to stand out as well. I will definitely give this place another try and re-review it again. Maybe it was just too late or maybe the people came with had something to do with how the food tastes. Don't know but I will be back amid hopefully soon.Fantastic Meal!  We sampled a few dishes and they are all amazing.  Very creative flavor profiles and so so tasty...  Highly recommend, if you are visiting you should make time to stop by.I was wavering on four or five, but I chose five because its just so damn inventive. I like to cook and I kept saying to myself oh I never though of putting these things together. I wonder if I could make that taste good at home. The hen was the standout. I can't remember what was in it, but sherry vinegar was interesting contrast to savory hen slices and mushrooms. Hanger steak was boring and chewy though. Avoid. Also pleased by the size. Small plates are often too small. But, between two of us, we got 3 small plates and an entree and were totally stuffed by the end. Pasta is very filling if you want to be full.I had the opportunity to fly out to Chicago from LA for a whopping $70, thanks to Groupon. But honestly, I would pay the full roundtrip flight just to go back to Avec. Yes, my dining experience was just THAT good. The restaurant is definitely smaller than most. It got a little cramped when we were waiting for our table. However, they worked with the space that they had. The decor and the ambiance really complimented the restaurant. We were seated at a communal table and I've noticed that communal tables are on the rise. I don't really know how I feel about this situation just because I like my breathing room (only child syndrome). But, I guess, it does save a lot of space and it's a plus if you have cool neighbors. On the other hand, it can be disastrous if your neighbors are staring you down with confusion because all you can do is nod and moan simultaneously to your friends, pointing at the dish that just changed your life. Luckily, our pretentious neighbors left and I was back in my zone, just eating. And nodding. Don't judge me, you know you do the same. Holler back. What what.Of course, we ordered everything we desired on the menu. We started off with the small plates: the signature chorizo stuffed dates and the wood-fired squid dish. The tastes of the charred smoky bacon with the sweet dates go hand in hand and I was thoroughly impressed with the fusion of flavors.  The squid dish was my absolute favorite small dish. The squid was cooked to perfection, the tomatoes were fresh, and the fennel was crunchy but not too crunchy. Everything went perfectly together. On to the big plates that we ordered: the whole roasted fish with fennel seed, wood-oven roasted pork shoulder, wood-fire flatbread with tuna, and half chicken roasted with pomegranate and asparagus. My favorite main dish was definitely the whole roasted fish. I died. The skin of the fish was crunchy and slightly salty. The fish itself was extremely moist.  The pork shoulder was tender and the beans added flavor to the dish. The flatbread was mediocre. It was not my favorite for the mere fact that the taste of the tuna was extremely prominent. Lastly, the half chicken plate was absolutely great. The chicken was moist and the pomegranate went so well with the dish. The combination was to die for. You didn't think we stopped there did you? Of course not. I would never walk out of a restaurant without cleaning my palette with something sweet, even if I was dying from being overstuffed. There is always a compartment for desserts. Therefore, I ordered the cappuccino paired with the hazelnut crumb cake and the housemade chocolate crisps. Everything was divine. The crumb cake was not too sweet and the hazelnuts were the icing on the cake, literally. The crisps were thin and just delightful. Even though I eat out pretty frequently, I haven't had a great dining experience like this in a while. There isn't a surprise factor in most restaurants I go to. Avec pleasantly surprised my taste buds and I hope that it will do the same for you.Hands down, my favorite restaurant in the city. Food, wine, ambiance are all exceptional. You can read the tons of other reviews already written on this place for more details, but the main thing you must do is GO TO AVEC.The mere mention of it makes me salivate.Chorizo stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon. I can't believe I had to be convinced to get this dish. I don't like dates. I fought getting this dish because I didn't like dates. Boy, was I wrong. Fill anything with chorizo and wrap it in bacon and there's a good chance I'll like it. However the date was a good choice for this dish - the combination of a little bit of sweet from the date and little spice from the chorizo was incredible. I can't stop thinking about this dish. My mouth is watering as I type. I don't care what else you order get the chorizo stuffed dates and then give one to me. =)Great service (seriously, because we were pretty obnoxious customers)Great food.I can't wait to go back (for those chorizo stuffed dates).Ah.mazing.This is my new favorite restaurant. Wine list is great too.Chorizo Stuffed Dates are amazing!  A little bit of sweet, spice and saltiness which makes a unique flavor. They are also very filling therefore cost effective... as a side note I would argue that this place is $$ not $$$, unless you really want to overeat.  Our server said that all the dishes are meant to share, giving it a tapas feel. Overall, the staff seemed very helpful from the hostess, to the bussers to our server.The atmosphere is great, wood walls make it seem fresh.  The natural lighting is good and the air flows through nicely, also the wood gives a warm feeling, so it seems like a great place for summer or winter.  The coffee was great (Intelligentsia).  Overall, a must go.  FYI they do not take reservations, so go early or better yet plan to enjoy the scene with a drink in hand before being seated.After hearing rave review after rave review, I decided to finally head over to Avec with a couple of friends who were in town from Montreal.  Unfortunately, the food was meh.   Nothing memorable and blandly seasoned.  The food was all prepared very well and cooked right, just not seasoned to its potential.  The best part of the meal was the wine and it wasn't that good.  Apparently, their head chef recently left which may be why there's been a drop off in flavor.Arriving in Chicago on a Sunday night narrows the prospects for dinner considerably, however Avec is a welcome beacon of hope for late night fare.I didn't know much about Avec before arriving for dinner and was happy to discover a wide variety of menu selections consisting of both small plates and larger entrees.  I let our server know that I wasn't exactly sure about which wine to select and she happily and simply guided me through the wine selections and helped us find something that we all enjoyed at a very very reasonable price point.Don't sleep on the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, the whole seabass, and the 55 day aged rib eye, courtesy of Slagel Farms.  My wife ordered the pork shoulder and it was a show stealer for sure.The atmosphere is energetic at Avec, and the service is prompt and friendly.  When we asked if they could call us a cab, our server popped outside and flagged one down for us herself and let the cabbie know we were settling up and would be just a minute.Avec is a late night gem in Chicago and a can't miss for dinner and a bottle (or two) of great wine.Avec is one of our favorites, except it can be impossible to get in and they don't take reservations (that's the main reason for 4 stars instead of 5).  We went last night early, at 5pm since we had tickets to a show and got in with no wait.  The food is amazing, there is nothing you can complain about with the food!!  We ordered the Dates, Foccia Bread, Pork Shoulder and the Hanger Steak for 3 people.  It was a lot of food!! We ended up taking some of it home, but we could have easily done with 1 plate less.Pros:- Food is amazing!!- Unique atmosphere- Reasonably pricedCons:- No reservations so you may end up waiting a while (alimentari just opened and they have a nice bar to wait at)- You sit at a table with other parties pretty crammed, so if you get stuck next to a bad crowd it could ruin your dinnerGreat Service and best food, you have to have the chorizo stuffed dates and the focaccia!I have been a few time at Avec and honestly I am confused about how to present my review. Honestly my first impression was great, probably close to a five star. However every time I return it seems that the quality of the food is sliding  down the ladder. Indeed I find it a bit too greasy and breaded for my taste. This is strange as my first visits where actually quite the opposite. On the other hand the decor is quit original and the feeling of being in some type of futuristic cantina abroad a wooden space trailer is quite unique. Personally I enjoyed my visits better sitting at the bar than when sitting at  tables. I find it still convenient for late diner after the movies as they accept walk ins quite late.OUTSTANDING!  I'm from out of town and have been making my way through some very good restaurants for a few weeks here but this is the only one that I made a return trip.  WOW good!  And for the $...just terrific.  As you can tell from the reviews the stuffed dates are a must.  I can also put my stamp of approval on the antipasto salad which is pretty neat...chilled mix of grilled brussell sprouts, artichoke, red peppers, squash.  I also had the trout which was a crispy skin and intersting in a good way.  To top it off service (I sat at the bar both trips) was just perfect and the wine selection is just right for the food offered.Go and enjoy!The sauna aesthetic comments are spot on... but sadly, this isn't a sauna, its a restaurant.  Apparently making your restaurant entirely of wood paneling, incorporating the crowd and music from your favorite hipster bar, placing them all at uncomfortable picnic-like seating, and then charging them higher than necessary prices for a tapas-like menu is the key to success.  Sure, some of the menu is good (read: the pork shoulder and the dates) and the staff is nothing but friendly, but the overall experience isn't anything to write home about.  And no reservations?  Really?  I have a feeling the owner is in cahoots with the other restaurants on the stretch, where we were directed to spend our two hour wait and have a few pre-"dinner" drinks.Avec is one of my favorite spots in Chicago to get delicious, mouthwatering food that I'll remember and possibly dream about for days/months/years to come.  The service is helpful and honest, and the wine was an adventure in itself.  I look forward to going back soon.  It does get really loud, so don't bring the kids or a large group.  Drinking more wine, talking louder, and reading lips from time to time usually helps, and more wine (oh wait, did I already say that?)I had to change my review just now and give it 5 stars. It's just that good.  Last week we came in, again, and Led Zeppelin was blaring before they put on Interpol.  I mean, c'mon. Interpol, portuguese wine, and pork belly? Is this heaven? Seriously, God, can my heaven be THAT? PLEASE?!?!?!This rating is based on the food only. Perfect combination of flavors, I don't think it's anything that inventive with all that's going on with food these days, but the flavors and combos were spot on an delicious. My fiance and I shared the shaved brussel sprout and fennel salad with a brown butter vinaigrette- perfect start to our meal, crunchy, nutty, perfectly dressed, YUM! Then we had the famed bacon/chorizo dates. They were spicy and delicious, definitely sopped up the red pepper sauce with that bread. Then we did the octopus which needed a little extra salt, but once we added that was excellent. I wasn't thrilled by the wine I selected, but was happy about the varieties of offerings and price points on the list. I don't love the ambiance, I'd give that a 2 but that's just my preference.. I completely understand what they're going for- but I prefer complimentary lighting when I've worked a whole day and am out to dinner, rather than a fluorescent bulb above my head- yikes! I didn't mind sitting next to people- we were friendly with the others and enjoyed it- but it's so loud, so loud that I could barely hear anything and I'm sorry but I just don't understand pretentious servers- does it kill you to smile or be personable? So weird. But I'll likely be back, the food is great.I love the light fare that Avec has to offer.   Finally, a restaurant that offers decent wine!  I love how they layout their wines for you to pair with their plates. Try their rose and French reds by the glass. Everything on the menu is great...I think I've tried most of their listed plates.Don't walk away from the long line!  This place is worth the wait!Well, I think that I'm being generous by giving it 3 stars...as Avec was on my top 10 must try list. There are numerous reasons for my disappointment - The Housemade boudin  sausage was the worst thing ever - the consistency was mush! Maybe it was the overpowering of the sardines in the pasta or the drunk couple next to us as this is a place with communal seating. I have to say all in all - the experience was not what I had hoped for.No matter what - the medjool dates were the reason I gave Avec 3 stars instead of 2. These are spicy - I do mean spicy but oh so tasty!!!The medjool dates are what is hyped up and they deliver. As much as you do not want to buy into the hype, the smokiness of the bacon, sweetness of the dates, and the spiciness of the chorizo works magically. our salad was just ok, and the trout was good, but the dates were the star. The melon sorbet was very good and refreshing at the end. The seating is a little communal and tight. You have to be ok with eating in very close proximity to other diners.Avec is the perfect place to wine and dine. You can save or splurge accordingly bc their wine list ranges from $25-to the upper 100's. Yes, $25 FOR  A WHOLE BOTTLE of vino and champagne starting at $35. The bacon-wrapped chorizo stuffed dates were even better than how I remembered them.  If there's one dish you have to try, this is it. The dates were bigger than golfballs. It was the perfect balance of sweet, savory, and spicy. The taleggio foccocia reminded me of a gourmet grilled cheese. The metled cheese had the consistency of hot cream cheese, but there's something different about the flavor. It went sooo well with the wine & dates!The pork shoulder was good, but not as good as the other dishes. It was extremely tender, but lacked flavor. I think I would have preferred the sauce from the dates. The hearty dish was bathed with tripe, beans, and mussels. We're not the biggest tripe fans, but Avec has a way of transforming organs into really appetizing dishes. After 2 small plates, 1 large plate, and a bottle of wine, we left stuffed.  I think the bill including tax/tip was about $100. You're going to wait, so go as early as possible. But the food is worth the wait.Wow, based on the other reviews I think we were extremely lucky we got seated right when we wandered in on a Thursday evening a little after 10pm (maybe because it had been snowing all day?). The place wasn't packed like sardines (every table had patrons but we weren't rubbing elbows or anything). We got very attentive service by Sontra and the busboy who filled our water glasses. This is arguably one of three best meals I had in Chicago during my 5.5-day stay (we ate out 2-3 times a day).We had to, of course, order the chorizo-stuffed dates since they get written up so much! The sweetness and spiciness went together magically. We also had a very refreshing grapefruit salad and the pork shoulder, which was hearty and good but wasn't quite as flavorful as the other two dishes. Between the two of us this was more than enough food! We probably could've done with just three (or even just two) small plates rather than two small and one large plate.Sontra suggested a bottle of Garnacha by Las Rocas which was very versatile and balanced. She wasn't too knowledgeable about certain items on the food menu which I thought was unfortunate since she had been working there for several years. Even if the menu items change often I was hoping she could offer more insight into some items we were interested in. Aside from that she was very friendly and helpful.If I lived in Chicago I would definitely return, but probably only very early or very late in the evening.It's very popular so aim to get there early.  It's a small space and waiting for a table can be uncomfortable.  In the summer they have a nice waiting area outside, but in the winter, plan to wait at a nearby bar.The seating is uncomfortable.  The service can be inconsistent.  But who cares?  The food is awesome.  They change their menu pretty often, but the stuffed dates and truffle foccacia are staples that never miss.  In the summer expect citrus and fresh veggies.  In the winter expect thick stews and hearty roasted meats.  Great wine selection too, particularly since you can order many by the carafe.  The carafes are priced at 1/3 bottle and the menu says they hold 1/3 bottle, but I really think they're closer to half a bottle making them a pretty good value.To top it all off, we're always impressed by how reasonable the bill ends up being.  It's a lively atmosphere with good wine and great food.  We really don't go nearly enough.Avec,You truly are a great place.  The owner is a little prissy but I suppose I would have an attitude if I owned a "sceeny" place that was this good.  The interior is beyond solid, in fact it is one of the cooler spaces I have seen in the Chi.  The food is fantastic and it is an overall fantastic experience.  Check it out but don't forget your wallet, it can get pricey.I ate here with Heather B., who apparently gave our experience a more favorable review than I.  I thought the food was mediocre, but the Lima bean crostini really was fantastic. It's a west loop restaurant, but regardless, I thought they tried too hard.  The decor was interesting to look at, but uncomfortable to sit on.  But they served a darn good dirty martini.Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.I like the communal bench-style seating, casual and minimalistic but chic decor, and solid service. Once again, non-intrusive, informative, and very well-versed on ingredients, dish availability, and accompaniments (big plus). Servers knew their wine, what dishes were good for that night, and making suggestions without "selling" ... nothing more annoying than a server who uses the "it's a popular dish" as opposed to "it's a good dish" ... I don't care about how many people eat something, I care about if that something is good and worth having. I digress.While I was V-disappointed when they took the duck confit off the menu, but the foccacia and bacon-wrapped sausage more than make up for the loss. Also, their fish of the day is phenomenal. I love love love family-style eating. This is a huge plus esp when you have a group - makes for a more intimate gathering and I always have order-envy. Only drawback is the wait every single day of the week (well, when it's good, everyone wants to go) as well as the fact that you can't make a reservation ... so go early or come in late. I like coming Sun-Tue around 7 so you can get a seat.Avec is wonderful. I've been here a handful of times and have never been disappointed. I love the atmosphere here, but the real tip is getting here just after they open. If you get here at the hype of dinner hour, you're going to be cramped in your wait or you're going to be smushed in between strangers. Once you've had the food, you won't care where you're sitting.The atmosphere is so unique. Like you're in a sauna. The entire atmosphere is pretty much composed of wood. It gives off a really good minimalistic ambiance. It's one of those places where the decor doesn't need to be in your face because the food speaks for itself. The bathrooms make you feel like you're in a little cottage and the portions are perfect and adorable.I love starting out with their olive plate and Brandade. I have never had brandade until Avec. It's whipped cod, with butter, oil, and cream. You dip the garlic bread triangles in and lose yourself in deliciousness. I also am a huge sucker from their tellagio pizza. Tellagio cheese is so unique and I love how it lays over the crispy flatbread. For the end, they have an adorable cheese plate.I brought my counterpart here and he loved it. Next time I feel like the bacon wrapped chorizo stuff dates are a must must must.Go here if you're looking for something delicious, but again, make sure you're smart about the time you go in.Chorizo Stuffed Dates (Wrapped in Bacon) - single-handedly put this place in the 5 star range.  Amazing blend of flavors - Succulent chorizo stuffed in sweet dates wrapped in crispy bacon covered in a tangy, slightly spicy tomato sauce.  Definitely never had something like this before.As for the other plates, the whitefish spread was also very unique, but the hanger steak and the pork shoulder was just above average.  They don't take reservations, but our party of three definitely lucked out.  Arrived around 6pm, the place was near capacity, and we were seated in one of the few remaining tables.  When we left at 7:30, there was definitely a wait, but it didn't appear too ridiculous.  Simple but trendy decor, good service, and amazing food.  Second time in Chicago, and I'm so glad I elected for Avec instead of a typical Deep Dish Joint.  Will return for the chorizo stuffed dates, no doubt about it.I've only been here once and considering it's within stumbling distance of my apartment, that is just wrong.  Came here in the winter, so perhaps that helped the wait but we arrived right after work on a Thursday and only waited about 10 minutes.  But I regularly drive/walk by here and see people waiting outside/inside or at Meiji.  Unless you go to Meiji, there's not really a good place to wait in poor weather.  So don't go to Avec and make more space for me.      I'm going to have to disagree with those who say the dates aren't worth it.  I love bacon wrapped dates (let's be honest, I'd love bacon wrapped shoe leather) and have been eating them at family affairs for ages.  Little did I know how much I was missing out on by not eating them stuffed with chorizo and slathered in a piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.  Swoon.  Not only are these puppies delicious, they are HUGE.  I could make a meal out of one order.  But of course, that would mean I would miss out on the other delicious offerings on the menu.  We had the taleggio foccacia - holy yum.  I have yet to have foccacia in the US that is as good as I had in Italy but this was a pretty delicious dish.  Plus adding truffle oil to food is never a bad idea.The rest of our meal was good but not quite as standout as those two dishes.  One of my favorite things of the night was the wine.  Our server recommended one of the most amazing bottles of wine I've ever had.  It's been a while, so I can't even remember what kind - I just know it was awesome.  It was a crisp, fruity, slightly sweet (but not cloyingly so) white.  A+.  Looking over this, I'm really confused about why I haven't been back to Avec since my last visit.  I'm gonna have to rectify that ASAP.  In fact...maybe I'll head there now...Date night out in Chicago, and Avec made the cut. Boy was it fun! As a tourist, we didn't really know how to get around, so we took a cab. And as you're driving along, not really sure you're in the right place, seems a bit residential and quiet, all the sudden you come upon a few restaurants close together. So cute! They didn't take reservations, so the wait was maybe an hour (we arrived at 9pm). There is a "bar" - though you can't actually see where the drinks come from inside, it's a great little area on the sidewalk for you to chat and have a drink. I can't quite describe, but I loved the ambiance. And it was a beautiful night and on a quiet block, really romantic. We were seated at the "chef's table" - two spots at the bar right in front of the chef. So we got to see him in action the whole way through. I've always wondered if chefs enjoy having patrons chatting them up while they're trying to do their job. If the chef at Avec wasn't interested, he certainly didn't make it known. He was friendly, answered all our questions, and kept us engaged and happy. And all the while, he made food for everyone in the restaurant, all of it looking pretty spectacular! We ordered the focaccia bread with truffle and ricotta cheese, chorizo stuffed dates, hanger steak with summer squash, and shaved brussels sprout salad. I'd say all were tremendous except the focaccia bread. It was much too large for two people (from the large plate menu, we should've paid more attention), and it was served after the other dishes since it took longest to bake. So by the time it was delivered, we were quite full and not interested in having what felt more like an appetizer-type dish. On the other hand, the other dishes were spectacular. My non-vegetable-loving BF was quite keen on the brussels sprouts salad, that says a lot on its own. The spicy sauce that came with the dates was so delicious I ended up dipping other foods in it as well. And we both loved the hanger steak (not so much the bone marrow that comes with, not quite our style). I saw plenty of other great dishes go by that I hope to get if I return. Particularly the meatballs - I saw some go by that looked truly great!The ambiance is fun - certainly trendy, a good place to impress a girl. But not so loud that we couldn't hear each other. We left the dinner quite full and happy, hoping to return to Chicago one day!I like the concept, I dig the interior, the food was good.  Very good.  But not incredible.The chorizo-stuffed dates were hands down the best of the dishes we tried.  Savory, sweet, chewy.  It came with awesome bread, too.  One of my dining companions kept ogling every tray of dates/bread that passed by.  The hangar steak was good, but not that special.  We were initially excited about the bone marrow part, but it tasted kind of funny, in my opinion.  We also had one of their specials, a crispy rouget, which was okay, but we really picked it for the pickled chanterelles and the artichokes, which there weren't enough of.  Upon our waitress' rec, we also got the pork shoulder.  Mixed feelings about the pork shoulder.  It was really well done, I liked the basil pistou, and the black rice, but I felt it was way too much meat!  Even for three people.  Maybe we weren't hungry enough?  But all that grease of the pork should be balanced out better.  Maybe more rice, or something.  I guess that's what the baby carrots were for, but they felt like an afterthought.Still, a pretty solid, satisfying meal.  Maybe we didn't pick the best items.  Or maybe next time we'll just get two orders of dates.  Or three ;)Great food, cool and casual setting. Cozy, close quarters and no seat has any more privacy than the next. Bacon Chorizo Dates are a Must. We also had the mushroom noodle dish which was my favorite. Anchovy bean salad was tasty, along with the fish plate.Most of the food was good, some was just average. That is where the praise comes to a screeching halt.  THE SERVICE WAS NEARLY NONEXISTENT. Our server never actually introduced herself, she hastily told us the fish of the day and pressured us for a drink order. We ordered 3 courses and never saw our server again until we told her we were done, cutting our meal short to pursue a better venue. The support staff was much more attentive than our actual server, but provided service that was, well, rough and unpolished. Plates and flatware were nearly dropped on our table and not taken away when dirty, when we asked for our dirty plates to be taken away, we were asked, "Are you finished eating?" We replied, "No." This seemed to confusing for them, apparently their customers like to eat numerous messy courses from the same dirty plate and utensils.Aside from disappointing service, the dining room is small and the wait to be seated is long. The community seating is incredibly annoying and tight, every time the support staff would clear or water the seat next to me, I would get shoulder checked. I like Blackbird, but will not be returning to Avec.Kudos to Avec for accommodating me! I was traveling alone in Chicago and hadn't made a reservation ahead of time, but they seated me at the bar in the 9pm hour on a Wednesday, for which I'm grateful. Ambiance is different than what you might expect from a French-oriented establishment - quite urban. Metal bar, all wood walls, shared bench tables. If you were looking for an intimate, white table cloth kind of place, this ain't it. The music in the background fits the overall vibe, with house and hip hop cycling through.Avec is known for small plates and sharing. As I was alone, though, the water recommended starting with a small plate and going for a main. Started with the Antipasto of the day, which was roasted golden beets, siagarello, champagne orange vinaigrette -- beets were incredibly fresh, but overall taste was not wowing. Taste was definitely helped by some chard that was snuck in there.Pork shoulder ended up as the real star. Firstly, this was a massive portion - when some of my coworkers came a few weeks ago they shared this amongst four of them. The dish came with some amazing local carrots and served with a basil pistou (basically French pesto without nuts), which cut through the savory meatiness in a perfect way. Not known to be When I was about halfway through the dish, I felt full and considered stopping. However, the diminishing return on the shoulder was so low - the light jus kept the remainder hot, and I felt as if I just started eating a new dish! If I weren't stuffed from downing the full pork shoulder, I would have certainly taken aim at the panna cotta. Next time Avec, next time.Two words. PORK SHOULDER. Melt in your mouth amazing & the broth is so good I'd drink it straight of the the pot if it weren't steaming HOT! =)The place is tiny. You sit EXTREMELY close to other guests dining & hear just about everything everyone else is talking about. The seats aren't the most comfortable but the place is hip & full of energy!Any time I mention that I had dinner here people that have dined before always ask, "Oh did you have Josh as your server?!" Apparently Josh is the best & I wish my friend & I would have had him. Our server took our food order & that's about it. Other people in the restaurant took our drink order & helped me out when I spilled wine on my shirt.How awesome is it that they have this spray called WINE AWAY! Haha!Overall good time, I stepped outside of my comfort zone when ordering & I'm glad I did because the food was AMAZING! Cheers!Went on a Thursday evening around 9:30pm. Sat at a table first but it was way too crowded so we moved to the bar. Got the Salmon small dinner plate and it was DE.LISH.OUS! I had to contain myself from scraping the bottom of the plate. Wow. There is only one bathroom for women but it is clean, smells good and has great smelling soap (and lotion). Star taken off because of the crowding, and thats not even a problem.  The menu is a bit pricey but gosh, I'd go back for that meal any day...EVERY time I drop in, I'm so pleased with the wine suggestions, the environment, the staff and the FOOD! Tips- burrata watercress salad, wood fired squid.The communal tables make it easy to make new friends.  One of my favorite spots in Chicago.Not a fan of communal seating, but this is a nice different approach from the usual French gastropubs we go to. Of course, the dates are the main attraction and certainly well worth the trip in its own rite. Calamari was ok, but hangar steak and pork shoulder were over the top. We also had a nice piece of fois gras as well.Things get busy gradually up until 18:00, at which you may be waiting at the door for a table. Let that speak for itself.Avec is my favorite restaurant in the whole world.  I just got on to Yelp, so that's why I haven't written a review yet, but having been here several times, I've always been incredibly satisfied.  The food is inventive, the wine list is about being interesting instead of expensive, and the atmosphere is just incredibly fun.  I love sitting next to strangers and enjoying a meal in a social setting.I personally would order everything on the menu if I could afford it, but mandatory are the dates, the pork shoulder, and whatever prosciutto or similar platter is on the menu (not the salami, although that's good too).Take advantage of the servers, they are all incredibly knowledgeable.  When you order wine, ask for something interesting and unusual.  When you get a cheese plate, ask them to do the pairings for whatever wine you're drinking.  The service is genuinely A+ at avec, not just pass/fail.Avec is a restaurant that is inventive and playful.  You're there to try new things and new preparations and new wines and meet new people.  Avec does an amazing job with the restaurant experience and doesn't kill you with price.  In fact, I'd say that for what you get, it's a bargain.  You owe it to yourself to go!My favorite in Chicago.Why?  Because it brings personal compassion and flare to every dish they serve.The food is great and always changes with the season.The cheese was great with the Portuguese wine they suggested.  One of he only restaurants that served l'epoisses and langres that I have been to in the US.Good dinner overall but there is a ridiculous wait time and a strange atmosphere.Food: Everything is designed to be shared.  In that sense, I guess it's like a French tapas place but there are both small and large plates.  We already had something to eat previously, so we just shared a few small plates and one big plate.  Of course, we ordered the bacon-wrapped chorizo-filled dates which were phenomenal--sweet, crispy, bacon-y, and spicy.  I think it could have been even more improved if there was slightly less chorizo inside so that the balance of flavors was a bit more equal.  Other than that though, fantastic choice.  We also got the roasted white fish and the focaccia that everyone was raving about.  The white fish was good and the focaccia was delicious and cheesy and yes, very filling.  Wine selection is extensive and great also.Atmosphere:  I don't have a problem sitting next to people.  Communal dining is great...it connects people and gives it an old-school feel.  So, don't get me wrong, that's not the reason that I think Avec has a strange atmosphere.  It's just way too darn loud.  Walking to the restaurant, it is absolutely silent on the streets outside.  But, the minute you push open that wooden door, you are bombarded with the noise of human chatter.  It's great to have a bubbly, upbeat atmosphere, but it was so clamoring that I could hardly hear my dinnermates from right across the table.  There were many instances of miscommunication.  As the night went on and other parties left, we realized, in fact that there had been French music playing.  You can attribute the fact that we did not hear it upon entering so we were surprised when we finally were able to decipher out the type of music playing.  As it got later and later and other parties finished their meals and left, we could make out different instruments coming into play.  But, seriously, awful acoustics.  Probably because you are basically sitting in a long wooden box.Service: Service was friendly but possibly not quite as attentive as necessary.  We really only saw our waitress when we absolutely needed her--to order, to get our meal, and to get the check.  Some face time in between would have been nice.The Wait: Even on a weekday night at 8 PM, the place was packed and there was still an hour wait.  We decided, as other Yelpers have recommended, to check out the Korean bar next door.  There is really no indoor waiting area anyway and in the blistering heat, we didn't want to wait outside.Eh - a bit disappointed. Communal seating which can be fun but was loud and too close. I was torn between shouting so I could be heard over our neighbors and trying to talk softly so I could talk to my friend without sharing my convo with the rest of the table.We ordered 4 plates to share and loved 1 of the 4 and thought the other three were so-so.Awesome place! Amazing food, good atmosphere, and fantastic services.Although the communal sitting can get a little bit uncomfortable and the place may be EXTREMELY NOISY, nothing beats the ambrosia(namely, the medjool dates, chicken liver, pork shoulder, and the gelato!!!)BTW, for "semi-foodies" like me and my girlfriend, 2 small plates and 1 large plate plus a gelato not only fill our bellies, but also make the wallet happy.We shared the following dishes amongst the two of us and we left full, satisfied, and very happy that we chose to celebrate an early V-day  at Avec!The space is very tight and noisy, but it works well and does not feel claustrophobic at all.  The communal seating works better here than at other places bc you actually share the table space and are not sitting cheek to cheek (butt).The staff is very nice and informative, though I wish they were more opinionated about what they liked and disliked.  On to our V-Day feast...Bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates: savory smoked bacon, then just a hint of sweetness from the date, then the spicy and oh so good chorizo.  Very good, but wish they would break from the pack and create a new combo of flavors. Shaved brussel sprouts with fennel salad: best brussel sprouts I've ever had.. I would eat this everyday.  Changes my opinion of them for sure.Hanger Steak:Very tender, almost like brisket, but still pink in the middle, perfectly done.  The sauce and the touch of orange slices were a welcomed touch.  I wish I had the skill to make such a dish...Pork shoulder with garlic sausage, & beef tongue:The pork melted in my mouth and was by far my favorite of the trio.  The sausage finished second, while the beef tongue, while good and unique took the last spot.   The veggies were soft but not mushy. I wish I had some bread to soak up the sauce;'/broth.The only negative, which didn't affect our meal/experience was putting our name in for a table.  It didn't bother me that we couldn't make a reservation, but rather that we were given such a vague time line as to when we would be seated.  While waiting, we had to go down the street to Meija and pay over $10 per drink...redic!  Regardless, the wait was well worth it.SJVday09I LOVE AVEC!I used to live down the street from Avec and its such a nice place to drop in for some small plates to share, a glass of wine, capuccino, homemade chocolates,...  If i could open a restaurant, i hope it would have the atmosphere of Avec.  Bustling but Chill.  Friendly.  Tasty Food.  and it keeps people coming back.  the shared tables are a neat concept.  And the counters are nice for your night coffee and desert stop.  My favorite dishes include the chorizo stuffed dates and the flatbread.  Avec... I miss you.Avec is a must dine.  I love the communal seating, it gives you a chance to share food/wine/opinions with your fellow diners who all seemed like interesting/nice people.  Also love the way each dish is presented to the table one at a time so you get to share and taste everything that's ordered. I would suggest going on a weeknight if possible as the restaurant is small and gets crowded quickly.  The wait can be long.The medjool dates stuffed with chorizo are amazing.  So delicious I got home and immediately looked up a recipe so I could attempt to recreate them at home.  The trout is also delicious as is the pork shoulder large plate. They have a ciabatta bread that is warm fresh and you can pretty much dip it in every dish they serve. Just ask for it, and they will bring it fresh from the oven. The food is fresh and the ingredients are uniquely paired.Worth the wait and a unique dining experience!!I've been three times. Once completely sober with a lady friend for her birthday, once pretty hammered around 11pm on a Thursday, and again on a Monday to show a friend how amazing it is. First time, there was a VERY long wait, we hung outside and had a beer. The manager took our drink order. Love to see a place that is totally hands on. We were sat in the middle of a communal table and at first it was very hard to get acclimated to the noise. Two drinks down and that was all in the past. We had a handful of different options with beer to boot. We left with a full belly and money to spare in our wallets. Second visit I went with a few grown ups, yes that's right, I am 25 and don't consider myself a grown up. We went very late, almost midnight? I now think that is the perfect time to go, we had our own table! There were 8 of us and one guest did all of the ordering. We had a few bottles of wine, the truffle flat bread, dates, and whole fish topped my favorites that night. Third visit, we went on a Monday, about 30 minute wait at 9PM, tried to order a few different beers. Note to beer drinkers, they get their beer delivery on Tuesday, so they were out of almost everything we tried to order. We sat at the bar for dinner, and this has probably been my favorite experience. The kitchen is small and in your face, it's amazing the volume of food these guys put out every night. We ordered the dates, meatballs, truffle flat bread, chicken, and two others that are escaping me at the moment. WAY too much food, but props to the server for letting us know that ahead of time. We didn't care, we wanted to be glutenous and stuff ourselves. Avec gets it right every time and I will continue to rave and recommend it to everyone I know!This is one of my favorites in Chicago. Let me get down to it: Avec simply has GREAT food.One thing to take note of, however, it is NOISY in here. I rarely complain about noise, but this is definitely louder than a hard-rock café and thus it's hard to hear someone across the table. So to the food:I started out with the Chorizo-Stuffed dates which are ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE. Heck, the trip out there is worth it just for those.I also had a focaccia. Let me explain it: it's not focaccia. It's better. Think Indian Naan filled with a luscious cream but with the thickness of a focaccia. So it's just fluffy and blissful. Then came an orange sausage. No, not coloured orange, but made with orange. This was... depressing. It was really not worth it.There's a pork dish with puff pastry, however, that was also delightful. Then don't even get me started on the cognac and coffee. Definitely a 5/5.Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.SO GOOD.Everything else was good: service, decor, blah blah whatever.But excellent food at a surprising cost.Good eats.YUM! Make reservations if possible and eat here. Even if it's busy and you have to wait, the bar selection is nice too.Had an excellent meal with a unique variety of foods. Ate a few smaller portions and it was perfect to share. It's a small restaurant so hopefully you don't mind eating close to your neighbors (when busy). It's a beautiful set up with wonderful dishes!Beautiful space.  Creative, delicious food.  Small plates were satisfying, unlike some other venues.  Sure, we're all used to private tables, but I wouldn't let that stop you from trying Avec.  Everything else is so good.Particularly good:  couscous salad.My omnivorous date loved:  bacon-wrapped chorizo stuffed dates (yes, that's right).My only criticism is that it is really loud.I came to Avec from out of town while visiting a friend who works nearby. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience. SEATING: some people may find this annoying - the place is very cramped. One bench runs the length of the tiny restaurant with tables that seat 8 along the way. Our table had four pairs of diners which means that there was frequent standing and shuffling to get people in and out of their seats ... we were literally elbow to elbow with the next people. On the bright side, this can lead to making new friends.FOOD: Awesome. The dishes are meant to be shared. I wish I could tell you exactly what we ordered but I didn't keep track if it all. My favorite was something with skate in it. It was a sort of fancy cole slaw with fish in it! ... delicious!  We ordered a steak plate, too -- very good. Oh yeah -- our main dish was lamb chops. I thought it was okay. The women dining next to us saw/smelled our chops and ordered the same thing. They seemed to enjoy it more than I did.COST: we ordered three small plates, one large plate, a couple of drinks, and desserts --- $100 plus tip. About what I expected when we walked in.To begin with, I love the idea of a restaurant naming itself with a preposition and nothing more--so spare, so avant-garde, so chic, darling. And Avec is. However, man and woman cannot live on chic alone. Flavor, delicious, savory, orgasmic flavor is what I'm after. And Avec, with its measly preposition of a name, has the goods and goods to spare. Oh, Avec, you coy thing, you!I loved the small, shareable meals and matching small, shareable space. And I personally prefer Avec to its grander siblings, Blackbird and the Publican, both on the merits of its food alone and its self-consciously svelte space.The only drawback to its charm is the fact that there are no reservations and space fills up alarmingly quickly at indecently early hours, leaving you, particularly in inclement conditions when you'd rather not step outside, to feel a bit like Gulliver amid a herd of Lilliputians in its hair's breadth of an entrance way. Revise that: a bit like Gulliver who's not beyond roasting up half a dozen Lilliputians because his senses have been toyed with long enough, and he's hungry, damn it.Also, not to be catty (ok, to be a little catty), our waitress had an obscenely high ponytail that she shook around like a whip at us every time we paused ever so slightly during our, yes, several rounds of ordering, which I cannot imagine to be uncommon, given the indeterminacy of the smallness of the small plates and the carefully elicited sensory greed that began to take us over once the first bites made their way in. I don't know whether if the ponytail made its way down an inch or two she would have slipped a few inches parallel on her obvious high horse (sorry--the pun absolutely forced itself on me; I am a victim in these things). But the effing phenomenal quality of the food considered, we left in a decided happy trance and wished her sincerely good night and lower hair.Can I just say that I love that shared plates are becoming the rule rather than the exception nowadays? It just feels friendlier, and you get to try so many different tastes. No more sulking over your dull entree, while jealously eyeing your neighbor's dish.We came here with a group of 5 late at night, so we waited an hour plus. Luckily, the food more than made up for it.So the layout is very, very narrow as you can tell from pictures of the storefront. There are the communal tables on the right, and bar seating on the left. The decor is very attractive with clean wood with sharp angles. Unfortunately, this means the seats are decidedly uncomfortable. The backwall is lined with wine bottles with green lighting, which gives a very cool look to it.Now the food is just delicious and fresh and real. You can see how everything was composed and prepared. The bacon wrapped dates are just succulent and juicy and salty and sweet and oh so good. Thank God it comes with that fluffy perfect bread, which soaks up all that flavor. The whitefish with the scalloped potatos and buttery base is one of the best cuts of fish I've ever had. The fish just flakes perfectly and together with the peas and buttery sauce gives you layers of simple yet delicious flavors. The pork shoulder is so juicy and tender. We also got the roasted fish, which was a trout that day. Perfect. All-in-all, one of the my favorite meals in the city. It was exactly what dining should be: enjoyed good, hearty food with friends.5 star review for a 10 star experience.The food, the atmoshere, the service, the bathroom, the staff, 10 star performance last night.Went with an Avec lover friend and we both had an amazing experience.We sat at the bar, highly recommended if you are a group up to 4. The 2 ladies that served us were absolutely amazing and knew the menu.We started with wine, we picked the country and gave her a brief direction of the flavor we were looking for, bingo!  Perfect choice.She also picked the selection for the cheese plate.  Unbelievable.  I have been to Avec over 10 times and always there is a new choice and they are amazing at pairing flavors.Then the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates.  Perfect combination of sweet and savory.  Absolutely delicious.There is always a ligher choice available, we had the fennel salad and it was very refreshing.Will definitely go back!Only bad thing i can say about this place is that it's limited in space and they don't take reservations. But they more than make up for it in food and atmosphere. Everybody raves about the chorizo stuffed dates(for a good reason, they're awesome!), but their focacia(cracker thin bread with melted goat cheese and truffle oil) and rainbow trout(with cream and mussels sauce) are worth a try as well. Nice wine and beer options. The biscotti that accompanies their espresso is quite tasty also. Great place to go with friends, just make sure you're ready to wait if you go during prime hours.Revised 8/15/2011 - First bad experience at Avec.  Ordered 3-4 small plates and 2-3 large plates.  They were sending 1 plate at a time with about 15-20 mins in between....so really slow.  The place was not packed, I would say 75% full, so no reason for the slow pace.  Asked our server what the deal was and she gave me some B/S excuse about that's how the dishes come out.  But after I complained, all our dishes came out within 10mins of eachother.  Our server was nice and pleasant, but really didn't come around to see how we were doing.  Still love the place, but very disappointing. Hope the our next visit is back to the standard of previous visits.Don't believe the hype about the dates.   They were good, but I was expecting great.  We also had the anchovies and focaccia, both were decent.  Avec is probably so highly recommended for the scene, because  I can't imagine waiting outside in the winter just for the food.The place looks small from the outside because it's narrow..surprisingly, there's space inside as the tables are wide for all your food to be lain on. I've ordered many of the appetizers on the menu along with a few entrees and was very pleased with everything that came out. The service here was very nice. They don't crowd you while you are enjoying your food but are right there, almost out of nowhere if you happen to tip a glass of wine. One moment you're looking at the spill and when you turn around, you have a new table setting in front of you. The server was keen on wine pairings with the food and made excellent recommendations for my party.Beautiful setting, great service, great food, friendly staff = 5 stars from me.Amazing.Chorizo stuffed dates will change your life.  I don't usually eat meat unless I know what farm it is from, and or course it is organic, free range, grass fed, etc.  However, I broke my rule to eat these.  I didn't even ask the server about the source of the chorizo because I didn't even want to know.Everything we had was delicious.  The atmosphere is fun, friendly, and bourgie in a good way.Enjoy!This is my favorite place to eat in Chicago. They are consistently good. I have yet to have one bad dish and I have eaten here often.It is really tough to get a table on the weekend so try to go on a weekday. The dates are amazing.A surprisingly disappointing experience.Food was not completely terrible, but definitely not good. I would say somewhat palatable, with a few dishes that were nearly inedible, and a few dishes that were ok. The impression I got from most of it was that it was tough and salty and not the right temperature.Service was very unpleasant--I am usually very forgiving about service (e.g. I don't mind delays, etc, as long as the person isn't unpleasant)--but I had to deal with a terribly haughty snotty bartender/server the whole time. The other two people at the bar helping us out were very nice, but the one server kind of ruined it.Ordered (split between me and 1 other person):Hanger steak Barbequed octopus Mushroom and artichoke small plate (I forget the name) Nutter buttersChocolate cocotteHanger steak was impossible to chew and overwhelmingly salty. Terrible gristly bits. The only redeeming thing was the fried chickpeas sprinkled around the plate, which were the only delicious part of the meal (though there were maybe 10 of them)Barbequed octopus--it was my first time having octopus. Not memorable. The person I was eating with, who has had octopus many times, said it was fine but nothing special.Mushroom and artichoke small plate--like the steak, the mushrooms were tough and rubbery. Also kind of cold. Nutter butters--an okay dessert. if you like peanut butter, the flavor is all peanut butter. A kind of gourmet butterfinger-like-thing. Nice idea, but textures weren't all that interesting. One-note.Chocolate cocotte--the person I was eating with had this. They liked it, but again, were not terribly impressed. I tried a bite and thought it was good but just kind of a lot of a strong chocolate flavor without any interesting dimensions. The kind of chocolatey dessert you get anywhere. And back to the awful server---what?? I'm not sure if he was trying to make up for some terrible insecurity based on upholding an image of refinement and casual bearded sophistication that he felt was constantly in danger of slipping away...? Whatever was going on he was really unpleasant to deal with. He snottily recommended against white wine (which the person I was eating with wanted), noting "you don't really look like you drink red wine, but what you ordered really calls for red wine" very haughtily. If we decided against recommendations he seemed very judgmental (my dining companion doesn't like cumin, which he kind of narrowed his eyes and nodded at drily). All of the things he did (recommending a different wine, etc) could be done kindly and pleasantly, but he seemed like he was trying to make us feel out of place and awkward.The other two servers (a kind Black-Beard #2, and a nice quiet water pourer) were pleasant and attentive.Also, the atmosphere was not great--really loud, very crowded from people waiting for seats. Hard to move or hear anything.I hear there are better things on the menu--the dates, etc. But for this kind of restaurant, everything should be great.We got a table for 4 at the end of brunch: the restaurant was mostly empty.  It was pouring rain outside.  It was my first time dining at Avec despite years of work inside Chicago's restaurant industry.  I had obsessively compulsively read every bad review of the place many times and was on the lookout for potential downfall of snarky service.  The server was true to form but less than accommodating when she suggested my friend Gordon, who is allergic to mushrooms, had a mother who washed her hands too much. When I, a recovered alcoholic, asked for the best juice, and she recommended fermented wine juice, I reminded myself its a wine bar. The food and nonverbal service was outstanding.  I particularly enjoyed the lamb sausage with squash and the baked oven pancake with sour cream and peach compote.  The greens salad came alive with mint and cilantro, and the bacon wrapped figs lived up to the reputation for being a classic.  It was one of the best brunches I have ever had.I'd give a 3.5 but no halves so rounding up due to awesome service.  I'm sure I won't say much that others haven't said, although I have to say I like Blackbird's food better.  We went on a Thursday and got there at 5:30 and the place was already packed.  The staff was extremely friendly.  The space is small so it is sort of awkward when you're waiting, but they'll open a bottle of wine for you while you wait.  They quoted us 35 minutes and it was more like 15 so not too bad.  I could tell a bunch of other patrons went to the bar to wait, so it cleared out some space.  I'm not a huge fan of communal dining but I almost always have good luck and get the end of the table.  We were a party of 3 and got the end so it was actually quite nice (I somehow always end up getting this at Purple Pig as well...I have communal luck apparently!).  The seats themselves were very uncomfortable though.  The next day I had a sore butt!  The service was definitely phenomenal.  The wine list is pretty cheap but we had two good bottles.  The grenache blanc with carignan blanc (two grapes I had no idea existed as I've only had them red) was outstanding.The food was very solid.  It wasn't as good as Blackbird in my opinion.  The only thing that fell short for me was the pork shoulder.  It was actually quite dry.  But the chicken was very good, the chorizo stuffed dates of course were great, and the kale salad was so effing good.  But the standout for me was the whole fish.  This may have been the best actual fish I've ever eaten.  It was outstanding.  They do warn you there are some small bones so look out but it was so tender and succulent.  I was a huge fan.  I'll go back but I guess it didn't blow me away as much as I was expecting.  I do think they do a good job with such a small space and they turn tables over rather quickly.I went here with a group. I'm a vegetarian, so I was disappointed to learn that only two and a half menu items were available to me-- the leek bruschetta and the foccacia. So bread and bread. Also, they offered to take the fish off of the field green salad *for the same price*, so I could have plan field greens for something like 15. These were no other options or offers to make something other than bread or plain lettuce. For the bread I did eat, I wasn't blown away. It wasn't bad by any means, but it was very expensive and very salty. As I said, I was with a group, and the rest of them ate various dishes. Including me and my friend who only ate the foccacia, the bill averaged to $46 per person. That's insane! Someone had two drinks, but I stuck with water, as did two others, and the others had one drink at most. I was definitely underwhelmed. I went in wanting to like it, because I had heard so many good things, but I ended up feeling like living the Emperor's New Clothes. Salty, overpriced, and noisy. The one thing I will say was really positive (and thus the two stars) was that the desserts were pretty good. The nutter butter squares were like eating a candy bar, which was interesting, and I had something with chocolate which I remember liking quite a bit. Also, the servers were quite nice. I wasn't happy that they had not a single actual option for vegetarians beyond the plain lettuce or bread, but that wasn't the servers' fault.My conclusion-- if you like the hip restaurants, this would be fine for you. If you want value, vegetarian food, or to be able to hear the other people you are with, it's not the best.I've been here 4 times now and it has always been fantastic. I most recently brought my girlfriend here for a little birthday dinner. We started with the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed medjool dates -- always a must. We had the oyster mushrooms next. They were a wonderfully delicious contrast to the dates. Following the mushrooms, we had the chicken liver crostini and the lamb sausage. They were both great, but we both agreed the crostini was the better dish. Now neither of us are very big on sweets, so we opted not to get dessert. But our waiter brought us the nutter butter anyway, complete with a lit candle. It was pretty tasty, and a nice move on behalf of our waiter.I was blown away by the quality of this place. Maybe it's just because I was in the midwest and had low-expectations, but it far exceeded them.The one thing that I felt was weird was midwest portions. Large plates are .. LARGE FREAKING PLATES .. Their Prosciutto salad came with like 2lbs of prosciutto.  Small plates are the money here, and make sure to get the chorizo-stuffed dates. They're to die for.Our waitress was by far the best part. She was a happy, giddy intelligent, foodie who seemed about to burst with energy and passion about the food. We sat at the bar, and when she wanted to give her opinion on something, she'd get this guilty smile on her face, lean in really close, and almost whisper it to us. Fantastic experience, makes me miss Chicago.Whether you're just hanging at the bar grabbing a quick bite, or sitting at the communal tables Avec always delivers. The service is always top notch, ridiculously friendly and helpful. And the food is deeeee-lish!There honestly isn't one thing on their menu that I would tell you to steer clear of. I love it all, that's right EVERYTHING!So you may wonder why it is I gave it 4 stars instead of 5? Well I have to tell you it has to do with the sound level. At times it honestly is down right impossible to have a conversation in this place. Not because they are jamming to crazy loud tunes or anything like that, its just the acoustics of the room I guess. Some how the average banter of customers is amplified to a ridiculous level that makes my head hurt. Definitely a wonderful restaurant, with wonderful food and great service.Went there once and ordered the Chorizo dates with bacon. It was absolutely great like what the others mentioned! However the braised pork was not as good as what i expected earlier - although it was still okay. The first time i went there for dinner, we got seated immediately and our server was pretty agile in settling us down. However, the place can get crowded quickly and seating can be tricky as there is a big chance that you will share a table with strangers. Other than that, this is a great place for two and they provide a valet service for $10 if you choose not to park your car by yourselvesThis is one of the best overall eating experiences I have ever had. From the physical space, to the staff, chefs, music and most of all the food!We had the great fortune of sitting at the Chief's spot/counter. Not for the faint at heart as you get a good sense of how a kitchen works and the pressures from the wait staff to the boss-lady breathing over them. However, I would only want to ever sit at the spot. The chief was really a cool guy that was working his tail off but also was nice and gracious. And for someone that loves the process of cooking, it was such a great spot to see the masters in action. Most of all the food is just wonderfully flavorful, beautifully prepared and perfect. We stuck to the small plates and shared about 4 of them. Go for the prosciutto wrapped figs. The skirt steak is another must. But I suspect anything there would knock your socks off! If I had a criticism it would be the lack of some deserts that I would be interested in...and I'm a desert person. But I was so satisfied with the meal, desert wasn't a must. GO, GO, GO....you will not be sorry.A couple friends came to town, saying Anthony Bourdain had recommended Avec. Having never seen No Reservations, Mr. Bourdain and I were fighting when I sat down and saw the prices. My group ordered bacon wrapped dates with chorizo, the truffle flat bread, the brussel sprout salad and a handful of other dishes that didn't stand out as much. The atmosphere was perfect. While we waited for our food, I admired the glowing lights, bench seats and wine/beer bottle wall in the back. They managed to make a casual environment in a super classy establishment.  When the food came, I wanted to shake Anthony Bourdain's hand for the indirect recommendation. The truffle flat bread had that perfect truffle flavor. I cheated on my vegetarianism to try the bacon/chorizo/dates dish and the dates practically melted in my mouth. The flavors of all the dishes were pretty spectacular.Our server was helpful, personable and lovely. The prices are totally reasonable once you get this crazy good food in your belly. I think everyone in Chicago (visiting or living) should try this place. Love it.The decor and ambience is very nice. The service was decent, but the staff was very nice. And who doesn't like an open-kitchen. The food was above average. The clam and corn flatbread was good up in til the point where I realized there were supposed to be clams in it. I couldn't taste much aside from the sauce used on the flatbread, and the bread itself. The couscous at Avec is very good. Very light and lightly seasoned, can't go wrong really on a hot summer day.Casual, comfortable, flavorful, & innovative. The kitchen at Avec gets a standing ovation from me every time. The menu's seasonal but there are some staples that I always get.Chorizo stuffed Prosciutto Wrapped Dates in a Spicy Tomato SauceTaleggio Cheese FlatbreadPork ShoulderSeating's cafeteria style but conversation just flows freely as people discuss other groups' dishes and ask for advice on what they should next nosh on. If it ever gets silent or awkward, there's always the "Yum" or "Groan" that you could use to break through the silence. And I don't think anyone would find this strange since Avec is really that good.Visited here on a work trip, sat at the bar alone, the night after eating at The Girl and the Goat. Funnily enough, my waiter from the G&G was eating at Avec the next evening with significant other (even told me thought Avec was better!). I was told to order the dates (half serve of two), gladly obliged and added that to my order. The space is beautifully designed, a long thin dining room with polished wood, the bar/kitchen on the left and tables along the right wall. At the end is a wall of wine bottles with strategically lit rows/columns.Ordered: 1. The medjool dates,  wrapped in crip prsocuitto and stuffed with house made chorizo and served with a heady, spicy romesco tomato sauce. Served in a terracotta ramekin. At first I didn't order these ("just another bacon wrapped date") but was encouraged by my waiter friend. Wow was I glad I did, outstanding and really unlike any previous example. More like a huge delicious meatball with clear, clean flavours. Incredible.2. Special of grilled sturgeon, with a creamy cauliflower sauce. Delicious and interesting.3. Rabbit parpadelle, good, but I felt like this was a "safe" choice. 4. Two of their wine quartinos - exceptional value for a 250ml mini-carafe. I had a lovely italian pinot and a more ballsy italian red to follow. Exceptional value and quality and stands up against other comparable restaurants in New York. Considered, polite and helpful service. Go here.Small intimate place, great music, shared plates.The white focaccia was superb! It's a very close and intimate spot so just don't be uptight about others in your personal space because here you have none of that.Killer.  Such deliciousness... braised pork shoulder, whole fish, salad concoctions.  Go early and be prepared to wait.Reminder to self: must stop going out on a Valentine's Day weekend.  Wasn't impressed this first visit but would try again on a slower night.  Jam packed, basically right on top of your neighbor, and the food was underwhelming.  I thought the service stayed on top of the crowd which is why they get 2 stars.Better pork shoulder at The Purple Pig and better bacon-wrapped stuffed dates at Mercat a la Planxa.3.5* Wood-over roasted pork shoulder2.5* la quercia prosciutto4.5* chorizo-stuffed medjool dates2.5* slow-braised mackeral with chili2* housemade bratwurst3* cheese (pontaleo, idiazbal, montasio)Ok so about a month ago I went to Blackbird and had an incredible meal there. This meal was better, I believe.I came here on a Saturday night at 5:40 and I was worried because of the no reservation policy that I would have to wait quite a while. They seated me immediately. Very pleased with that. I was sat at the long bar which was nice (you were able to see the chefs prepare the food a little bit), but the seats got uncomfortable about 30 minutes into the meal. No biggie.After having a good amount of time to look at the menu I decided to order the Chorizo stuffed dates and the whipped brandade at the same time. The dates came out first.This was the first time I have ever had dates, I didn't know what to expect but based on the reviews of these babies I was confident. They were AMAZING! I thought of ordering them again but I wanted to continue to try new things. They had a little sweetness, and a little spiciness. They were also a little smokey  because of the chorizo. The only complaint I have with the dish is that I wish I had a little more sauce so I could use the bread to sop it up.The brandade came out once I was about to eat my last date so I was pleased with the fact that I didn't have to wait for it. I have never had salt cod before so again I didn't know what to expect. It was really tasty though, probably my favorite thing of the night. I don't really know how to explain it but it was creamy and rich with a nice fish flavor. The bread that came out didn't have its own flavors that over powered the fish spread but it was good bread that was grilled nicely. It had a nice chew, was crispy on the crust, and has a smokey char flavor. Makes me wish they served that quality of bread at Blackbird next door.As I was about to finish the brandade, I ordered the small plate hanger steak. The amount of time it took to come out was quite long and I thought about taking one star off of my rating but when the plate of food came, the flavors were well worth the wait. Very tender steak cooked medium rare to rare. The balsamic and basil mustard added a little bit of heat to the dish that was nice (it was a horseradish type heat). The grapefruit added a beautiful citrus flavor to the plate that I loved. I only wish there was another segment of the grapefruit because I almost ran out when I was eating the last piece of steak (and I don't even like grapefruit!).I finished the meal with their seasonal sorbet which was lemon and it came with two small, and fragile sugar cookies. Maybe the best sugar cookies i've ever had!I definitely recommend going with someone because I went by myself and these three small plates were almost too much for me. What I ate could have fed two people who were moderately hungry. The price was real good. With no drinks (just water) and including tax and tip I spent $50. I would recommend this place to everyone and hope to be back soon when I celebrate my birthday with my parents later this week!Quick edit: One thing that was a bit tricky was finding the door to the place. I walked down into the little entrance/alley area thing and saw a door in front of me. I tried to open it but was locked (it was a private entrance). I then went to the front of the restaurant and looked at the front of it to see if there was a door but there wasn't. Went back and saw a wooden door that blended in well with its surroundings. I tried to pull it but had to push. Not a big issue but could have had a more obvious front door.What can I say that hasn't already been said?! Avec is wonderful and certainly worth the often long waits to get a table. I'd recommend going in the summertime to take advantage of a drink out front while you wait. Of course, I have to mention how incredible the chorizo-stuffed dates are! They alone are reason to try Avec.The only things holding me back from a 5-star rating is, again, the long wait (not a huge deal), and the tight dining quarters. Sometimes I'm just not interested in sharing an intimate dining experience with a table of strangers. Other times, I couldn't care less. It's just something to be aware of when going.I visited early on a friday night, the first week of Jan. 2012. The staff here was quite knowledgeable about wine, yet not pretentious when asking for guidance about what is suitable to pair with the food menu. The modern, hip, vibe of the this place was great. The music was outstanding but not too loud.If you are a foie gras lover, take the $30+ plunge on this dish...you will not regret it.The flavor and tenderness was unreal.The chorizo-date dish and the roasted squid was also really tasty.I'm speachless.Their  "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil is one of the best thing in the world.The food at Avec was simply amazing!  The chorizo-stuffed dates with smoked bacon were incredible, the squid in a tomato sauce was a delight, and the baba ghanoush crostini with salmon roe was delicious!It was noisy and you sit at communal tables, but once you get used to the ambiance you can easily make friends with your neighbors.  We found the people in Chicago to be very friendly and open - and quick to share recommendations of their favorite places to eat.  Overall an excellent place to have a night out - without being overly expensive.Dates. Dates. Dates. Their Chorizo Stuffed Bacon Wrapped Dates are UNREAL! Sometimes my friends and I come here just for their dates. In all honesty though, their expansive and detailed menu offers very cool and fulfilling items. The staff is amazing and the woody feel with the wood interior is super trendy. This is a must go!We inadvertently ended up on a tour of the Blackbird family of restaurants, Avec being the second. We started at Big Star per a friend's recommendation then heard about the rest of the "family" from our server. Avec was a pleasant surprise and we stayed longer, ate and drank more than we had planned. Exceptional service from Joseph at the bar! He knew his wines and had spent a significant amount of time in Madrid much to the pleasure of my Spanish sommelier bf. Outstanding wine list, small, boutique and very interesting, perfect with the menu. We had the chorizo dates per the chef's recommendation (and against our preference) and they were as awesome as everyone here says. My only complaint was how uncomfortable the bar stools were..although very cool decor, reminded me of a Finish sauna. My bf's only complaint were the housemade olives, not as goodnasnhe had hoped (remember he is from olive country). We went in the mid-afternoon on a Wednesday and walked right in. Overall we loved it and it led us to The Publican the next day!Great food and ambiance. Its a long and narrow place so I hope you don't mind sitting next to people since they put as many people to a table as they can comfortably. Most nights they have a wait so either get there earlier or be ready to sit in the patio sipping on drinks until a table opens up.Decadence at its finest!Soooo, so good! Even though the place gets crazy packed, my friend and I were able to get seated right away at the bar. Everything we ordered was delicious - bacon wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates; warm burrata with braised artichokes, pomegranates, basil and smoked sea salt; kale salad with fennel, red onion, crimini mushrooms, hard-boiled egg and shaved parmesan; and of course, a delicious bottle of vino! Loved everything and can't wait to go back.Hands-down the best restaurant in Chicago. Truffle pizza/flatbread and pork shoulder were our favorites.This is a bit of a duel review for avec and Blackbird, but seeing as how they're sister restaurants I don't think it should be an issue.My BFF was visiting from Cleves, and as usual she likes to live it up in one of Chicago's best restaurants - we settled on avec, but the place was packed so we were politely directed next door for a bit of a tipple at Blackbird. Am very glad, because all four of us really enjoyed the London Calling cocktail - a mix of gin, Pimms, ginger, and cucumber soda - to the point where we all got seconds. I also insisted on trying their semi-famous endive and crispy potato salad with a poached egg on top (the potato is shaped into a basket, the server cuts it up for you!), which I really enjoyed. Blackbird was lovely, but a little posh for us.Note: as I travelled between restaurants - they're separated by a small alleyway - a large rat ran across my foot. Don't be alarmed - if I were a rat living in Chicago, I'd hang out in Blackbird's dumpster, too. Plus, it reminded me of home, as Australia has rats the size of their ancestral ship denizens.Finally we were called to our table at avec. The crowd was 90% hipster, and jumping. Our server was lovely, and recommended excellent cheeses for the platter (with honeycomb, and quince jelly), and a good red wine. The dishes, however, were a bit hit and miss. Here's a rundown of ones that were memorable, both good and bad: "deluxe" foccacia - server recommended, and my favourite dish of the night. Crispy, salty, creamy. It was addictive. The bacon/chorizo stuffed dates, another signature dish, were merely okay (a bit sad, because I was really excited to try it). I ordered the burrata with eggplant and mushroom, which I enjoyed. The Husband ordered the pork shoulder cassoulet, and it was universally loved. However, my chicken dish - which I anticipated as being homey, warming, comforting - was both odd and universally *unloved*. The chicken itself was pronounced in its cumin affliction, and otherwise bland (Tom Colicchio would deduce serious points for lack of seasoning). The rice was a bit gluggy, instead of crispy. Supremely disappointing. We ordered virtually half the menu, although I'm struggling to recall what else...ah! The pear and quinoa salad was yummy, and I enjoyed the roasted leek bruschetta, too. We also ordered the entire dessert menu - hey, there were 4 of us! - and I loved the affagato best, although the orange upside down cake was delightfully moist and tasty. By that point we were stuffed and poor, but couldn't shake the feeling that we'd had...better.And we had. While avec was fun, and a prime restaurant to cross off the Done list, Girl & the Goat remains my favourite restaurant, ever. When you leave G&tG, you're euphoric, happily surprised, blissfully educated. I didn't get that feeling from avec, and neither did my cohorts. It deserves the 4 stars, and your patronage, but if you want the best atmosphere, engaging, friendly staff, and fancy food somehow made unpretentious and exciting, every single time, go visit Stephanie Izzard instead.What a great place just a few blocks from the theater district: fun & lively atmosphere, good wine, excellent service & awesome small plates.  I'll definitely be back to work my way down the menu!I come to Chicago for a trade show and we always visit avec.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the food is fantastic.  We always order at least 5 plates, never have we been disappointed.Oh Avec, how long I've waited to finally experience you and so glad that we finally did. Came here with my husband per our usual date night on a Saturday night and were supposed to arrive around 6pm and hope for a decent wait time, but plans changed and we got there around 5:15pm which was perfect since we got sat right away. The whole communal dining experience isn't ideal for date night and my husband is def. not a fan of that, so we probably should have sat at the bar since there were a few empty seats. By 5:30pm, the place was jam packed and at least a half an hour wait, so timing is key at this place. Since we were literally on top of our neighbors, on both sides of us, we got to see that everyone pretty much orders the focaccia and the dates and so we ordered both since there was just two of us and a few of their beers. Beers were alright, nothing note worthy even getting the Italian ones. The focaccia came out first and it was a okay, we both thought it was tasty, but a bit bland for us, so I would have to agree with some of the other reviews so at this point my Avec experience is a okay to even I've experienced better point, but wait, wait, everything CHANGED when we received the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped, mejdool dates in that spicy red sauce served with hot bread. WOW, that was one of the best things I"ve ever eaten, my two star experience suddenly went up to four stars because, they were amazing. Just get them, don't think twice, in fact get a portion just for yourself because they are just that good. Perfect combination of sweet, salty, spicy and mouth-watering goodness. We thoroughly enjoyed them and I may just come back at off peak times, sit at the bar, by myself if I have to, and order those dates!! They make Avec what it is today, if it wasn't for that menu item, I would really doubt the success of the place. The whole fish looked good, but for $38, we decided against it and I'm not the biggest fan of pork shoulder, a little heavy for me, so we didn't get that either.Just order the DATES!!! You will not regret it. That's all.Great food, kind of silly atmosphere (which is not, I think, what the designers were going for).  The bruschetta with corn and fennel and paprika was amazing, as was the goose sausage.  There's a cheese menu which was basically what drew me to the place but I didn't have room for any.  Instead, I had their house-made pear liqueur, which was pretty delicious, I must say.  The best part of the meal, or at least a huge plus, was the interesting Spanish- and Portuguese-focused wine list, and the 250ml servings, which is basically enough for two on-the-small-side glasses.  Very reasonably priced all around. The atmosphere was very---austere.  I didn't exactly dislike it, but it could've used a few orchids or something.  It really does look like a sauna.  The back wall of green wine bottles is really cool.  Don't go for privacy, as the seats on the long communal table are closely spaced.  We sat at the bar, which was fine, and though the seats really weren't that comfortable, they also were better than they looked.  In Rainbows was playing (it was right after it was released) and they played the album's best song, Reckoner, twice in a row, which amused me.  Gail from Top Chef was eating there with friends, which also amused me.My overall takeaway is that this would make a GREAT first date spot for the following reasons: 1. I think this place would rock for late night drink and light fare. It's not a long drawn out, overly-filling dinner, kind of place. 2. You will have a very relaxed, chill experience, thanks to the soft, light wooden walls and clean lines. 3. The food is delicious; most noteworthy dishes include the salmon, as well as the citrus salad.  4. If your date sucks--you can talk to the people sitting next to you. They're probably cool if they're at Avec. And, if not, then your date can bond with them:)(So--why minus one star? I was still hungry when I left, but that happens at tapas places for me.)It's definitely annoying this place doesn't take reservations... but I completely understand why! I sat at the bar and was able to watch everyone preparing meals... i LOVE that sort of thing, so I was highly entertained throughout dinner. I have to admit, I crave the Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates. Not to mention, I hate dates. The waiter bet me the dish that I'd love them and he was VERY correct! They are amazing! TRY THEMWine selection was great! I love the atmosphere-- it's different and I don't mind sharing tables or when things get loud... it's a restaurant, if you wanted peace and quiet, stay home! I'd recommend going to this place with a group of 4 max-- otherwise it can take forever. Perfect date spot can't wait to go back!Tried Avec last night, after hearing great things about the food, but our experience was inconsistent. The bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates were great, as was the fish special, a whole dorado. Everything else - the crostini, pork cheeks, focaccia, veal ragu pasta, salmon and sausage - were just OK. Compared to the depth of flavor and seasoning on the dates and dorado, these dishes were noticeably lacking.The thing that bothered us most, though, was the service. The greeters and seaters were lovely, but the waitress was chilly at best. There were several instances where we had questions about the menu or the status of our orders, and rather than explain the situation, we received snotty replies. For instance, when asked for the second time about an appetizer, which we clearly want sooner than later and which is clearly delayed compared to other apps, why not look into it or explain the deal, rather than snip "everything is on the way, SIR" for the second time, only for it not to arrive for 15+ mins (25+ from the first time you were asked)?This place has been making it happen for some time. Menu is always changing to keep it exciting. There is an ongoing mix of classics such as chorizo stuffed dates as well as more adventurous options, liver etc. The staff is always pleasant and it's one of a handful of places where we always sit at the bar. Drawbacks, tend to go off hours because it is so small and no reservation's, and  the wine selection. They went a little too out of the way on wine selection.  I've tried 3 or 4 reds and didn't care for any.. that said they have a good beer selection.After hearing many positive reviews from friends and collegues, including one or two who have stated this was their favorite restaurant in Chicago, we finally made it there on a Friday evening. Knowing they don't take reservations and that the wait can get quite long at times, we arrive around 5:30pm and the place was fairly empty. We were seated right away. By the time we were finishing our last plate, we were trapped between two parties that had arrived after us. It was a little awkward getting out since they were all enjoying their food (I was tempted to crawl under the table).The food was wonderful and very well prepared, as many other reviews have said. I love trying a lot of different dishes and the tapas style menu made that easy. The waitress recommended a mix of four large and small dishes for two people, so we got the chorizo stuffed dates (of course), quinoa salad (vegetable serving of the day, loved the different textures), braised beef (so tender and flavorful) and pork shoulder. It was actually way too much food, and I hadn't even eaten lunch. We definitely could have done without the pork shoulder, and even then the three small plates would have been a struggle (meek, I know).So coming from Philadelphia and enjoying the likes of Tria and all our yummy restaurants, my fiance and I asked our friends and former residents of Chicago: where should we eat? Avec, they said!We sat at the end of the bar and watched the chefs create some awesome deliciousness. I ordered the whipped brandade with garlic bread and fresh herbs and the werp farms baby greens with grapefruit, watermelon radish, grilled fennel and ricotta salata and my fiance had the chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce and something else that I can't recall (something with fish) but it was all so good, and we were in heaven. Applause all around. The wines were also amazing and the bartender let me try out a white wine that he thought I might find too sweet (I did) and promptly gave me another one that was just perfect. How's that for service? Also, we fell in love the napkins (I'm a sucker for Frenchie stuff) and we found out we could purchase them. A perfect momento of our trip to Chi-town. Merci, Avec!Went last night and it was fantastic.  Great space but definitely loud and crowded.  But we knew that going in so it wasn't a turn-off for us.  My party ended up sitting at the bar since that was the first available when we arrived at 7:30.  Had an excellent Spanish red blend, a mix of cheeses, and a selection of their tapas for the 3 of us.  Because of fellow Yelpers we ordered the chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates which did not disappoint.  The only reason for not giving it 5 stars... our server was efficient and not mean in any way but didn't really engage with us or impart any opinions when we asked specific questions about the food.  But service was definitely prompt and professional.Hello Yelpers.  Long time reader, first time contributor.  Figured it was about time I gave back, at least a little.So where better to start than at the top of my Chicago dining hierarchy?  To me, Avec epitomizes what an urban dining should be.  Energetic, edgy, adventurous, authentic.  We are lucky to have it here in Chicago.Dish-wise, hard to go wrong, but I'd advise anything that involves a pork shoulder or a whole fish.  The hangar steak preparation is generally simple but also near-perfect.  And trust the waitstaff - they know what they are talking about.  While some frown at the wooden benches, long waits, and an aggressive noise level, I think it adds to the experience.  So go at 11pm to dodge the crowd at its peak, and enjoy your Tempranillo with a soundtrack from WuTang.I was in town for business and decided to stay a few extra days. If you get a chance to stop by I highly recommend you do. The place is crowded and hard to get into but worth the wait. We just happened to show up at the right time and walked right in.We had the  Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, Hanger Steak  with bone marrow, Pork Shoulder and Cauliflower with Kale. Everything was prepared just perfect.This place did not disappoint! The decor is very minimal and the seating is real cozy but the vibe is great!!!Love this place! Been here twice now. I love small plates in general because it allows you to try a variety of items. Some of my favorites include the tomato salad (seasonal, no longer on the menu) - so simple but delicious.  I really liked their focaccia - the cheese had a great flavor and oozed out of the bread. However, I've had the focaccia twice now, so I don't know if I'll order it again...too many things to try. I don't eat pork, but my husband said the chorizo stuffed in dates was the best thing he ever ate. I also had a great pasta with mushroom ragu (seasonal, no longer on the menu)..I really enjoyed the texture of the pasta and the flavor of the mushrooms was excellent.You can't get reservations, so you will definitely have to wait, but it's well worth it. It's ideal when you don't have reservations and will have to wait anyway.Get the chorizo stuffed dates...AMAZING!!! That alone is a good enough reason to go there. Also, the bread and pastries are all baked fresh and in house. If you ever wondered where? There is a cool downstairs area where fresh bread and pastries are shelled out. When I was staging at (next door Big Brother Blackbird) I remember hand delivering our pastries to Avec via the alley! The French Basque cheese selection is to die for! Where can you find raw sheep milk cheese outside of Basque country? The small plates are good for two. I love the quail! Good stuff!Also the wine selection is great! I love the large la Rioja blends that are available by glass! You don't need a reservation. Good for party's and intimate dates. Awesome!Loved the wooden decor. Simple. However, you'll be seated closely to others so if you like your own space, it might not suit you.The server was good about the selection of wines.Went to Avec last nigt with one other person at about 8.30 pm. The hostess told us it will be a 45 min wait, which was fine. She took down our phone number and we went to a nearby restaurant for a drink and waited for her call. She did call on time, and when we arrived she offered us a bar seat or a table. We took the bar, as we are both bar people. The bartender came over to say hi, pour us water, and set up our plates, but then didn't come back for more than 10 min and we watned to order our wine. Once we ordered the wine, everything went smooth. We ordered the special peppers, with goat cheese, a fish and potato dip dish... it was yummy, but I can't recall the name, and a tallegio and white truffle oil flat bread. It was all amazing, For dessert, we ordered some pistacchio thing, but it was unedible. My friend liked it, but I thought it was dry. Then we ordered dates with white chocolate and they were yummy. We also had one of the best Templeton Rye Old Fashioned I've ever had, and I hate Rye whiskey. I am still thinking about it this morning because it was sooooo amazing. Overall, the experience was great. I will definitley be back to try more of the menu items. The ambiance was good, but I would not sit at the tables with a party of 2. Maybe with a party of 3 or more. The tables are not intimate and I'm not a huge fan or community seating. I will definitley be back!The dates, the dates...yum.  Bacon-wrapped, chorizo stuffed goodness.  This spot is beautiful but cramped, a spine of blond wood and great food done tapas style.  Find an off-night and get there as quick as you can.  Otherwise very crowded with long waits, as it should be.Delicious~~ I've tried quartino, girl and the goat, and cafe ba ba reeba for tapas in the city. Avec is by far the best I've had for money and taste wise. Between the three of us, we ordered 4 tapas and we couldn't even finish it all. Tried-Chorizo stuffed dates- yes they really are as good as everyone else says they areHanger Steak- Amazing sauce! Loved it (my favorite dish from the night)Pork Shoulder- Very big portion, they were kidding when they put it under the large platesFoccacia- mmm truffles, the truffle taste was very strong and over powered the brie, made it feel like I was just eating a truffle pizza. Yes, these are communal tables so seats were not so comfortable, but hey might as well get to know your neighbors to make it more comfortable. It was kind of chilly that day so their doors were closed, but I'm guessing for nicer days they open up the doors so the wait area isn't as cramped. We came in around 6p.m on a Friday night and we didn't have to wait much- we actually were just waiting for one person within our party to arrive to be seated. Must try for tapas in the city!GET THE FOCCACIA! Omg, it is seriously one of the best breads I've ever had, foccacia bread steaming hot filled with a truffle and cheese mixture. I went with a group of girlfriends and we split a ton of dishes (including the famous bacon wrapped dates, the chicken, a cheese plate and several other things) but the foccacia is definitely the star. For dessert, we had the chocolate cake and a pudding type dish. Both were excellent as well. The only issue was the service, it was super slow (we were there for almost 3 hours) and our server seemed a little disinterested. However, I will definitely be back to try all of the other great dishes!I love everything about this restaurant - the community tables, the scene, and the food. Also love that you can get in without a reservation.30 minute Uber stop, and Avec get us out in time.  Flavor, Atmosphere, and Service !!!I'm channeling my inner Zoe: "This place is everything."While the atmosphere was loud and kind of small, the quality of the food more than makes up for if.  I was here on business and the dinner for one, with alcohol, came to 65 including tip.  I had the veal and it was perfectly cooked.  Buttery and fork tender.  I would eat there again but be wary of the noise levels.Nice ambiance! Food was great!  Nice wood decor.  Hazelnut bread pudding and chorizo knocked my socks off!  Customer service was great!Nice ambiance, but really much too crowded. I'd suggest dining at the bar/kitchen rather than the table seating, because they expect you to all scoot into a bench, making it rather awkward if you have to use the restroom (think of when you're on a plane and you're in the window seat. sucks right?).  My boyfriend tried some of the seafood options: the swordfish and the octopus, and neither of them were that great. I had a salad, the english pea crostini and the oyster mushrooms.  The pea crostini and mushrooms were pretty good but the salad wasn't anything special at all. Would I recommend it? Eh, no probably not.  But that's because I've been to better restaurants in the same genre.Lives up to its reputation.For wine, we had languedoc rose which was very nice.4 people eating ordered: olives, green salad, crostini, dates (2 orders!), brandade, hangar steak, pork shoulder, and concord grape sorbet for dessert.  The dates are incredible, but honestly, none of use felt there was a dud dish in the bunch. The green salad was especially tasty, as was the brandade.  I realize there are those that don't care for the pork shoulder, but I thought it was fabulous.  And, the bread is awesome.Really a great dining experience.This past weekend me and a few friends took a fifteen hour car ride from Boston to Chicago to go to Pitchfork fest. Before we left though, I asked the chef at the restaurant I worked at where I should go eat in Chicago, whereupon laughed at me and said "Alinea, obviously." and then proceeded to tell me about Avec. I was a little skeptical at first since I always feel awkward going into a place that is geared towards alcohol when I'm not 21, but I figured I would give it a shot. So after fifteen hours of driving we finally get to the restaurant, only to have to wait for half an hour at 11PM. That's how busy this place is. The restaurant itself is really beautiful, a stark contrast to the minimalist white Blackbird next door. The communal aspect of dining combined with the wood paneling gives the place a really cozy warm feel, something you don't find in a lot of ultra-trendy/hip places. It is a little loud though, and we had to shout across the table at times to keep up the conversation. Also, while communal dining is pretty cool in that someone offered us their food after they were too full to finish it, having people dip their fingers into the salt and pepper was not. And I hope you don't mind people listening into your conversations because that's bound to happen as well. But the food. The food was deliciously amazing. Like I said, we had just gotten finished a car ride that took us halfway across the country, so we were all hungry and tired (especially after that wait). The food did not disappoint. Everything was so heavy and rich and just full of flavor. Despite the fact that nothing here is conventional, it all felt like comfort food. The "deluxe" focaccia was one of the best dishes I've had in a while. The cheese inside of it was so creamy and savory, and the bit of truffle oil in it gave it that earthy smell that made it an olfactory wonderland. Our group got the focaccia and flatbread to share. The flatbread was a little on the salty side, the olives and the relatively strong (but delicious!) cheese contributing to that. I personally got the dates since I heard so much about them on the site. While the sweet and spicy flavors were an interesting mix, I really wasn't all the impressed by it. The spiciness of the chorizo really overpowered a lot of the other flavors I thought. Maybe if it weren't so spicy it would have been better. It was a good dish, but I think the praise that it's getting is a little much. It was really filling though, a heavy dish, which was nice. Someone else in the group got the asparagus crostini, and she described the red bean hummus as one of the best she's ever had.Like I said earlier, the dishes here are all really rich and really filling. After eating a few pieces of the focaccia and a piece of flatbread, I was almost full and could barely stuff down three of the dates. But I loved that, everything just had so much flavor and was perfect for a bunch of tired hungry people late at night. I wish I felt as content and happy after every meal like I did after Avec. The price isn't bad too. For four people to the check came out to around 80 dollars, and we all left with full stomachs. Even though we all skipped out on having "classic" Chicago foods like burgers or pizza to go here, it was well worth it.I like this restaurant! I like the design, I love the food and wine selections, and really enjoyed being able to stand outside and drink Paris bistro style before being seated!Kudos to the hostess and outside bartender! They were not only extremely gracious for such an infamous Chicago eatery but extremely helpful as well.The food here was amazing, as illustrated by the 200+ glowing reviews, the bacon dates in particular were nothing short of outstanding!THE BAD: Loved the communal seating but it made for a loud meal.  I sort of wish I had sat at the bar instead but I am not going to take a star off for this.The service by the waitress/server combo I encountered was nothing short of atrocious! We were the first 2 to sit down at our '7' person table. We ordered first before any one else had sat down. The two other people next to us get seated and low and behold get served water and bread before us. I wait for the bread... it never comes....  (-Minus star). We get our food and it was great so I forgot about the bread and enjoy the fact that I had a full glass of wine.The two people sitting next to us who sat down while we were ordering watch as 5 different plates of food get served to the group of 4 next to them, two of which they ordered!!, when they  ordered at least 15 minutes before those people even sat down!!!!! Worse we watch them wait for at least another 15 minutes while both sides of the table have food out (offered my food to them I felt so bad). (Would minus a star but won't....)Later our tray of cheese comes out and some dude slaps it down without even iterating what was what after I had asked the waitress to surprise us! I could understand the lousy table service if it was busy but it was almost 930 and the restaurant was not close to full anymore, where was my waitress and why couldn't she be bothered to come over and inform us which cheeses were what?!? I didn't know I was paying for a blind tasting... (Minus a star).CONCLUSION: I will be back for the food and wine but will absolutely insist on waiting to sit at the bar next time!This is an amazing restaurant!!!!The food was awesome.The service was impeccable. They also have a huge selection of wines as well. We Ate:focaccia with taleggio cheese and truffle oil  (everyone needs to order this)chorizo-stuffed dates with smoked bacon and tomato sauceroasted quailshouse-made chocolate crisps The resturant is pretty small.  They don't take reservations so you could easily wait over an hour.  If you have the time it's worth the wait!!!Avec is tremendous.  The space is small, so if this bothers you, beware.  It doesn't bother me at all--I kind of like the energy it brings.  There are also cushions for the seats if you need them...My boyfriend and I went a few weeks ago when the weather was unseasonably warm.  We put our names on the list around 6:30 and were seated a few minutes after 7.  We didn't mind the wait at all because we just started a bottle of wine and waited outside.  The chorizo stuffed dates were tasty and full of flavor.  We also had the warm red quinoa salad, which was one of our favorites.  The seared tri-tip was delicious and then we had the pork shoulder special--amazing.  Overall, the food is very fresh, perfectly cooked, and incredibly tasty.  Enjoy!Holy close to 500 reviews!!! Well... I'll just add to the fire I guess.I went here last night for a birthday dinner. I spoke with the hostess the day before to see when the best time to arrive would be because of hearing about long wait times and such. She said anytime before 7pm would be okay. We show up at around 6:45pm... there was a wait. It wasn't long though. About 15 minutes, if that. We had a carafe of sparkling rose to keep us company so it was just fine.We got seated at the bar (which the hostess had told me earlier would be the best spot to eat if it was just going to be the two of us), ordered another carafe of champagne, and perused the menu. We had asked the bartender/server what his recommendations were. He said the dates are a must (of coarse), the walleye (whitefish on the menu), and the chicken. Yes, yes, and yes please!Chorizo stuffed dates with smoked bacon and pepper and tomato sauce - everyone has explained these little love bombs to a T so I'm not going to go much further. I was told that everything is made in-house; the chorizo, bacon,... the guy even told us they have a little date tree in the basement (he had a real good sense of humor).Walleye/whitefish - tender walleye in a broth with lemon. So good!!! I think there might have been some sort of parsley salad of something on top of it. It was pretty damn good.Roasted chicken with chimichuri, chickpeas, squash, cauliflower and shaved haricot vert - This was good, but not the best thing we had that evening. Great flavor! Tasted very Moroccan which I wasn't expecting, but it was a nice surprise.Overall, I had a great time here. Yes, it was packed. Yes, it was loud. But when I could ask for any recommendation from our bartender/waiter and the "wine guy" at any given  moment, that's a plus in my book. It's worth whatever hassle that you have to deal with.Avec is our [especially mine] all time favorite Chicago Restaurant. They don't take reservations, so if you arrive with a group, be prepared for a wait, or get there closer to opening time to avoid long waits. We usually head here as a two-top and like to sit at the bar, but no matter where you sit this place is 'communal' and 'close quarters' and you will like share conversations with those around you, another reason why we like this place. We have met some really interesting and fun people here.The food is obviously the big draw card. Thank-goodness they treat their staff well as Chef de Cuisine Koren Grieveson is the secret sauce, she has provided the magic from the start and I hope she is the main-stay for years to come.  The menu has been a revolving & consistent menu. Revolving in that they do different seasonal takes on several staple dishes providing the consistency. There is always a 'crostini' to be found, and when we were there it consisted off  smashed early spring peas, red onion, parsley & marinated feta in red wine - delicious. People go crazy for the 'chorizo-stuffed medjool dates' with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce, they do taste good, but there are so many other things that we are typically drawn to.The menu also features a whole fish at MP [market price], a salad, some seasonal vegetables and a dessert or two as a special. The dressing they use on their salad is so drool worthy we asked for the recipe, all we got was a list of what went into it. That was three years ago we are still trying to get the balance right - we are almost there, not that a few more trips to Avec won't help. A few other faves to try that we also like are the: focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs; any salad that is shaved be it fennel or brussel sprouts; and of course the bread fresh & hot from the wood oven. Did I mention they have a great wine list? They offer up an interesting selection of European wines.The 'pork shoulder' also a staple on the menu comes in some form or another. This visit it was a wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with harissa, marinated rock shrimp, hominy, peanuts and tomatillo. It is always moist & succulent and packed with interesting flavors & textures to round out the dish. It is huge and filling, although it looks small - trust us. The other fave dish to order is the 'prosciutto' also always seasonal in flavor the current version is a la quercia prosciutto with lavender mascarpone and coriander. As an insiders tip, this is listed on menu as large plates, if you ask nicely they will serve it up as a 1/2 portion. Truly fabulous. Thanks Avec. Pictures avail on blog bit.ly/mUwXJPWhat can I say that others haven't.  Chorizo stuff dates is a must, the pork shoulder is very well cooked and excellent.  I love the fact that it's served family style.  It is a bit tight in there, and lucky we got there early enough, that we didn't have to wait.  But by the end of our meal we were shoulder to shoulder with people waiting.  We had seats at the bar.  I really enjoyed the food and would go again sometime in the middle of the week.  The weekend are rough.Avec is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago. Nearly every dish I've ever tried is excellent. This is comfort food -- with a french flair -- at it's best.I should note that the one downside is the seating. Expect to be sitting very close to your neighboring tables and okay with other people hearing your conversation. Also, it can be tough to get a table. The restaurant is very small. I usually try to go early on a weeknight to give me the best chance.Rebecca the hostess is very rude. I guess she thinks she is cooler than everyone. Big turn off almost walked out. Then the manager wasn't friendly either. So we had our cocktail and proceeded next door where EVERYONE was friendly. Not sure why these people are such haters but if you want to be treated like crap avec rules.I came here for lunch with three friends from out of town who specifically asked to eat at avec. we had high expectations given the reputation of the restaurant, and left underwhelmed by the experience (although pretty happy with the food). Our server was brusque and less than friendly. Other staff members (who appeared to be wearing sports jerseys to work) spilled coffee on my friend, water on me, and tried to remove a shared plate that was not yet finished. While this is acceptable at some restaurants, I was surprised to encounter it at a well reviewed location.It's worth noting that the food was good, although not exceptional. The exception was the focaccia, which was phenomenal.once upon a time there was a handsome gentleman who met a beautiful lady.  he asked her out on a date, took her to the most amazing restaurant ever and there they fell madly in love.  the end.while that's basically the truth of the story, i should add a little more.  the handsome gentleman was a chef and the beautiful lady was very inexperienced with food.  he took her to his favorite restaurant: avec.  once there, she understood the beauty and just how absolutely-amazingly-incredible food can be.  to this day, their brandade is still in her top 5 dishes of all time.  and avec is still one of his favorite restaurants.Check out my full review here!thebuckwheater.com/avecSpace:Communal chicService:Incredibly friendly.Food:Those dates are killer and the rest is also ridiculousValue:Pretty fitting consider I'd give a leg for just one more date...The short version (out of 5)Flavor: 3Originality: 4Presentation: 4I heard good things about Avec and wanted to try it out.Since I knew they did not take reservations, you'll need to sit outside or go somewhere and have them call you.During the wait, I met a good couple of out of town foodies like myself.Ordered a wine since they basically don't serve any martinis.45 minutes into my wait, they got seated.Waited another 25 minutes and noticed that there was on open table near the entrance and asked the maitre'd what was the status of my seat.She told me that she was waiting for a place to open up at the bar but at this point I wanted to get to eating so she ended seating me to the couple I met outside.They told that the end of their table near the back had been opened since they sat down.  I would have appreciated some sort of notification that something had opened up.Well on to eating.Chorizo dates:I can understand why many yelpers enjoy this.  Sweet, salty, spicy.  I thought it was pretty good.  But one of the couple was not too impressed and likened it to a sweet meatball.  Yeah I could see his point but still think it is worth trying.The pacing of long the next course took was quite long.  I finished my dates and it at least another 15 minutes before the next course came out.  In the meantime, the couple shared some of their squid.  The consistency was pretty soft and bland.My carpaccio steak sandwich came out next.  Good texture and a nice contrast between the softness of the meat and the crunchiness of the bread.The daily selection of salumi was decent.Next course, a generous portion of pork shoulder.  Well made but not extraordinary.  Pretty tender with good flavor but when I sampled the couples's hanger steak, theirs was dissappointing tough.Pretty decent value but for the time, food pacing, quality, and balance of flavor, I would advise going to either Girl in the Goat (if you're not into communal seating and can get a reservation) or the Purple Pig or the Publican (if communal seating is okay for you) at a similar pricepoint.AwesomeAvec is famous, and there're enough detailed reviews here that I'll just add some tidbits from my recent visit. The space is beautiful to start off. It's a bit small, but we arrived on a Sunday evening and it wasn't terribly crowded. We were able to get seated at the bar right away. The staff was very friendly and attentive. They explained things on the menu that we didn't know the details about and were very helpful. For such a foodie and high brow restaurant, it was very refreshing to see how approachable and pleasant the staff is. Food is excellent. Quality and craftsmanship were very high, although some of the flavors were subtle so make sure to pay attention. We had the focaccia, squid, and brandade. All were amazing. This is a fantastic restaurant in pretty much all respects.I was lucky to join a newbie to Avec tonight. Although only being here once, I thought I had a good handle on the place. Perhaps I thought wrong. The food is still outstanding and is always fun to share and enjoy with a wonderful friend or even a small group. Penny and I got to sit at the bar, this time. The menu changes slightly for each season. Some dishes get modified, some get changed completely and others remain their tried and true selves. We were able to sample some of each tonight and of course what we had left smiles and happy faves on each of our faces. Starting with a glass of wine from their large and simply jaw dropping wine list, we descended on to the menu. What to get... what to get...  we went in on two different rounds and 6 different plates. We went in our first round the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates, really a must when ever you come here. 4 of these bad boys placed in a roasted red pepper sauce. Amazing stuff. Feel free to take the crusty bread and get lusty with the sauce. I mean that's what it is there for. Then we move on to the prosciutto, pear and manchego cheese. Light with a hint of citrus from lemons, smokiness from the prosciutto, blended well with the sweetness of the pear and the richness of the olive oil and cheese. As well as the deluxe focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs. Think of it like this. Crispy warm flat bread that nestles and cradles soft warm cheese that just melts in your mouth. It explodes with the richness of the truffle oil and sings harmonic praises of heaven with the herbs. This is my kind of carb loading. Our second round we went with the special of rapini sauteed in olive oil, garlic, red pepper flakes and a little lemon. The bitterness of the rapini comes toward the middle to the end of the mouthful, as Penny put it, kinda like horseradish, but the olive oil and garlic make the presence known in the beginning. Savor the mouthful. We did since we got one of the last plates of it. Then we got the Avec salad. Butter and red oak lettuce cradles the creamy avocados and roasted tomato dressing, along with red onions and radishes. If you threw some chicken or seared tuna on there I'd be eating that every day. We got a little adventurous and went with the duck dish they had that day. It was a little rich, but certainly our glasses of wine helped to cut through. Slice of warm toasty baguette with a little olive oil, then spooning cool pulled duck, seasoned and filled with the rich duck fat. Certainly this is not an every day dish, but one to savor and experience once in a while. There is the bar and three long tables and that is it, its communal seating. You might be sitting next to a couple from out of town or just down the street. They may have come from the theatre or from the Bears game. If you want privacy, don't expect it here. You should just go, grab a good friend, enjoy the very friendly and on top of their game servers and staff, savor the food and enjoy a great glass of wine. Come early, this place doesn't take reservations, but is so worth any wait.Avec was a definite a "must try" while visiting Chicago. They don't take reservations so we made sure that we arrived. I walked in and loved the look of the place. Given that it was wood panel walls, wooden tables, wooden seats, and just wood everything. It was simple and clean and exactly what I liked. We were seated right away and everyone was really friendly and helpful with describing the menu. We ordered chorizo stuffed dates because we were told that it was very popular, local apple salad, and seared sturgeon. We started off with the apple salad. Now, when I saw apple salad I thought it was fresh greens with slices of apples. So I was slightly wrong. It was a salad of apples. Ok, I was just wrong. I liked the apple salad because I love apples. The salad consisted of green apples, manchego cheese, and apple cider. The apple was tart but sweetened with the cider and I love the nutty taste from the manchego. The dates came out and I didn't even know they were dates because they were huge and stuffed with spicy chorizo. Dates stuffed with chorizo, bacon, and tomato sauce. Really can't go wrong. It was really good. You had the sweetness from the date that paired with a kick of spiciness of the chorizo made it a very enjoyable dish. The seared sturgeon was cooked just right leaving the meat tender and juicy. We finished the meal with chocolate crepes with mascarpone and house made nutella. Very simple and very good. The nutella was a bit runny. I prefer it being thicker so that I can plop a spoon of it onto each bite of my crepe. The overall meal was delicious. Great food and lots of fresh ingredients with fabulous service. I would definitely go back if in town to try something new since the menu changes according to seasonal ingredients. I can totally see Avec being a real success in Los Angeles. Hint hint!Every visit is fantastic.  The menu also has a few dependable classics like the dates and chicken, and new surprises.  I bring every out-of-town guest here and they love it too.Dear Avec,I hope this isn't too awkward but, I enjoyed our one night together.  When I first saw you, I found you very cute and interesting because of your hallway shaped restaurant with a bar/table that extended almost the entire length and on the other side there were small tables. Behind the bar/table was the kitchen where all your wonder aromas originated from. You didn't crowd me because of your high ceilings. I saw that you kept yourself clean, simple and made of wood from the ceiling, walls and floor which really made you even more attractive. You started to flirt with me with your Tuna spread (accompanied with a half boiled egg) which was so creamy. It was perfectly seasoned and when I smeared on the toasted bread, I was almost in bliss. You then tickled me with the chicken liver dish!  I love chicken liver and I think you knew it because the way you cooked it with the endive (which was perfectly cooked with a hint of bitterness), the flaolet beans (firm and soft) and the vinaigrette was in complete harmony with each other. At this point, I had a feeling you were trying to seduce me with the marinate hanger steak with roasted shallots and brussel sprouts salsa verde. The hanger steak was so tender and the added flavors of the shallots and salsa only indicated that it was going to be a fun night. Well that and the second bottle of white wine (2009 P. Mas, "Claude Val")! Who knew that brussel sprouts (soft in texture) would go so well with a hanger steak? The marinated steak was salty but, the salsa helped even out the flavor. I guess you thought I still wasn't convinced that you were into me because you came out with the strip bass with harissa, tahini and romaine hearts.  The fish meat was so soft and tender that it flaked off as I tried to eat it. I can't remember all of the flavors but it was so appetizing. This dish was orgasmic!  I felt I needed a coffee after all of that sensual food action. So you brought out a Café avec which was a 1 oz espresso and 1 oz Leopold Gourmel Cognac. I've never had this combination in my life but I enjoyed it so. Our one night together was erotic and I'm not sure when I'll be back. I think about you often when I'm in other restaurants but, no one will ever take away our one night of pure pleasure.XOXOXOAnthonyRecommended by a friend living in Chicago for years. Ordered the famous "dates", the chicken thigh and the sea bass. None of them disappointed us. Will definitely come back if visiting Chicago again!girlfriend is a fatty. she wanted to eat all of the dates herself! but we were reasonable and split, having 2 each. yes, the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce is THAT GOOD. to be honest, if you get that, there's nothing else you need to get. EVERYTHING tastes bland in comparison. the little kick of spice makes the meal. the sweet dates makes the meal go over the moon. trust me, do not get anything besides that. if anything get a plate for yourself. DON'T SHARE the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. YOU WILL REGRET NOT HAVING MORE!Amazing food and service! One if the best restaurants in Chicago. I was very impressed.What a unique space!  Just from the look and feel alone, I can see why Yelpers, bloggers, journalists and local foodies always have Avec on the tip of their collective tongue.  My first (and thus far only) foray inside was to sample some wine at the bar.  The wine was great, and the service couldn't be better.  I plan on going back for food, and I plan on adding more stars.Every time I eat here I am never let down. The food is always amazing and there is always something new and exciting to try. I love the ambiance of the restaurant it is a small yet intimate setting, where you can easily chat with other diners.Eating here is like going to some sort of culinary heaven.  I had no idea what to expect and was blown away - the chorizo and bacon wrapped spicy dates, and the flat bread with goat cheese and a hint of lavender was unbelievable.  Luckily we had a large group and ordered a lot of dishes - every one was amazing.  I know, I'm gushing, almost too much, but the food really was that good.  I can't wait to go back to Chicago and eat here again.The enjoyment of an evening out is about multiple factors, from food to atmosphere to company to your own state of mind. As individuals, we all place value on each of these relative to the weight we give them. For me, a dining experience is usually about the food first, my company second, atmosphere third, and my state of mind - well, presumably I wouldn't go out unless I felt pretty good. Avec is an exception for me. Atmosphere first, food second, and well, company really doesn't matter because if you get lucky, you'll be sitting next to some of the most interesting people you could ever ask to meet in a Chicago restaurant. I'm a big fan of the communal dining, the 250ml servings of wine, the reasonably priced bottles, and the simple small plates they offer. I've eaten at Avec 10 times over the past two years, and while I do not think it has the best food in the city for a restaurant of its type, I  think it is tasty, honest, fun and well-prepared. I've only had one real loser there -- a single cheese on an otherwise flawless cheese plate (it was not the fault of the restaurant but their distributor).One thing to keep in mind -- the restaurant fills up fast on the weekend, and you will end up waiting, most likely with a glass of good Italian wine in your hand.Visited on a Wednesday night around 10 in the evening. There was no wait. We were immediately seated right next to a couple who were on their "official first date." How do I know this? Because you're literally rubbing shoulders with your neighbors..the restaurant has communal table seating. We did not know this until we got there and I thought to myself "how Benihana-esque." It was pretty awkward listening to the guy trying to flirt with his date. He was corny as hell. I mean it was really difficult for me to eat because I was cracking up in my head.  Literally, I was snickering to myself, hoping they didn't see me laughing at them. Not to mention, it was difficult to hold a conversation because of the close distance to other people who are holding their own conversations. I wasn't sure if I should have joined the couple's conversation or texted my boyfriend in order to communicate with him. I also wasn't sure if it would have been okay to try our neighbors' food haha.With that said, the place is quaint and simple. You could google image search  the place if you wanna see how it looks. It's a small place, almost everything is made up of wood except for the back wall stocked with glass bottles--well thought out touch! You could eat at the bar. The chairs reminded me of kahon drum boxes. The bench was made of wood as well. I think the point is for your ass to be uncomfortable so that you could eat and leave right away since it's a small place and that would shorten the wait lines. I have never dined in a place like this before. I appreciated the design.The food we ordered was excellent! We had the wood-fired flatbread with tuna, mozzarella, tomatoes, and watercress. This was like a pizza. At first I didn't know that it was tuna and thought they were anchovies. The concept seemed similar. However, it was beautiful and delicious! The colors, taste, light and fresh vegetables, and flatbread were spot on! We also had the sunchoke crostini with salmon roe, breakfast radish, and brown butter. This was the highlight of my dining experience. I love salmon roe to begin with, and the only way I've had it was in temaki or sushi. So this was a pleasant surprise for me. I was in heaven for a little bit. It was pretty grand. The presentation, the textures, the different elements, and the overall taste pushed me over the edge. Great plate!!!We also ordered the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. I didn't read the description when we ordered. I just saw the words "dates" and "bacon" and immediately nodded. I'm a big fan of bacon-wrapped dates and thought, "Okay you could never go wrong with them." But this placed killed it. And not "killed it" like "it was to die for." I mean killed it as in "ruined the dish" and "messed up my perception of bacon-wrapped dates forever." Honestly, does the recipe call for one whole shaker of salt? The chorizo/sausage/longaniza was ehhh. I felt that the meat and sauce were overpowering. It tasted like salty spaghetti sauce and meatballs. I couldn't take any more bites. I removed the chorizo and sauce off my plate and just ate the dates and bacon. I thought that bacon was supposed to give the "salty" taste on the dish but apparently this was not the case--the sauce and chorizo did. Oh and my boyfriend didn't even know there were dates stuffed in the meat. That's how overpowering it was! And last, we had the crispy whitefish with pistachio puree, marinated beets, and grapefruit. It was a-ok. It was a unique combination of different textures and tastes. I was a bit confused. The whitefish was cooked to the tee. I loved the soft meat of the fish and the crisp outer layer on the sides. YUM! The puree was excellent with the fish! I didn't understand the beets. It brought out a metallic taste and reminded me of canned cranberry. I only had a few bites of that. And the grapefruit was a nice touch to the combination. It had that bittersweet taste and brought out the flavor of the dish overall. Yay!Another thing...I wasn't that pleased with the service. A lady took our order. Another lady gave us our bill. One busboy changed our plates and silverware. Another busboy brought out our food. Another busboy refilled our waters. It's great to see they work as a team but who does our tip go to? I was hoping it went to our busboys because they were really serving us hand and foot, while the ladies didn't do that much work. It seemed like they were just standing around. There was even a time when I asked for something to the lady who was just standing there doing nothing, and she ordered a busboy to do it. =(Truth: If you want privacy when you converse, this is not the place. Also, please don't come here on a first date. It's so awkward for other people to listen to you try and impress your date!Had a really great dinner at Avec! The decor was so cool...I'm even okay with the horribly uncomfortable seating because it was so beautiful! Had an awesome server, and the wait wasn't too bad on a Monday night.Bests:-"deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, ricotta, truffle oil and fresh herbs-chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce-some sort of split-pea/mint bruschetta that was out of this world-Nutter buttersJust average:-wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with coucous, carrots, almonds, raisins and charmoula-werp farm greens with cucmbers, chioggia beets, candied orange zest and pistachio-yogurt vinaigrette-AffogatoI'll be back!I have to say that I used to be a huge Avec fan in the past. Undoubtably, Avec has some outstanding, very creative dishes from stictly a culinary standpoint. However, I have to say that after the last experience I had with them, I will definitely never go back. 1) Waiting approx 1+ hrs for a table is ridiculous. The food is good, but it isnt that good. There are no pre-reservations and you have to show up at the restaurant, and then make a reservation for 1+ hrs. Whoever owns this place is off their rocker full of themselves. The food at Avec is excellent, but it wont last in the long run provided the reasons below2) The waitstaff are prentetious and act like they are something they are not. Very rude and inattentive! I normally always tip 20%, but after the treatment I received last time I went to Avec, I actually made it a point to tip $0. I'm not sure what they are going for (NY or something), but rude and attitude do not work in Chicago, we are nice people3) The lighting in Avec is so bright (to try and increase its turnover and get people from staying long periods of time at the table) that I felt I was on Broadway or something. Nobody is perfect of course but I definitely dont want people to see all my imperfections under a makeup lamp (I'm a straight male too)4) Packed like cattle. Tables are packed in like sardines. I personally do not want anyone rubbing up against me while I'm eating or ease-dropping in on my conversation but at Avec, you're gonna be sure it's guaranteed to happen. So, watch what you say otherwise the table brushing up right next to you is going to make fun of everything you say5) Food is Avec's saving grace. Excellent and creative, but for the prices, there are many other places to choose from without the rest of the poor treatment and nonsense of being treated like a child in the cafeteria.6) Sum: Avec is more about making money than pleasing the customer. Very disappointing since the food is so good and the restaurant vision has so much great potential. Weighing the good food vs pricing, waitstaff, ambience does not justify a return to Avec.AMAZING food at less than Alinea prices. WOW. We were there at 6 pm when the meters became available for parking, and there was no wait! We ordered beef cheeks (daily special), dourate (daily special), focaccia, pork shoulders, pappardelle, stuffed dates, mackeral, Farro salad, and flatiron steak. The only that I wouldn't order again is perhaps the salad and the mackeral. But even those were B+++ quality. Everything else is A+++. Amazing comfort food.I came here by chance around midnight on a Saturday night and am dying to go back.  Such a neat place - definitely worthy of 5-plus stars.  Great service and their meats are incredible, as is their wine list.  Loved the space.This just might be my new favorite Chicago restaurant. It's been on my must-try list for way too long, and it fulfilled all my expectations and more. The wait was almost intolerable (but we were partially to blame, just showed up around 8 pm on a weekend evening. Honestly, we were kind of asking for it) but nothing a good bottle of red can't cure. The bartender was super knowledgeable about picking something based on my vague preferences, and the hour pretty much flew by. I really love the way this restaurant wraps you in wood - everything from the floor, walls, ceiling, to even the long benches and stools, is in warm wood tones, except for one wall crafted entirely of beautifully lit glass bottles. This makes communal dining and even the stark lighting a little friendlier. When we finally settled into our seats, we wanted food, and wanted it quick. After a once-over of the menu, we ordered a half dozen plates. They arrived pretty fast, in no particular order, and were all phenomenal. The cauliflower-garlic crostini had a great interplay of textures, the gnocchi with mustard greens was delish, the cod and chicken thigh were cooked perfectly, the taleggio and herb stuffed foccacia was addictive, and even the olives seemed better than usual. Amazing dining experience. With only a month and a half left in Chicago, and too many more places to visit, I'm not sure we'll make it back, but this one goes down in the best-of records.Damn, I hadn't been to avec in a long time and on Saturday I was reminded of how yummy this place really is!!! All I can say is wow. We ordered the chicken small plate and the pork shoulder. Both were full of flavor and very different from dining at other restaurants. AMAZING.I'm sorry but I'm not onboard the Avec train ----not yet at least. I would be willing to give it another try. I think the issue was that my dining partner picked out all the items for us that night and passed up suggestions I made that I thought I'd like. Nonetheless, I wasn't impressed as I know all before me have been.When we got there around 830 on a weeknight, we actually had no wait! We were off to a good start. I'm not a fan of this type of seating where you are two inches away from the couple next to you but it seems that's a theme at Paul Kahan's restaurants (cue Publican & Blackbird). Our waitress was super duper nice so points for that.I came from a Sake tasting so was already in a spirited mood, I ordered a beer once sitting down at Avec. They were out of the first beer I ordered so I then went with Cerveja Sagres.We started with the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce for $9. So many friends have told me how amazing the dates are and the friend I was with couldn't stop gushing about them before we arrived. I took one bite and my mouth was on fire. I'm admittedly very weak with spicy food but it was so strong on the dates that not only could I not taste any of the actual flavor to them but I couldn't taste any flavor at all in my next dish either. I was not into the dates at all and definitely will not get them again. We also got the Avec bread when we sat down and that was very fluffy & light, loved it. For our second plate, we got the marinated hanger steak with puy lentils, melted bone marrow, spinach, tomato, oranges and fried capers for $14. As I said, I really couldn't taste any flavor due to the dates but what I did taste was just mediocre. I was excited about this because who doesn't love bone marrow!? But alas, I was let down with it. For our third plate,  we got the wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with braised chestnuts and cabbage, parsnips and roasted apple for $21. This was the best dish of the night and I liked it but was not blown away. The pork was in a miso type of broth and by now I was able to taste flavor a bit again! For dessert we got the housemade chocolate crisps for $9. My favorite candy bar is a Crunch bar and this was like homemade giant sheets of Crunch bar! It was my personal favorite of the night plus it came in milk & dark chocolate! I would get this again in a second.All in all, I'll ride the Avec train again but hope my second experience brings my review more stars.This is my idea of a great place.  Completely understated, great aesthetics, small but interesting menu, cool selection of wines.  I wish I had found this before picking one sixtyblue.  (That's the peril of last-minute looking on the mobile instead of the computer.)For selfish reasons, I am tempted to give this restaurant several 1-star reviews.  Why?  Because I want to keep it for myself.  I don't want other people to enjoy the wonders of My favorite restaurant in Chicago.  Ya dig?  FAVORITE.  Amazing food, excellent value.  There I said it.  I'm begging you though, please don't eat here.  I don't like to wait for a table.This was the first restaurant that we tried in Chicago.  I had heard about it through Food Network and when I saw the Yelp ratings, I knew we had to go.  We almost walked right past the entrance, but luckily my SO saw it and figured out the way in.  It was very rustic looking, with everything in wood, which I loved.  The seating was long wooden benches, and you're sitting right beside your neighbour.  Luckily only one person needed to leave while we were sitting there, because I could see it getting a little frustrating if I had to get up multiple times through the meal.  It was an interesting concept, but perhaps not that practical.  I loved that all the food was prepared right in front of you in a long open kitchen, with a big wood stove.  Nothing to hide here!  The only slight negative about the atmosphere was that it was pretty loud.  Put a lot of people in a small space and I guess that's what happens!Our server suggested that for two people, we should order 3-4 dishes.  Since I always try to sample as many things as possible, we went with four.  We ordered the chorizo-stuffed dates (of course!), the hangar steak, the pork shoulder, and the focaccia bread.  Out first were the dates, which were my main reason for choosing this restaurant.  Being Canadian and a lover of Food Network, I've seen "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" many times and wished I could go to the restaurants they suggested.  And finally, there I was!  I'm not a big fan of dates usually, but these were fantastic.  Chorizo inside, bacon wrapped around them...what's not to love.  They were served in a lovely tomato-based sauce that was a perfect accompaniment.  I wished there were more than four!  Next came the focaccia.  A creamy cheese, fresh herbs, truffle oil...it was heavenly.  Unfortunately, it was also huge - about the size of a regular pizza.  We felt terrible that we couldn't finish it, but we knew we still had two dishes to come.  It started to dawn on us that perhaps the server had misguided us.  We probably would have been fine if we'd ordered three small dishes and one large, but we'd gone half and half, again based on her recommendation.  Really though, I can't complain when food tastes that good.The hangar steak was probably our favourite.  So flavourful and juicy, it was just absolutely delicious.  It came out pre-sliced which made it easy to share.  They cleared our dishes before the pork came out, and when it did we wondered why they hadn't left us our steak knives.  We only had our forks, and a spoon was in the dish of pork.  Very confused, I picked up the spoon - and the pork melted beneath it.  This was the most tender pork I'd ever eaten.  I didn't find that there was a lot of flavour, especially in the top parts that weren't in the juice, but it was still pretty good.  All in all, delicious food, and a nice but loud atmosphere.  I would probably try something new if I were to go back to Chicago, but that says more about the culinary options in the city than it does the restaurant.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone taking a trip there.I thought Avec was a really nice break from normal dining.  They don't take reservations (or at least, we didn't have one), so we checked in wtih the hostess and headed to Blackbird for a drink.  Because they're sibling restaurants, you can hang at the bar at Blackbird, and Avec will call over and say when your table is ready.  Really convenient!  When our table was ready, the three of us were seated at the end of a table of loud forty-somethings.  They seemed nice enough though.  We ordered everything to share and the food was good and solid, although not fantastic I didn't think.  The dates were good, as well as the cheese plate.   The other dishes weren't memorable.  The service was a bit spotty, but I was engrossed in conversation with my friends so it wasn't really a big deal.  All in all a great meal, and AT A GREAT PRICE for what we got.  I'll definitely be back.I'm a big fan of Publican so was excited to try Avec.  It was so cramped, service was mediocre and food was same.  I have heard and read great reviews - I may have been there on an off day but it was Saturday. Not in rush to go back anytime soon.  I had the chorizo dates and whole fish.  Dates were disappointing - too much chorizo - felt like enormous meatball.  Red snapper not tasty.Great, casual atmosphere, good food and nice wine selection.  Gets crowded fast on weekends.  Sat at the bar and had a few plates; I can still taste the chorizo-stuffed dates and can't wait to go back for more.My best friend and I have an irrational fear of restaurants that don't take reservations, which leads to random weekday trips or odd eating hours.  And for us, odd hours included a Saturday lunch at noon - weekend vampires. The promise of a four course prix fixe lunch each paired with a Three Floyds beer lured us out...and they took reservations. We started off with a Jinx Proof-paired bread course and shallot herb butter. There were also olives. Having been proven wrong about foods we "dislike" on multiple occasions, we gave them a chance. We weren't olive converts. The beer was crisp and golden, but the crust to soft inside ratio of the bread was a little off.  I am a dark beer fanatic, so Robert the Bruce was a welcome pairing with a chicories salad, salumi, grapes and ricotta.  The savory portion of the meal ended with braised chicken thigh and shaved brussels sprouts "kimchi" with Mushy P. I inhaled those lightly fermented tasting sprouts, which were just reminiscent enough of actual kimchi that even a Korean food lover doesn't have to be hesitant to try it. Dessert was a hazlenut cake with a dollop of creme fraiche and a coffee heavy Hell's Black Intelligenser. Dark beer galore. An excess of HBI meant we got some extra pours, perfect for a midday buzz.The meal was definitely up to par for Avec despite everything not being on the regular menu. I would've eaten another plate of the chicken and brussels sprouts after dessert even though I was full. I'll have to try to recreate it in my own kitchen. It won't be as good, so I'll wind up at Avec again to satiate a need for delicious food.Pure deliciousness!  Dates wrapped with bacon and stuffed with chorizo in a pepper-tomato sauce.  I don't even like dates, but these were little pieces of heaven in my mouth.  And you better believe there was not a drop of that sauce left after I asked for extra bread to sop it up.  My meal could've ended there (well, that's if I had several orders of them), but each dish was better than the last.  I've been a few times, and other standouts include the chicken thighs and the whole roasted red snapper (the fish varies, but I think they prepare it similarly).  I've tried three different wines there, and they were all superb.  The servers were extremely helpful in suggesting food and pairing it with the wine.I know there's been much discussion about the communal seating.  People, get out and be social.  Alot of us are stuck at computers all day and have no real interactions with actual people, so take advantage of this opportunity.  Both my visits to Avec were enhanced by my table-neighbors.  My first visit with my boy, we sat next to a group of four who seemed to be regulars, and they recognized us as newbies (while we were drooling over their food) and gave us some really good recommendations.  The couple on the other side of us were hysterical, and we had a great time both talking with them and observing them for entertainment (and I think they felt the same way about us, by the way).  My second visit, my wine expert brother helped our neighbors pick out a bottle of wine, and they were really grateful (unfortunately, it was the last bottle of the same wine we were drinking, so when we winos were trying to order another bottle, we had to switch to something else, which was actually great because I got to try a new wine).  Anyway, talk to your neighbors.  It's fun.Both my visits were on weeknights, and I didn't have to wait for a table either time.Miraculously, I did not check out the bathroom on either visit.  I think I was worried that if I stepped away from the table I might miss out on a scrumptious bite of food.  Maybe I was also thinking that if I didn't visit the bathroom, that would mean I'd have to come back.  I will definitely be back!  And you should go too.  But only if you're friendly, or at least entertaining.A sister restaurant with Blackbird, I was excited to try out its counterpart.  We had the chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce; housemade brioche and duck sausage with spiced sugar, roasted beats, and housemade butter; wood-oven braised pork shoulder with chestnut-bacon dumplings, buttercup squash, puff pastry, and fresh herbs; and, housemade tagliatelle with oxtail, cippolinis, kumquats, and criminis.  Each of the dishes were interesting, but I felt as most of the entrees started to taste like one another after a while.  I really wanted to like the Medjool dish, but it was a little bit too spicy for me.  While none of the dishes really stood out to me, I'm glad I tried this place out.  I liked how each of the dishes were smaller in portion, so you can order several in a tapas-style procedure.  The communal dining experience might irk some, but it wasn't all that bad.  I really liked their wooden pig emblem on the doors - they're so cute!This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city, and I go here at least 4-5 times a year. I was so excited to come back after the kitchen fire! I dined here on 12/15/10 and OMG SALTY SALTY!! The kind of salty where I looked like Lisa Rinna after I got done eating my meal. My lips were so chapped and puffy that I felt like I had gotten bonus lip injections. We ordered the apple and manchego salad which was pretty refreshing, then we had the skirt steak, which was progressively saltier, but it was not until we tasted the flat bread with clams that I started feeling like this meal was made for Mr. Ed. Not sure if this was an off night, but this morning I could not even get my wedding ring on. The chefs really need to lay off the salt, I know it's in season with the snow and all, but I want to taste my food rather than lick a salt block.I'll still come back in hopes of this being an off night.just went on a sunday night around 645 pm and it was easy to get a table for 2.food was excellent, chorizo dates, olives, leek brushetta, etc. the pork shoulder was our least favorite.there were specials but the server never mentioned those to us before we placed our orderfood came out quickly, i wish it was a bit more slow pacedThe food here is great. It is a place to come on a nice date night. The inside is really nice and the food tastes great. I'm glad that I came in here a number of years ago to take my now wife.The dates wrapped in bacon are delicious.love it.came here after work with a friend on a wednesday evening; we made it just before the huge crowds arrived and we managed to find a space right at the front on the end.  while we waited for our first plates, the very hot guy at the front came up and made a point of greeting us and saying hello.  who was he?  i have no idea but he was hot and he made us feel good.i can't remember what we had, but there was rabbit and it was also good.  i believe my friend and i called it a perfect helping of 'comfort.'we shared about 4 plates, ordered a whole bottle of delicious wine (our server recommended it and it was perfect for the meal) and made small talk with the nice family next to us.  (what's wrong with sitting cheek by jowl with strangers?  it's social!)and that's what i like about Avec:  it treats food like a great social event, not some snobby secret you get to experience alone.  if you like your dining experiences to resemble touring a sacrosanct temple, then this may not be the place for you.  if you like to eat, drink, laugh with strangers and feel like you're on a little adventure, then come here.We went in on a Sunday night at 9:30, a group of four girls, and had a 30 minute wait which was just fine as we enjoyed a few cocktails over at Meiji sushi next door. We finally sit down in Avec and it is packed, tho about 30 minutes into our meal the place had emptied out a bit (keep that in mind: sunday night 10:30 no wait).  They had a very small open kitchen with attractive line cooks and lots of great smells wafting thru the chic and streamlined dining room. The communal seating is great because you can see the food of other diners and ask question about what they love so far. We started out the meal by asking out server Josh to just send out a few plates to get us started while we looked over the menu.  Soon after, an olive plate and a truffle-taleggio hot foccacia arrived and our full trust was in Josh.  When you go here, be adventurous! Pork Shoulder with tripe and mussles? DELICIOUS.  Fried Sweetbreads? EXCELLENTE! Flatbread with Bonito and Apples? ONE MORE PLEASE.Avec was really affordable for the portions and flavors- You could literally order one of everything on the menu for under $300, and between 4-5 people that would be no problem. The four of us had about 10-12 dishes ourselves. The wine list is Old-world centric, which was slightly disheartening because I could really imagine some of the spicy flavours pairing well with a Columbia Valley dry Riesling or matching some rustic game with a Walla Walla Merlot, but at the same time it pushed me out of my comfort zone and i went with a modest $40 bottle of Chateau de Caladroy, a fruit bomb of syrah, grenache, carignan, and mourvedre from Cotes du Rousillon. The wine list is VERY AFFORDABLE as well- the priciest at about $120 but most within the $35-55 range.  It really si designed to go with the food, so I understand why it is only italy/portugal/france/spain. When we were finished with the bottle  and on to our dessert cheese plate, a few complimentary glasses of a different wine of the same varietals came to the table along with a plate of chocolate. He said, 'i figured you'd need something to drink since you finished the bottle'. Now that is what separates good service from great hospitality.  (As a restaurant server myself, I was impressed). All in all, a wonderful meal and a great memory. Next time I come, I will take advantage of the late hours so I won't have to wait!Atmosphere: A+Service: A+Food: A+Value: A+Wine List: B+Hours: A+What can I say? It's the best simple food in the city...and when you consider the instant and on-going success this place has had, it makes you wonder why no other celebrity chefs have attempted to copy this business model. The understated yet absolutely delicious shared small plates in this one-of-a-kind atmosphere for such an affordable price make it my favorite place to eat in the city. Just be smart and don't show up at 8pm on a Friday with a party of 6 and expect to be seated in any short amount of time. Go Early!!Great food! The dates are amazing! Also get the focaccia!!! Oh man, can't wait to come back!!!Food 4/5 - interesting servings, tasty, original. Service 4/5 - Stuff is knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. But we need to wait a seat for 10 min. Very Noisy Loud place! Price 2/5 - piece of fish 5X5cm = $13. No good.Will NOT be back! But you can try it once!The decor of Avec can be described as Scandinavian modern; the food, however, is harder to categorize. The use of fresh ingredients on some of the small plates reminded me of restaurants in the west coast. The Foccacia had really nice texture and the wine, well after the second bottle, I really don't remember much about the wine. Oh yeah, the Jeff Buckley CD that was playing in the background was a nice touch. Really, not a bad place for some good eats on a lazy Saturday afternoon.Date+ chorizo is great. Very small spacei have no complaints about this restaurant. i have been wanting to come here for a while and finally had the chance last night. i was lucky to go with a seasoned veteran of the place and a slight foodie, so he led me through all of the dishes and several servers helped us with our wine selections to match our food. it was amazing. the wine and the food was all perfect and delicious. i also LOVED the atmosphere. a lot more casual than i expected and very comfortable. not a snobby attitude in the joint. and the music selection was great. the prices of the food is also very reasonable. i will back.. many, many times. oh and may i mention that the person i saw when i entered the restaurant was Charlie Trotter himself; you have to assume your experience will be excellent if he is there eating on a thursday night. :)Hands down my favorite restaurant in a reasonable price range in Chicago.  Don't miss the dates, perhaps my favorite dish in Chicago.A-maz-ing.  The food here is ridiculous and super comforting at the same time.  There is nothing formal about this place.  We had about 10 small plates, but the most memorable were for sure the chorizo-stuffed dates, the truffle oil foccacia, and the brandade.  They also serve so much good meat and cheese that you have to be careful not to fill up.  They cure some of the meats in-house.  We also drank a lot of great wine...great list.  Don't miss the housemade chocolate too.  I'm super excited to go back.  Be prepared to wait...a very, very long time.sunday dinner, 7pm, 2 girlsthe limited space and wooden benches reminded me a tad of momfuku ssam.  it is absolutely beautiful in there.      food - we ordered the salmon, pork cheeks, chorizo, and flat bread.  salmon - cooked perfectly and the taste of the olive oil in the rice was to die forpork cheeks - so flavorful and the meat was super tender. we loved the the contrasts between the salmon and pork cheeks dishes.  they both were cooked perfectly and as boring as their description may sound, the flavors were so unique and DEELISH.  chorizo and the flatbread - we didnt care too much for them.  the flat bread was too salty for my taste and the chorizo was a little overwhelming.servcice - we sat at the bar so we had 2 staff members taking care of us, it was great.would i go back - yes, yes, YES.  would love to try all the other dishes.Avec adds a little bit of European flavor to Chicago with an eclectic, artsy crowd and a wine list only featuring European wines. The menu leans more towards small plates, but offers large portions as well. The light wood interior gives Avec a modern feeling, thought the lighting could be turned down a bit. Overall, this is a place you'd want to hit up with friends weekly for a bottle of wine and some conversation. The real standout at Avec is the bacon wrapped dates. You can't go there without trying them.my all time favorite. hard to get a table so i would call before going there to see how long the wait is. i have gotten lucky a few times off peak hour with small groups and getting seated right away.as for the food, of course the dates are the best. I love their focaccia as well. those are always on the menu and i get them all the time (i use to have to go monthly to satisfy the craving). the chicken and the 70$ steak were both amazing as well.  their menu also changes periodically.Maybe there are many restaurants in Chicago with the similar style. I don't feel much special about this place. The food was good but did not "wow' me for sure. A typical tapas style (French food). For two people, 4 orders and 1 dessert are enough. No waiting if you go on the weekdays after the dinner rush. Quite small inside. I do like the interior design inside the restaurant with an open kitchen. The Squid and Hake dishes you are my favorite here.Still good food and makes me want to be a friendlier person. I want to really love this place but I can't. I really like it and that's as far as it gets.Don't know what is going on with Avec but what a disappointment!  My husband and I had been here before and loved it.  Last night was not good.First the positives.  The wine list still excellent!  Love the fact that you can order small carafes - equal to about a third of the bottle.  We sampled three wines last night and loved all three.  The first dish that we ordered was the brandade which was excellent!The dinner went horribly wrong after that.  Even though we had ordered the brandade and the squid at the same time, we waited at least a half hour for the squid.  When is arrived it was so over spicy (and don't get me wrong, I love spicy) that it totally burned out our taste buds for anything else.  Now since the squid was taking so long we ordered the salmon while we were waiting as the next dish.  It came at the same time as the squid. Go figure.  The problem was that they forgot to cook it.  It was completely raw on the inside.  Raw is okay if it is sushi, but not in this dish.  It was gross.  Luckily the waitress noticed that we had cut into the salmon and just left it.  We didn't have to send it back, she noticed the orange, raw flesh and suggested she take it back to have it cooked a little more.  When it came back, it was very good.Loved our waitress!Also, as someone who likes to stay away from pork products I would not recommend this place.  The majority of menu items have some sort of pork product included.  And vegetarians need not apply!Randomly wandered into this place and made friends with all the staff.  Also made friends with the AMAZING chorizo stuffed dates.  You may think "Chorizo stuffed dates in tomato sauce.. WHY?" but these things are unforgettable and had the perfect kick.  I can't wait to go back for wine and apps. :)I've been here twice, and have had one great experience and one good experience. The first time was wine only, and our server's recommendations were uniformly excellent, which is a rarity. Unfortunately, we only had to get recommendations because they were out of the first four selections we made. Second time it only took two misses before we ordered something that was in stock, but the food made up for it. One of the folks in our party was a vegan (poor lass) but the kitchen whipped her up something awesome. Just be sure to order VERY AGGRESSIVELY, cause when they say small plates they ain't lyin'.It's been a while since I've been to Avec, and when I think back about it, I see it through the eyes of Jean-Pierre Jeunet as if it were a beautiful French movie. Avec means "with" in French and the name certainly fits. My friend and I came without a reservation, our luck got us in quickly, and we headed through the long narrow restaurant to our seats. The layout is interesting because it features a long table with a bench along the wall and seats on the aisle side. The people dining next to us had to get out of their seats to let us in. You would think they would be disturbed, but that's just part of the charm of the experience. As we were devouring the menu, our neighbors made recommendations and once our food came, we ended up sharing delicious morsels "with" our neighbors. Love love.Went there on a hot day and the wood oven did nothing for my already "glistening" skin. However, the food was good and so was the wine, so I let the hot thing go. Service is fine, interior is wood-sy and not like Michigan pine woodsy, but like all wood all the time wood-sy. Again, the tapas plates are good and the service is fine, but if you go on a hot day be prepared to sweat.Outside of sitting on top of each other in this cramped establishment, The food at Avec rivals any other I have had in the city. Kin to Blackbird, both spots have earned their place atop Chicago finest.Medjool dates were everything they've been cracked up to be.  That was the best part of my meal at Avec.  Everything else was pretty good by and large.  Another trendy near west side restabar.  More excellent Frenchish food.  Service was fine and only a 5 minute wait on a Sunday at 5 p.m. - early bird special and I'm in my twenties.  Be ready to literally rub elbows with other patrons and possibly talk to yups or tourists.  One thing was somewhat disappointing though: the foccacia was not to my liking.  I'm not a fan of your typical foccacia bread but this place had such rave reviews how could I resist?  This was not your typical foccacia but I was still unimpressed.  Other good eats were the hanger steak, grilled octopus pasta thing, the whipped brandade and the choco hazelnut coffee gelato dessert (but I didn't taste any coffee...).  All in all this place reminds me of Girl & the Goat in an unsettling way.  The communal seating, the similar clientele, the love of leaks and fennel, the service style.  Perhaps this was because I ate at Girl & The Goat outside on a bench similar to the benches here and haven't been inside Girl & The Goat so maybe I'm way out of my element but I can't help but compare the two.  I'd say they're both pretty good but this place wins by the curly short hair for definitely being cheaper.I wish I bought Pepto-Bismol when it was on sale at Target, because I needed it after eating at avec.avec is a popular restaurant - we arrived at 10pm and the place was still packed to the rafters. But luckily the crowds thinned soon after our arrival and we were seated within 20 minutes.Hopefully you're not claustrophobic, as you'll be within inches of the people beside you, as all the seating is communal-style.Since found this place on Yelp, we ordered the dishes that fellow users recommended - the bacon-wrapped medjool dates, the pork shoulder, the hanger steak and the squid.The bacon-wrapped dates were the best of them all, we would order them again. The pork shoulder, however, unevenly cooked and very dry in places. We didn't finish ours, nor did the people beside us.The steak was done very well (i.e. a nice red spot in the middle), but the squid was extremely salty (someone drop a salt shaker into the pot?)All told, the meal cost us $94, including a 250mL decanter of red wine. For Chicago, this was a grotesquely expensive meal - but it would have been worth it if the quality of the food lived up to the reviews.I lay awake that night with wrenching stomach pains. Something they served came back to haunt me. I dreamed of Pepto-Bismol, buckets full of it. If only I had the foresight to pick up those handy travel-sized chewable tablets. Boy, was I ever in pain one of the few times I wondered whether it was wise to go to the emergency room.I will never go back to avec. Why pay $94 for over-hyped food and an excruciating stomach ache? Next!1)  Yet another rave for the bacon wrapped dates.  2)  All the negatives in the reviews I've read before rang true: seating is a bit cramped and communal, was crowded when we visited, pricey, wish there was a bit more food. BUT...3)  For us it was easily outweighed by the food and the friendliness and non-pretentiousness of the staff.One of my favorite places in the city..  You will probably wait, but it is always worth the wait.  The unique setting (communal seating) add to the experience.  Try the chorizo stuffed dates!!  Also, the wine list is very reasonable and everyone is very knowledgable in the list which helps in picking from the many choices.I tried a lot of other dishes and they were all good but all my mind can focus on is the chorizo stuffed dates.  Last time I went, we got 2 orders of them between maybe 6 of us and it was sadly not enough.  Next time, I will make sure to not repeat the same mistake and order one all for ME (I do not share chorizo stuffed dates very well).Upon a revisit, the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates are alone worth coming here.  That is all.I LOVE blackbird. Alright, so I've only been once. I don't live in Chicago so I like to try different places each time I go. Since I loved Blackbird, and since I wasn't sure when my flight would get in to confidently make reservations, I thought Avec would be a good choice.We got there 9 or so on a Sat with an hour wait. Fine w/ us; we had a table to stand around, drinks to drink, and great company to catch up with.we get inside and are given interior seats on a table. Alright, I can go with it though I admit I hate disturbing people I don't know to get up and use the restroom (hate it on planes, too. But I digress).We start off with the chorizo dates, truffled focaccia, and mix salumi plate. SCORE! all three of these are fantastic. The dates serve as a sweet balance to chorizo and bacon (seriously. chorizo and bacon? and there's a chance it wouldn't be good?) The focaccia lacks all the icky things about focaccia (too oily, too much rosemary) and instead is perfectly crispy like a heavenly grilled cheese sandwich with the essence of truffle. LOVE it. The salumi platter was also quite nice.If we'd stopped there I would have thought Avec was really good. But we didn't.After a passable bacala and an inedible steak (really. inedible) we were underwhelmed.We were with friends who eat here regularly and found this a disappointing night. Knowing that, I'd give it another shot if I lived in Chicago. As a visitor? Too many other places to try.The best wine bar in the city, with great food.  Although some don't like the seating as you wil likely be seated next to someone at the same table, Avec is worth the close quarters.  Come for a light meal, or better yet, order from the cheese menu and settle in for one...or four...glasses of wine.  Add great conversation and it's the perfect night.Simply amazing. A great experience of very original Mediterranean inspired dishes. A deserving 5 stars for their 1000th review.Love this place!  Sure it's crazy crowded and you wait forever on certain nights, but damn is the food worth it.Next time I go, I'm ordering my own plate of the bacon wrapped dates with chorizo.  Nuff said.I have been to Avec twice, so perhaps I shouldn't give it 5 stars just yet.  But I can't help it!  The food is very well prepared.  Inventive, but simple.  I've had most of the starters on the menu and all of them are fantastic, with the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo and the octopus as stand-outs.  I have yet to have the whole fish, but I've been told that this is a real must...It gives me an excuse to go back!  Perhaps my only quibble with the place is the decibel level.  It can be rather loud in there.  For me,  I would prefer a quieter eating environment, but I know that this isn't the ambience that they're going for.  Excellent restaurant!I have been to Avec a few times since my first visit.  The chorizo-stuffed date is still phenomenal, but less spicy than before.  I highly recommend the crispy pork belly crostini.  Complex yet harmonious.   No easy task, and it definitely show the chef's great skills.Great food, great wine list, great music, great service - serves late and I can always, always count on it to be on point. If you havent been...GO!Atmosphere is quaint and cozy. The beer list was a nice selection. I would suggest something that sounds like atomium but I can't remember the actual name. Food was very good. Definitely get the dates.Fantabulous!  Dates, as everyone has said, were spectacular.  We also had the brandade, pheasant sausage, and the duck rillette, all of which were super tasty.  Not knowing what to expect with the rillette, we were really pleased, but I quickly realized this place was far from diet-friendly. :)  The brandade was sooo tasty, but a bit much for just two of us, but would be great for 3+ ppl.  Just a little rich.  The sausage with lentils made brussels sprouts a new favorite rather than an old hated, and was a really well-rounded finisher, with a little fennel and a lot of flavor.  No room for cheese or dessert as planned, as tapas were way filling.  The folks next to us also had the prosciutto and the escargot, which they said were also top-notch.  Good, broad wine list and great service (including a complimentary coat check - nice when it's 25 outside) complete this place as a 5-star for us.  It only seats about 50-60 ppl, so it seems like it's hit or miss how long you'll wait (we were only waiting for 5-10 mins), but they immediately give you a wine list so you can at least get some vino while waiting.  Super-pleasant atmosphere.  We sat at a table, but it looked like the bar was a fun place to sit as well.  Check was $120 for two of us, incl a bottle of wine and a glass of bubbly.  Pretty reasonable for the happiness factor. :)I went to Avec last night for Valentine's day and it was amazing. We waited for 1.5 half to be seated but it was totally worth it. The waitress told us that each person should either get two small plates or one large plate. My bf and I were very hungry so we went for more although we should have listened to her-- the small plates are really well portioned! My favorite plates were: avec salad, chorizo-stuffed madjool dates and"deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese. My bf had the harissa-marinated rouget and loved it. Everything about this place was incredible..the food..the service..the ambiance. I will return for sure!went there on a friday night around 7 and the wait was around 1.5 hour wait. after reading all the reviews here, i expected it. so, i gave the hostess my cell number and walked over next door to meiji to have some drinks. anyway, it was small and crowded but i anticipated that as well. we had the...chorizo-stuffed madjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce 9. my party loved it. a lot of different strong flavors but worked well together "deluxe" focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs 14.5 the least liked dish. it was ok but bland compared with everything else. also, truffle oil is an acquired taste. marinated hanger steak with escarole, radicchio, pinenut and orange gremolata and golden raisin sauce   13.  really good. tender and with a hint of game. matched well with the bitter flavors of the lettuces.wood-oven braised pork shoulder "bollito misto" with garlic sausage, beef tongue, ginger and horseradish mostarda  21. everyone was pretty full by the time it came out but it was still very good. succulent and rich. the bill ended up costing half of what we spent on cocktails at meiji. dinner was a bargain.This is my first review on Yelp, and I signed up for the sole purpose of complaining about this restaurant. First off, the food was decent, but for the price? Not worth it. It's also crammed, as another member said, like a school cafeteria. I could hear everybody around me... but not the people I was with.Here are my complaints.1) We asked to be seated at the next table where there was more space, but the hostess said they were seating a larger party. Lo and behold, they seated 3, the same amount as our party. Strike one.2) Unfortunately for us, we (who are Asian), were also seated next to another Asian party. The waiter confused the two groups because obviously all Asians look alike. So, while we waited for our order, the party next to us got theirs first even though they ordered after us. In addition, in the end when we got our checks, the waiter told us they he had informed us of a price change for the sardines. Wrong. He told the other Asians. STRIKE TWO FOR RACISM.3) It took half an hour for one of our orders. Does it really take 30 minutes to cook four little raw pieces of steak? Doubt it. Strike three.And you're out, Avec.As other reviewers alluded to, Avec does not take reservations and the seating is communal. Dishes are inventive (faves include chorizo dates, the olives, and flatbread) and ordering several smaller things for sampling/sharing is definitely the way to go. Strange that what I remember is mainly the wine (which was good, don't get me wrong) and the chef stopping by our table when I was feeling sufficiently buzzed.If only I had a second detachable stomach so that I could have stuffed more delish small plates (and large!) into my tummy. What an amazing place! Absolutely one of a kind. Not that I expected anything less from those that brought us Blackbird. Avec offers tapas style small plates with french influence. My boyfriend and I met up with some people here. While they won't seat you until your whole party arrives, no worries, you may sit at the bar and wait with a wonderful wine selection to choose from! Having made the mistake of eating a deliciously huge steak burger lunch at Seven on State earlier that day (or eating at all), the bf and I decided that we would only order a couple of small plates and take it easy.Yeah, not possible. We ordered two small plates and one large, while the other two couples in our party ordered three more small plates and a large one, per couple. We decided we would just pass everything around and enjoy - well - except for the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates, which we ordered one per couple (and definitely were not sad about). I do not have one bad thing to say about anything. We had a hard time even picking favorite. Unfortunately I have waited too long to post and can't give a list of recommendations, so I will give a very general (but hopefully still helpful) recommendation: come very very hungry, with a large group of people, order absolutely everything that catches your eye, be sure to share, and enjoy!Having read numerous reviews about Avec in national magazines over the last 2 years, I can say without a doubt that the hype was right on target. Great meal, great wine list, great service, and just a great vibe... sit at the bar if you want to be in on the action.Officially 4.5 stars.  Interior reminded me of a big, narrow sauna.  Crowd was rather loud and lively, but I was totally fine with that.  Since we were in a hurry to catch a show, the staff did their best to accommodate us comfortably.  The bacon wrapped dates with chorizo was solid,  but the real standout was the roasted octopus.  It was crunchy, sweet, and tender all at the same time, kind of like a toasted marshmellow!  They tossed it with cauliflower and chickpeas and lots of cumin and it was wonderful.  The roasted quail was also totally succulent and highly recommended.  Finally, I really appreciated the wine list; I found an older negroamaro blend from southern italy by the glass that drank really beautifully with the meal.Pork shoulder dreams a day after I had it!  However the person I never met who was I was fighting for elbow room with was a little annoying.  Over priced beers but when in Chicago...  If you can get a seat the food is good but be prepared to sit with strangers.not sure what i can put in here that hasn't been said already. went on a rainy thursday night around 6:30ish and were told the wait was 30 min.  went to meiji to get some drinks while we waited and they called us as soon as our drinks came out.  no complaints from us!neither of us had been before so we had to get the famous dates.  they were delicious and spicy.  i like spicy, so i loved them, but for husband it was a little overwhelming.  they are pretty large as well, so it was  struggle for him to finish 2 knowing we had 3 other dishes coming out. had the mackerel small plate which was delicious. perfectly cooked with really crisp skin, my favorite part.  the accompanying garbanzo beans were a nice compliment. the only dish we really didn't love were the chicken thighs.  there was a creamy sauce on top of some greens that just didn't do it for me.  this dish overall was not impressing me and don't know if i would recommend it to others.  maybe it was because we ate the dates right before this. winner of the night was probably the stewed pork shoulder.  i love me some pork and this one also had mussels and tripe in it as well.  what's not to love? took home the leftovers and just finished those, still tasted great (if not better) than that night. anything stewed always seems to taste better a few days later, after the flavors have more time to mingle. overall a solid 4. will definitely be back, would like to come in the spring/summer to see how the lighter dishes are and the early season veggies. actually didn't have any wine with dinner, but will put them to the test on our next visit :)just went there for a late lunch (a good time as it gets crazy busy and loud around dinner time) with a colleague.  the ones i liked especially were the avec salad, duck rillette, pork shoulder.  have a nice wine selection.  great service.   the food paired with some nice wines is a great experience.  the food came out as ready and was very condusive to good conversation and enjoyable time.  never felt rushed when it got busy.  can't wait to go again.Going to be bold and say this is probably in my top 3 of favorite chicago restaurants. Those stuffed dates are sexalicous - like crack cocoaine or something - Im going to give my wife a box of them for valentines day - can I get some carry out!  Only drawback is that there are no reservations and half of the seats are backless - If I'm going to become fat eating here at least give me a seat to kick back in after Ive reached maximal gastric distention.While in Chicago for a conference, I had one night where I was solo for dinner. I chose Avec since I'd read that their counter and common-table seating would be suitable for a single diner. Sure enough, I walked right past a line of guests waiting on the sidewalk for seats and was seated in the single empty chair at the counter. Even before seeing a menu, I was excited about the meal thanks to the vibe of the restaurant, smells coming from the open (tiny) kitchen, and smiles on diners' faces.I was pleased to see Campari at the small bar, and started out with a serving on the rocks. I ordered the leek bruschetta, which came out quickly and was fantastic. I ordered a glass of wine from their decent wine list, but was told that they were out of that bottle. I took a substitution which was great. I saw the smoked edwards surryano ham on the menu, and asked my waiter for a 1oz portion of the ham by itself rather than the ham dish on the menu. He said that'd be fine, but after consulting with the kitchen came back and told me they'd rather serve it as the dish on the menu. I love a great ham, but was pretty disappointed with how Avec killed it. The great ham was served with crisp tart apples, avocado, LOTS of pepper, olive oil, and vinegar. I couldn't taste any of the smoky ham flavor through the curtain of accompaniments. Unfortunate. Avec has a great menu with lots of interesting, original combinations. With such talent and creativity, I'd expect the chefs to highlight great ingredients rather than hide them.For an entree I had the roasted pork shoulder, which took a while but was worth the wait. It was served in an individual cast iron hot out of the oven. The pork was obviously fork-tender, and the sauce and veggies melded together exquisitely. I took half of it home and enjoyed it for breakfast the next day.A kind of Mediterranean hodgepodge with an emphasis on charcuterie--the flavors you'll find here take new twists on any Mediterranean food you may have previously experienced. Yes--reservations are not accepted, the place is small, and the food is served at large communal tables--but the latter two points were completely intentional. This place is not for the diner who wants a quiet night and relative privacy, but rather for someone in a more gregarious mood. The wine list focuses on harder to find vintages from the Mediterranean, and after you've imbibed a few delicious selections, it might be a whole lot easier to chat up the diners next to you.Saturday night....5:30 - the restaurant is packed.  Paul behind the bar talks us into getting a bottle of beer from Barcelona: "Damm" - it was very good.  We had the obligatory and so good madjool dates, pork shoulder that was so tender and well seasoned, the boar chop, and the octopus with meyer lemon reduction.  Excellent food and approachable libations!Oh wow.  Best meal I've ever had.A lot better than AOC in LA.Everything was fantastic.  But the dates and the trout is a must for first timers.We ordered the:Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato saucePan-fried lake trout with pain perdu, lemon aioli, cornichons and watercressMarinated hanger steak with spigarello, guanciale, celery, tomato and strawberry salsaCoffee braised pork ribs with radish, napa cabbage, kohlrabi and horseradish vinaigretteShaved Brussels sprouts with fennel, dill, Parmesan, red onion and brown butter vinaigrettefor dessert we had the a sorbet (it tasted like pina colada)Avec = Yum!  This small restaurant sure does make good food.  The menu changes often, but  there are regular dishes like the dates that stick around.  The whole fish is delicious.  The chef is putting more adventurous things on the menu that are fun to try.  We don't like to wait or loud crowds, so we make sure to go early.  We also prefer the bar seats to the communal tables.  It's easier to hold a conversation there.  Last summer they for dessert they had a polenta cake with cherries that I still dream about...I think the food here is some of the best I've had! The dates are the best I've ever had and we had a cod dish last night that was also awesome! Unfortunately, you really have to go with the right people. This place can be really annoying if you're just with someone else and are stuck on the end of another group's table. I think the service could definitely use some work too. We waited to order dessert for so long that I almost (don't worry, almost) was too full for dessert!This place rocks the house. The wifey and I dined there last night and had a fabulous meal. We started (shared) with a citrus salad and majool stuffed dates. My wife ordered the roasted pork shoulder and I had the duck sausage. The pork shoulder was roasted prunes and apricots. Man was it flavorful. I really wanted to lick the pot. The duck sausage was great and so were the stuffed dates. I can't wait to go back. This place reminds me of some of the place we dined in while visiting Paris and Barcelona.Avec was a very good culinary experience.  It's the kind of place where you go to really savor the food.  I went with a group of 3 ladies, we knew we would have to wait at 8pm on a Friday night so we wanted to keep our party small.  When we got there the wait was an hour and it was slightly misting outside but we each got a glass (which is really a mini carafe) of wine and nestled under the large outdoor umbrella with heating lamps and the time flew by.  We got seated after about 35-40 minutes, it felt like 20.  The restaurant is very small and narrow so keep in mind that while you inevitably wait for a spot at the communal tables or bar, you will be outside.  We were seated all the way in the back of the restaurant around the back end of the last table. This was fine for us because we weren't stuck in the middle of a communal table and it was less noisy where we were.  The menu is divided into small and large plates, all for sharing.  We ordered the salumi plate, 4 types of salumi served with piping hot bread, a small tart salad of cornichons and a sweet/hot mustard spread.  We also ordered the famed bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates.  I am NOT a fan of dates or sweetness in my food but this dish was really surprisingly delicious.  There are 4 and they are the size or large meatballs, very good.  We also got the sweetbreads (we were being daring) and they were so delicious.  They reminded me or a smoky sausage that you would put into Thanksgiving stuffing.  They came with 2 triangles of garlic bread. Our last 2 dishes were carb city, the taleggio focaccia, which I liked but expected to be different.  It was pretty much two large pieces of focaccia with a layer of melty taleggio cheese in between, like a swanky grilled cheese. It was very large.  At this point we were getting very full but still threw down the tagliatelle dish.Overall very pleasing on a culinary level.  I could see how the seating and no reservation policy could be an annoyance or deterrant for some but we had no problems.Went to Avec 45 minutes after they opened, so it wasn't very noisy or crowded.  If I went again, I'd probably try to go at the same time since seating is on communal benches that make going to the restroom or exiting the restaurant a difficult task for everyone involved.  The food was insane!  I had the chorizo stuffed dates, which as other Yelp users will attest to, are the perfect combination of sweet, savory, and spicy.  The pork shoulder was so tender.  I couldn't finish most of it, so I took it home, and it was just as delicious as leftovers.UNBELIEVABLE.First, and most important: believe everything you've read about those chorizo stuffed dates. Well, except for the name, because in reality they are chorizo meatballs wrapped in dates and bacon. When you see an item with that name on a menu for $9, the picture in your head is not what you're going to get. Here I am imagining these little dates with a nibble of chorizo inside... instead, this is main course kind of food. I went so far as to save one last bite so it could be the last thing I ate before leaving. I will remember that dish forever.Luckily for us, Avec offers so much more. And from our tiny sampling of the menu, everything delivers in a surprising way.My girlfriend and I went on a Monday night, just before 6, and our timing couldn't have been better. I had assumed it would be crowded and we'd be sitting at the bar (if at all), but we were promptly seated and began enjoying a couple of beers almost immediately as we looked over the menu.The dishes at Avec are designed and portioned to be shared with others, which was perfect for us because we always wind up splitting entrees. We decided to go "light," which meant we only chose 4 plates and an appetizer of house marinated olives, while skipping dessert.The starter plate of olives and bread was a perfect beginning, with a variety of olives each having a unique flavor (the smallest ones had a chocolaty note, while another kind definitely had a gorgonzola/blue cheese element). Our next plate was the roasted sunchoke crostini. It was so unexpectedly flavorful that it rivals the aforementioned chorizo-stuffed dates for favorite part of the meal. Perhaps it was the truffle vinaigrette that added the perfect amount of saltiness to the fluffy, bitter greens, but whatever it was, this was the moment we really knew we were in for a special meal.Our third dish... did I mention the chorizo-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon? I can't stress enough how amazing this dish was. I told my girlfriend that I wished I lived in Chicago and worked nearby, just so I could make a weekly visit for this dish. The pequillo pepper tomato sauce was really what sent this into the stratosphere, with just enough acidity to tame the sweetness of the dates and the spice of the sausage. Since we were unaware of what we were getting into with the chorizo-stuffed dates, we followed this meatball feast with a second meatball feast -- the turkey and guanciale meatballs with orzo. These were fantastic, but I'm sad to say that I could barely pay attention to them because I was still savoring the previous plate. Still, how can you go wrong with meatballs made from delicate bacon made from the jowls of a pig? The orzo was perfectly cooked as well. If you fear the spice of chorizo, perhaps this would be a good alternate choice?Finally, we capped our meal off with the roasted swordfish. It was delicious (I had never had swordfish). I was especially thrilled at how well the smoked ham hock complimented the fish, and absolutely stunned at the flavors in the braised chana dal. There was this wonderful lemon/citrus flavor that burst out after a few moments, turning the whole concoction into this wonderful mix of tender and crispy, smoky and sweet.Best of all: the price! This is top notch, gourmet dining at a pretty affordable price. Our tab (4 beers and 5 dishes) came to almost $80 before tip, and we could have (maybe should have?) trimmed one dish from our list and still remained absolutely stuffed. Of course, we regret not even glancing at the dessert menu, but one more bite could have ruined us.For those who don't like to rub elbows with others, be forewarned: the seating at Avec can be tight, as everyone basically sits together. This was actually kind of fun for us, because you get to ask people about their food or even give recommendations to a new party seated right next to you. The service is quick and impeccable, and the setting is more of a dinner party atmosphere than I would have expected. Avec was completely without pretense or the snootiness one would expect from a 5 star establishment. My girlfriend and I were absolutely thrilled to be eating our meal to the sounds of ELO, and we were glad to get out as the sounds of ambient techno crept in.A great experience. I went on a date and had the best time. You have to be open to giving up some personal space and like a lively crowd. The food was out of this world.We had a great time at this place.  The service was slow, and it's a pain in the ass to get a table without a reservation, but once you do the foods excellent, and the vibe is sheik, or as sheik as can be considering you feel like your dining in a wooden steam room (you'll know what I mean when you get there).  That being said, this place was almost too trendy for me.  I feel like I needed to be wearing haute couture to be accepted as one of the cool kids.  Will I go back?  Yes, if they'll grant me access...We go nowhere else for a serious foodie itch. Hands down, for the money, it's serious. Not for family from out of town or picky eaters.took all the yelpers reviews and tried the medjool dates. EXCELLENT. Then shared the pasta which was very filling. Finally picked the cheese plate. They had an excellent wine and beer list. Super chic and trendy. Don't look like an idiot when you can't figure out how to get in, the door to this place is on the left hand side, then push the wooden door to the right.This place is the perfect "neighborhood" restaurant (even if it is not in your neighborhood), but its the kind that is more than worth making the trip there any night of the week. I can understand some gripes that people have about the awkwardness of the seating or the service that is sometimes a bit slow. But to me that adds to the charm of this place: you are getting high quality food but in a very relaxed yet fun atmosphere. Definitely don't go if you are in a rush, or someone who has a problem with communal seating. I have been here many times and usually love every dish. Although there have been a couple missteps (wood-fired squid that is really a pasta dish??), but just like most restaurants, sometimes you just order the wrong thing. The menu changes often, which is a plus but also a minus if they remove one of your favorites (hopefully the mussels with chorizo make it back one day!). To be extremely repetitive, the Bacon-wrapped dates are seriously delicious, and definitely worth the hype. You can get it in half orders too (which my husband and I do now since we always have to order it, but want to have room to try other items).I also really like the no reservation policy. At least it gives you a chance, whereas at so many other great west loop places you are simply out of luck if you didn't plan well in advance.Can't wait until my next visit.I loved the bacon wrapped figs and the pork shoulder was amazing. Not a big fan of getting up three times to allow others to get in and out - but space it what it is, and they are definitely trying to maximize theirs. Staff was great, and we got right in - even though it was busy as could be, it did not seem like anyone waited a long time. But the service was attentive, and very professional which is a solid plus.If for nothing else, I would return for more figs and pork shoulder - those were really fantastic plates.This is a serious restaurant for serious foodies - great service.Dates stuffed with chorizo is a must. Cured meat sampling plate, cheeses, gnocci, pizza, Anything! Even the coffee is great. Completely fun neighborhood place. If you have to wait two hours for a table I guarantee it will be worth it. I totally love the atmosphere, staff, and food. One of my very favorite restaurants!The Chorizo stuffed dates was AMAZING.  Just about everyone in the restaurant had ordered this dish.  But unfortunately all the other dishes ordered were only okay.  We had the Werps Farm salad, the sirloin and also the laughing shrimp.  It was an extremely loud cafeteria environment and I had to pretty much yell out when talking with my friend.  The two ladies that were seated right next to us had to leave before ordering because it was too loud.  The overall experience was okay but I would like to go back with a larger crowd so I can try some of the large plates there.Avec is delicious, really delicious, but a little bit trendy to get 5 stars in my book.  I went on a date and happily, we didn't have to wait long to get seated, though we were a single pair between two large groups at one of the communal tables. I don't mind communal dining, but it's kind of awkward when one side of the table is a booth-- I had no way to get out! Beyond that gripe, the food was EXCELLENT. We ordered wine, which was light and lovely, though I don't know what kind it was since my date ordered my glass without consulting me (points off for him, not avec.)  We got the oft-mentioned chorizo stuffed dates, which were INCREDIBLE, an order of the veal livers, which I highly recommend even if you're scared of weird bits, and the gnocchi with oxtail and kumquats and some other stuff I don't remember-- it all sounded weird but was perfect in combination.The service was really friendly and quick, the ambiance is great-- the people at one end of our table had some kind of beautiful crazy absinthe drinking contraption-- and the food is delicious. Great date place (just maybe not the date I was with!)-- I would totally go back. Mmm, chorizo stuffed dates...omg...the bacon wrapped/chorizo stuffed dates really are amazing and one of the best reasons to go to this restaurant. Everything else was OK and kind of salty...but maybe that is because I don't salt my food when I am cooking. We also tried and generally liked the chicken thighs, flank steak salad, and rigatoni with sausage. I would go back for drinks and the dates.I have to say my opinion of the feel of the place isn't good because I went for a late lunch/early dinner so there weren't many people there and I know I would have to go when it was busier because they want it to be more of a social gathering experience.  That being said, my friend and I show up, ordered the Chorizo-stuffed Medjool Dates, Baby Octopus, & the pork shoulder. All of which were great. I loved the dates. The staff seemed good and one of the cooks came over and asked us our opinion of the pork shoulder which was sweet when you first start off and finished off smoothly.My girlfriend and I came to Avec for a late night drink after already having dinner and drinks elsewhere.  Well we ended up ordering a snack here that were so good (Bologna sandwich with fries) that we ended up ordering more and essentially ordering two dinners!  The place is dark in a very cool romantic way.  I can't wait to go back again  Truly a 5 star dive, what a great concept!Went with a party of 4 at 4:30 and got a seat immediately.  Long line formed around 5.  I was impressed with the server and the menu was interesting.  We got the whole fish (pretty good), bacon dates (great), and a few other dishes that were tasty.  The reason for my 3 stars in that we also got the $90 ribeye.  It comes precut and honestly the portion size was horrible...less than what you would get from a top steak house for $60.  Also the meat was not flavorful and chewy.  If we didn't end the meal with the steak I would have given this place 4-5 stars but unfortunately everyone at the table walked away with that as the memory of the night.  Bill came out to be $75 per person (alcohol included).  Most likely won't be going back myself.  I would recommend people try the place but DON'T GET THE RIBEYE!!!!!!!Dining out isn't just about the food: it's also about bigger experience: conversing, ambience, and connecting with others. Avec is so loud that you have to really raise your voice and strain to carry on a conversation. Then there's the next couple six inches away, trying to do the same. But my main gripe is those wooden blocks they make you sit on - it is like a child's punishment stool, having to perch on those hard, totally uncomfortable bricks with no backrest while others push back and forth in the aisle behind you. Ugh. Food is lovely, wine selection is creative and different, service was fantastic. But the cramped room layout and those stools are a real detriment to the overall experience.Awesome  food worth the waitmany weeks later & I'm still dreaming about the pork shoulder....avec had been on my radar for over a year now & we finally dined there back in June for my birthday. knowing that they don't accept reservations, we showed up shortly after 5pm (prime senior citizen dining hour, ha!). we found metered parking right around the corner, although they do offer valet for about $10(I think). The restaurant only had about 3 other parties, so no seating issues. we were promptly seated & provided with our water glasses and cutlery. Our server was very knowledgeable & brought the food and drink menus over. She went over the wine selection (pretty extensive, IMO) & other drink options. once our drink orders were in, we concentrated on what food to order. we started with an order of the famous bacon wrapped, chorizo stuffed dates. believe the hype, they were amazzzzziinng. I could've polished off 3 orders of them. yum. we also had the hanger steak salad, which was fresh, crisp & had a really good, savory dressing.for our entrees, we ordered the special fish of the day (porgy) & the pork shoulder. mmm, mmm, mmm!!! the fish was tasty, don't get me wrong but that pork shoulder.... wow. I absolutely adored it; it was flavorful, succulent & melted in my mouth. yep, that good. since we were beyond stuffed, we couldn't fathom finding room for dessert- which is a shocker, since I LIVE for sweets. next time!all in all, a very solid & delicious dining experience. i will be back for sure.Overpriced, under delivered. The chopped salad was quite good, but, come on, not for $9 for a tiny little bowl. I also had the octopus poached in olive oil and tomato. The consistency and taste was very meaty, almost beefy. It lost all of it's nice octopus texture. The taste was overpowering and unsubtle. The portions are very small but having 1.5 small plates plus a beer filled me up. It's very trendy and loud, but the food is a little overhyped if you ask me (at least from the dishes I had).I went here on Friday night around 645pm. No wait! We luckily snagged two seats at the bar.  Love sitting at the bar. Hate the communal tables.  Lots of people outside just drinking which I found odd considering the food is inside!I had high expectations for this place and I was slightly disappointed. We ordered the eggplant crostini with sweet corn and arugula salad, the medjool dates with bacon and chorizo, "blt" with foie gras, and the braised pork shoulder with white beans and basil/cashew pistou.  Eggplant crostini was tasty and I am not a fan of eggplant!  I enjoyed the vinaigrette over the corn and arugula salad.  My husband found it a bit sour although in general he is not a fan of vinaigrettes.  The medjool dates had good flavor, but in my opinion had too much chorizo, and not enough dates. It was a little too spicy for me to really enjoy it.  I love spicy but for some reason the spicyness overpowered the taste of the whole dish.  The "blt" with foie gras was good but not great.  Pan-seared foie gras with tomatoes and a light salad sprinkled with bacon bits.   It's an interesting and creative dish but not satisfying.  The vinaigrette was similar to the one with the eggplant crostini.  Lastly, we had the pork shoulder. I love pork and this pork was definitely braised slowly since it fell apart as I picked it up. The most disappointing part was that it was significantly under-seasoned.  I enjoyed the pistou with the pork and the beans, but all of it was a bit bland even when I ate them altogether.I was slightly disappointed by this restaurant. I've decided that this restaurant has potential and deserves a second try.  I will return.Hmmm.  Full disclosure here- I am vegetarian, and I think this made my experience less awesome here than if I had been able to eat ALL the dishes that we ordered.We had a little over an hour and a half wait on a weekday night, but we fully expected this and went to the bar next door for yummy martinis in the meantime.  We got a call at the expected time and trooped back over, when we were seated at the end of one of the long communal tables.  The decor is modern, warm, and intimate- fitting for the restaurant's style.  The hostesses were friendly and provided great service.  Our waiter came over to us right away, and provided honest feedback and answered all our questions.  One negative here, though- we were looking for a specific kind of Spanish wine, and both of the bottles we selected from the wine list were sold out.  Bummer, but it happens, so our server promised to bring us a similar bottle from the cellar.  He served it, but when we got our bill we found out that it was DOUBLE the price of the other two we had selected.  This price discrepancy should have been noted when he brought it out. As for the food... friends went crazy over the Medjool dates.  The flatbread wth pheasant sausage and pumpkin got a similarly good reaction.  The focaccia with taleggio cheese was yummy but slightly bland, and the portion was unexpectedly large compared to other plates.  The roasted sunchoke crostini was tasty, and the delicata squash was absolutely divine.  Tablemates found the crispy veal liver metallic and didn't really like it, but hey, our server warned them about that.  The Burgundy snail polenta was deemed good but not amazing, though the novelty factor of having snails outside of butter sauce seemed to be worth it.This place is perfection. No reservations are taken but if you show up before 7 on a week night you probably won't have to wait. Seating is communal at long wooden tables (and the bar). The atmosphere is warm and friendly. The service is impeccable. The food is incredible. It can probably best be described as Mediterranean rustic. The menu changes with the season, but you must get the dates which are a mainstay. It took me back how inexpensive everything was with most large plates $15-$20 and small plates around $10. The wine and beer list are both extensive and have a ton of reasonably priced wonderful options. You absolutely cannot go wrong here. One of the best meals I've ever experienced and a truly fantastic restaurant.Avec has fantastic small and large plates meant for sharing.  Go there for that.  They have a fantastic wine list and a small, but wonderfully well chosen beer list.  Go there for that.  The service has never been less than great on both of my visits.So what's my problem?  Why only 3 stars?The atmosphere.  It is decorated like a sauna with communal seating and awful flourescent lighting.  I hate being packed into communal tables with strangers (and I mean packed in tight).  This sucks when on a date and with large groups expect to wait outside in their cafe for hours while small groups get squeezed in ahead of you (they don't take reservations).  Should I hold it against them that they are popular?  Probably not.   But I would rather they jack up the prices so they can take reservations and spread the seating out.  This would make my experience pleasant and let me give them the 5 stars that they deserve.Dropped in for a glass before my reservation next door at Blackbird.  I loved the minimalist-sauna look, but it was starkly uncomfortable.  The seating is a bit too summer-camp-furniture-made-in-dads-woodshop.  It was clean and pure but I didn't naturally feel like I could sit there for hours.  However, the placed smelled fresh and clean and most of the staff was friendly albeit not a little aloof.  As wine bars go, it STILL can't beat my favorite!This restaurant is the best i have been to since my recent move to chicago. The food is fresh, flavorful, and flawless. The place is small, therefore the atmosphere is crowded and loud, but it didn't bother me at all. Felt more intimate than annoying, and we ended up chatting with our neighbors a bit. 5 of us went, 5 of us loved it, 5 stars for sure.Really small space, I like the shared seating idea, however man my seat was hard as a rock. Only after my meal did I notice the seat pads, that would have helped. thats my only negative review on this place. All I have to say is the procuttio covered dates are melt in your mouth good. The pork was fall apart delicious. The food was different and all really impressive. Service was attentive and friendly. Would love to come back and sit at the bar.The wait was long, but it was well worth it. Food was excellent! They had flatbread, foccacia, and fish on the menu, but with flavors that are surprising and very delicious. For example, they had foccacia filled with ricotta cheese, but they added truffle oil. I would give this place five stars for food, but the crappy chairs (stools are a wood block with no back) brought the score to a four..Two words: pork shoulder.my parents were in town, so we wanted to try out avec since i had heard so much about it. of course, i knew about the insane wait times, so we dropped by to put our name on the list an hour and a half prior to our intended dining time. we still ended up having to wait an extra thirty minutes at the japanese resto two doors down. so note: total wait time on a saturday night: 2 hours. we sat down to eat at 9:45pm.  chicago is a city full of people who love to wait and restaurants that don't take damn reservations.the food was truly lovely. the olive appetizer was mind-blowing-- i can't stop thinking about those fantastic olives.  who is their supplier?  i could eat them every day. my dad ordered the U.S.-made prosciutto, and was very impressed.  my mother had the lamb tongue foccacia, which she said was delicious but far too large of a portion.  i had yellow italian beets, which were great.  there is plenty here for a vegetarian who wants to go out with her meat-loving pals.the wine list was excellent and well-priced. my dad was able to find a beatiful and really complex spanish wine for half the price that it goes for at similar restaurants in california.  i was most struck by the relatively low prices at avec considering the extreme high quality and the beautiful craftsmanship of the food.  the portions were in general much too large.  for a group of three small folks, we could have easily gotten away with 2-3 appetizers and a single entree.a few complaints-- the seating arrangements are a little cramped for clastrophobes like me and my parents.  we were seated next to an aspirational yuppie couple who listened in on our coversations and leered longingly at my dad's special amex card.  the seats were incredibly hard and uncomfortable.  this would be a great place to eat fairly regularly if it weren't for the uncomfortable environment and ridiculous waits.  they could easily raise prices and reduce portion sizes.paul kahan is obviously a culinary genius. if you disagree with this sentiment then: (a) you have probably burned off your taste buds in some freak accident; or (b) have no soul. he is definitely a leader in a class of chefs that is shaping/shaped the daring and delicious chicago culinary scene.there isn't anything new i can say about the menu. it's been covered a million times on this very page and beyond. under chef koren grieveson's care, paul kahan's genius is sure to knock your socks off. yes, the bacon-wrapped chorizo-stuffed medjool dates are perfection. yes, the comfort afforded to you from the savory mediterranean inspired dishes are on par with the hot toddy you sip while wearing footie pajamas on a cold, rainy day. yes, you want to lick the plates clean. very clean.go there. enjoy the food.but also know that it is small. it is communal. it does get loud. that, however, is part of the charm. a menu that is focused on small plates and wines should be served in a communal setting. the long, blond wooden tables encourage sharing and conversation. that's the point. the overall decor, which i referred to as 'sauna-chic', inspires the feeling of sitting around in an intimate setting, talking, eating ... in general, just enjoying, well, life.if the last time you shared a table was at benihana, then this might be a little bit too much for you. avec is a bit more crowded, and rather than sit somewhat quietly so you can enjoy the teppanyaki chef flip shrimp tails into his hat, you will be butted up against another couple who is running down the minutiae of their day. some will be really cool and fun, others will be jerks and douchebags. have a sense of humor and you'll be ok. at the end of the day, it's all about your own company and the food anyway.Yummy small plates. Loved the spicy chorizo stuffed dates. My only complaint was the terrible lighting . . . . what is up with the fluorescent lights above the tables? It totally kills the warm natural feeling of the room.Only waited 15-20 min at 7 on a Friday. Decor was very nice, props for having the communal salt/pepper bowls all throughout the tables. They told us that either two small plates or one large plate per person was an appropriate amount of food, so we ended up starting off with the olives (very tasty, and accompanied by what appeared to be a homemade Tuscan (ie no salt) mini-loaf. Then we got the cured salmon which came with buttered pumpernickel bread and a garnish of radishes and greens. The salmon was cured really well and altogether a nice dish, though perhaps one or two many flavors happening. Next was the "focaccia" with taleggio cheese, truffle, and fennel. This was by no means an authentic focaccia, but rather just a delicious, wood-oven baked flatbread loaded with flavor. The taleggio was very mild (in fact I would not have known it was taleggio except for the menu), but not in a bad way, and the truffle was perfectly proportioned (tastable, but not overwhelming like truffle often is). Little hints of fennel were just perfect.We capped it off with a cheese plate. They have a small but nice selection, and give you a reasonable portion along with another loaf of bread, and a salad of grape, citrus juice, and those wonderful Spanish soft almonds. This was enough food to easily satisfy two people, so no dessert. This meal, along with two beers, tax, and tip came to around $70 (a great deal for food this good).My only complaint was the beer list, which certainly had some interesting choices (and a good portion of 750 ml bottles) but lacked such basics as a good IPA or classic Belgian.im so glad this is the first place i ate at after coming back to chicago :) GREAT experience.you know, people complain about the wait. the stars must have been aligned because i got there around 5pm expecting to wait for 1-2 hours, but our hostess told us we'd have a 15-20 minute wait. (!!!!!) unfortunately, our party of 6 was only a party of 3 at the moment, so we sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine and a couple small plates.wines- BOTH suggestions that the server gave us were delicious. its important for the servers to know what the hell theyre talk about, right? right. so we had 2 bottles, very reasonably priced, and delicious with our food. burrata- we ordered this so randomly. my friend liked what the name of it was and just wanted to try something new. its creamy mozzarella stuffed with... cream. SO good. not too creamy and it was a great way to cleanse the palate. yum. bacon wrapped dates. you can NEVER go wrong. some of my friends thought that it was a bit spicy... but it was so hearty and yummy. by the way, even though these are "small" plates, they are much more hearty than typical tapas. so worth the price and taste.i dont want my review to be ridiculously long. so for the rest of the foods, i'd suggest that you be free to experience food you havent had before. it was REALLY all spectacularly cooked. and the experience of sitting family style... it was definitely friendly and fun. i don't care that its small. it was worth it.now, to plan another trip to chicago to try the other restaurants ;)I absolutely loved Avec. No reservations, by dining here you opt to come share a meal among the other patrons at the communal tables or the bar. This matches nicely with Avec's small plates approach that encourages sharing among your party. I liked being able to spot what other people were ordering and get a feel for what different options Avec offered. I almost wished I could start to propose some sharing with the other diners as options are definitely not something Avec is short on and everything I tried made me want to see what they were able to do with their other dishes. We were advised to do two small plates or one large plate a person which sadly limited our party of 2 to 3 things. This was more than enough food but we had to make some tough choices to narrow it down to just 3 things. We went with the deluxe foccacia, the burrata, and the brandade. Everything was excellent but the rich ricotta cheese and truffle oil of the foccacia really stayed with me as the best dish of the night. What I love about their menu is that I could come back the next day, make completely different choices, and end up with a completely different style of meal. And I'd be lying if I said the thought of returning the next day didn't cross my mind, it's just that good.Food was excellent! The waitresses are laissez-faire as reviewed elsewhere 'not active'.  I actually ended up tipping the busboy a huge tip because he actually came around to check on us.  This was my third time and if wasn't for the food I may take them off my list.Wow between this and Ruxbin I finally found some good restaurants in Chicago where literally everything is outstanding.  I would definitely go have some cocktails at Blackbird or around and then just roll over they will call you.  Hostess was very nice an accommodating which usually isn't the case at busy/popular restaurants were they act more like bouncers than hostesses.  Just go I don't see how you can't like it.  I know I'll be back.chorizo stuffed dates = so sexy.  my gosh... i wanted to eat all of them and leave none for my bf.  lol.  avec, i may be seeing you again before i leave b/c shoot u were tasty!  *they dont take reservations.  so try to come w/a small party and early.Love Avec. The food is absolutely delicious. Rustic and loaded with flavor. And the place is open late, which is an added bonus. If I really have to pick a drawback it has to be the uncomfortable seating arrangements & the decor in general. It looks like a sauna. A sauna with delightful food.As I  said: Love Avec. You should go.Avec is one of my favorite restaurants.  A friend of mine who is quite frugal with words when recommending restaurants had more than enough good things to say about Avec and their food.The food is simple, well cooked with quality ingredients, and service is great despite how busy it gets.  My friend had really good beer and I had absinthe, and though it was nothing like what I drank in Prague, the slow drip sugar cube set up was entertaining.  The restaurant structure is essentially a minimalist cube, everything constructed with linear, rectangular forms, but when the communal tables are filled with lively chatter and happy tummies it is really a nice balance.  BIG NOTE: No, I wouldn't take people like my parents who prefer lots of elbow room and cushiony seats, no more than 5 minute waits, and less chatter.  But I know they'd still enjoy the food.Went here on a date.  Excellent food (and I'm a bit of a foodie).  Drinks were sub-par (but Aviary was close-by).  Definitely looking forward to going back soon.Big fan of Avec.  It's open until midnight daily, so it's a great place to grab a late dinner or take a date.  Great ambiance, knowledgable, friendly servers, communal seating, solid wine list and great food.  I've tried at least half of the menu and it's all delicious.  The rock shrimp with squid ink pasta is awesome.  Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon are off the chain.  Any steak special they have going delivers.  It's all good.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.Good food, bad service.  It could've been just selectively bad service because the tables next to ours came and left before us.  Also, this place was hard to find because it didn't even look like it was a restaurant from the outside.  Not sure if the plain and simple thing works for or against it.  Anyway, we were there for brunch and ordered 4 dishes. They decided to bring our french toast out as dessert, which took some extra time because apparently it got backed up.  That was fine because it made sense.  But then after they took our plates away, the waitress disappeared and decided to wait on other tables.  We were in a hurry and waited 15 minutes before asking the hostess for the check and the hostess had to have another waitress bring it to us.  It was busy, but not that busy. It would've made sense for the waitress to bring the check after she brought the dishes away.  Good food, sluggish service. I would've given more stars for just the food alone, which was excellent.  The focaccia bread was delicious btw.Can't go wrong with whatever you order! It is that good! The Only thing I wish they do is to take reservations. But the wait is worth it!I would have to say this is one of my favorite spots.  Great service, food, and wine in an intamite setting.  I heard it's going to be written up in GQ magazine so hopefully doesn't get too busy but to good not to shareWow, what a great time I had at Avec back in November 2007. The Chorizo stuffed medjool Dates were fantastic as well as the Halibut....Communal style dining and the place had a real buzz to it...We sat down around 11:00pm on a Friday night to eat, fresh from our arrival from Miami...The food was great, the service laid back....struck up a conversation with the Chicago couple next to us and became instant friends, plus we met the cast and hosts from "Top Chef" who had a reunion that night...all in all I will definitely return on our next visit to the windy city...Absolutely love this place.  The food is excellent, and the price is reasonable.  I fall in love with the pork shoulder.  It's literally melted in your mouth.  It's quite a heavy dish, so it's best to be shared.  The only complain I have about this place is that we have to wait outside.  And it gets quit hot in the summer (especially this summer).  But overall, a great place to have a late dinner/drink.Stumbled across this place with a group of friends when we were looking for dinner after a looong day downtown. Little did we know it was one of he top restaurants in Chicago. The food was amazing and we split a delicious bottle of wine with dinner. Definitely much less expensive than I had expected but we also ordered much less than the recommended amount (tapas style) and were stil full by the end of the night. I recommend only ordering a few plates to start and then adding more if you are hungry.This is our go to place when we have guests in the city. Deluxe foccacia is a must and the dates are excellent.We went to Avec on a Thursday night at 6pm and got in without reservations - we were about the last people to get a table though before there was a wait.Menu isn't huge but the variety is good. We got the foccacia bread which was good but super rich - it was so filling that the three of us couldn't finish it. Definitely recommend the chorizo bacon wrapped dates - delicious and spicy! We had the snapper special which came out whole - very tasty but kind of a haze to pick through ALL the bones. We also had the pork shoulder which was delicious and a large portion - definitely could be shared. We had two bottles of wine - both were great, they have a good wine selection.From an atmosphere perspective, I could see what they were going for but it didn't do it for me. It was too bright and I felt like I was in a sauna (because of the walls, not the temperature). Also we were right by the window and I know they can't do anything about it in the Chicago winter but it was COLD where we were sitting. Also, there is nowhere to really stand for the people who are waiting for a table - so they ended up standing right by our table. Go here on a weeknight kind of early to avoid the rush - great date place but super small so anymore than a few people and you are in for a wait.Summary: food has high points and low points: some amazing dishes, with some misses, not much in between. nice interior, good wine selection, fairly loud inside.Good For: eating alone at the bar or a  group of 4 or less.Would go  again? Yes, even if it was just to have a glass of wine and the dates.Sat at the bar at Avec alone when on business, but still wanted to try as many dishes as possible so the bartender was nice enough to offer me half portions of the dates and pasta dish.**cantaloupe salad with mizuna, grapefruit and spicy mustard vinaigrette- this was by far the worst dish of the evening. The salad was so drenched in dressing that it was almost inedible and souplike. This cause all of the canteloupe and grapefruit to be very soggy, and the vinaigrette was not spicy in the least.**chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce - these are amazing. the dates look like they are on steroids-they are about 5 times  the size of dates I have been able to find at any NYC market. really a perfect tasting appetizer. The taste of bacon is mild. One full order has 4, so i reccomend sharing with one other person because 2 was the perfect amount for one person.**marinated hanger steak with baby squash, asparagus, blueberry and bone marrow - cooked perfctly, nice flavors, beautiful colors on the plate.**Mushroom pasta dish- the half order of this was still enough to feed several people. Very Rich sauce, but the homemade pasta was hearty enough to hold its own with the sauce. A few bites of this dish is perfect, so i reccomend sharing with several others.This was a very cool place. I loved the minimalist decor. The food was very good as well.... and went with the general feel of the restaurant. I would go back in a heartbeat. I would love to sample more of the menu.It was a splendid early dinner for me and my mother. She happened to visit me from a long journey so we decided to try Avec from my friend's recommendation. We ordered the hanger steak, veal sweetbreads, squid ink, pork shoulder and salmon. All of them are delicious and the portion for both of us was actually a lot! The service was great too. Seat is made from wood and we have to share our table but doesn't matter since the food overlap all of it.GREAT spce- and very fun- note the lack of reservation taking so either get there early or be prepared to wait- or might try a weeknight.  Everything about Avec was dead on... great food, figs/dates, nice cheese platter, great pasta option...loved the food and did not feel like I had just eaten a grossly large portion of meat!  Great atmosphere, nice people watching and cool approach to design- just be prepared to basically be sitting on top of your neighbors at other tablesI thought I was going to like this place more than I did. First of, I usually love the super trendy places and this place definitely looked trendy, albeit small. Second off, I heard great things about the food here and it was decently crowded on a Tuesday night. However, after eating here, I just didn't feel like this is somewhere I'd want to come back to.I agree with other reviewers, the hostess is a little snotty. She refused to seat us until our entire party was there, which is fine, but she didn't let us sit at the bar because those are dinner seats too. This place is so small that there is literally no place to wait if your friend is stuck in traffic! You kind of have to huddle by the door which isn't a fun experience. When we finally got seated we were seated at a communal table with two other groups of people who were already eating. Akward. We had to ask one side of the table to stand so that we could get into the MIDDLE of the table. The seats were horribly uncomfortable and I can't even imagine how someone 6 feet can sit here because I was uncomfortable and I am a tiny asian person. The food was good, but I didn't think it was anything special. Some dishes were well priced, others were priced very high for what they were (english pea on bread for $10? really?). Our waitress was okay but I wish she were dressed a little nicer. I mean, isn't this supposed to be a trendy place? And finally, after eating myself until I was stuffed, I felt sick all night. I think this is a sign that the food isn't really that well made. I've eaten at several restaurants before and stuffed myself and felt fine. Not so here. Overall, I didn't have a great impression of this place. Go eat in NY if you want trendy.Sometimes dining alone can be a scary thing... but one HUGE perk is that it's generally easier for staff to find you a seat at the bar.  When I asked how long it would take for "just one," the hostess said she could get me in right away.  I felt a little guilty as we walked past a few groups who were waiting to be seated, but I was also pretty relieved since I was so hungry.  (Note: Something I noticed about dining with a group in big cities is you can't wait until you're actually hungry to go out to some trendy venue because you'll probably end up using some of your fat stores as you wait and give death stares to the now-sated diners lingering over their checks.)I don't know what I can say about the "chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce" that hasn't already been said.  Perhaps they're laced with crack because I could've kept on eating more--this was one of those hyped-about dishes that I actually found hype-worthy.  I love when food has salty, sweet, tangy, earthy, and spicy components, but I find it especially rare for all flavor components to not only be present, but robust and yet, balanced.  Dates aside, when is it not the case that bread + tomato sauce = tasty?  Even cafeteria pizza has its fan base... but I digress.I also ordered the "marinated hanger steak with baby squash, asparagus, blueberry and bone marrow" because sometimes you get those iron cravings, right?  Every part was well executed, but the bone marrow and blueberries were really the main things that pushed this dish into the realm of "interesting."  I feel for it... when you have those brilliant and addictive dates for an older sibling, you could be practically perfect but by comparison, you would still struggle in trying to fill their shoes.  Frankly, I could have forgone this in favor of a second helping of the dates.Since everyone already knows about the dates, I'll leave you with my thoughts on the less-mentioned dessert option that was available to me (but that I see was replaced with a chocolate mousse)--their white chocolate panna cotta with maple figs and walnut shortbread.  The panna cotta was flawless--rich in the way most creamy desserts are, but perfectly portioned and light textured so as to prevent you from getting that "why did you let me eat this after I ate all that?" feeling.  It gave such a pleasant mouthfeel that I was slightly saddened since I found only one whispery sliver of a delicious maple syrupy fig, mixed in with a small portion of sliced-up dried apricot.  As much as I like dried apricots, I found their chewy texture a little bit too much of a contrast when paired with the smooth panna cotta, because while the panna cotta dissolved into a practically literal sweet nothing, the nubby apricot pieces hung around--leaving an aftertaste that was more grocery store than luxury.  That tiny piece of fig that I tried had melted in my mouth alongside its white chocolate counterpart and I would have much preferred more of that.  The walnut shortbread added that touch of streusel-y charm that makes almost all creamy desserts even better, but it was also buttery enough to crumble away with the panna cotta.  If the mousse is as good, I'd try my hardest to save some room.Probably my favorite moderate-priced restaurant in Chicago. Food is the intersection of New American and Mediterranean French, it's like tapas but with better food. In contrast to other dimly-light, apothecary-decorated places like Au Cheval and Trenchermen, this place is kind of like a log cabin inside. It has communal seating so you will get placed right next to strangers, but I don't mind. The menu changes seasonally and is always great. I've been here twice and remember eating these things my second time:Bacon-wrapped datesFlatbread "pizza" with pumpkin puree, fennel seed and pheasant sausageOne warning: this place is very loud.The best bacon wrapped dates this city offers, and trust me, I've eaten a LOT of dates.I am so torn on this review... There were such highlights but the service (to my great suprise based on the reviews) really left something to be desired.  I started at a 4 went back to a 3 and am now at a 4 again.  The food is great, yes, but we were taking an out of town friend here and I just don't know that I would do that again knowing there are places with better service.  Meal cost 5 people, bottle of wine, 3 beers, 5 cocktails, with tip, food, $60 per person.Let's start at the happy place, food: 4.5 stars- Dates: super yummy, very heavy, only 4 in an order, but you only need 1 per person.  - Hanger steak: was a little well dont for my taste and given the cut, but it paird beautifully with the mushrooms, which were fresh and perfectly cooked.- Focacia:  very light and crisp, the cheese and truffle oil was deslish.  Great size too, so if you are going with a party of 4 or so, definitely worth it.  For 2, you are going to be pretty stuffed after.- Salmon: Torn... The salmon was absolutely perfectly cooked and of high quality.  The pairing with the fingerling potatoes were just OK.  I thought the sauce was bland and the potatoes were underdone.- Toscano Salumi plate: yummy.Cheese plate: spain - la pata cabra, france - tomme brebis, and portugal - castelinhos: super yummy, very high quality cheese.  We also ordered the accurtiamets and they paired nicely.  However, they give you one very small piece of bread for a generous portion of cheese, and I just think it's a poor balance.  We would have asked for more... but the service.Service 2-3 stars:  We walked it an 8pm on a Wednesday and they lovely hostess took our name and number and said she would call in 60-90 minutes.  We were plesently suprised to hear from her an hour later with our table.  We walked over sat down and our server promptly showed up, which was the peak point of our waiters attention.What went wrong:  I originally wrote this huge explanation, but in the bottom line is that our server was inattentive, flippant, and borderline rude to us. But the highlight is that  we are noshing on the yummy dates and my friend who ordered a French 75 has this really funky glass that is like a cocktail glass but they make a thin 1/2 inch stem and no bottom to balance it.  So, my friend knocks it over when we are trying to make room on our table, and the waiter who is about 3 people away looks over and lets out a VERBAL scoff at us and literally runs away.  The very helpful runner who is right there apoligizes for the clutter of glasses and gets napkins and helps us.  I realize it isn't the most gracious move to knock over a glass in a trendy restaurant, but seriously when you service glasses with a thin stem and no bottom, you shouldn't get that upset.  Oh and our waiter also brought out 6 wine glasses when we told you only 2 people were drinking it.  Which, if you have been here you know how overly crowded and limiting that makes the table.This was the whole attitude toward us the whole night.  And we were pulling teeth to get a second round of drinksBottom line: I'll be back BUT I would be disinclined to bring someone from out of town, like we did, knowing the service.What can I say about avec that hasn't already been said? No, seriously, because I'm not going to read through the nearly 200 gushing reviews. So here is one more. Avec was magical. My girlfriend and I arrived at 7:00 pm on Friday to celebrate our 23 and 24th birthdays. On the way to give our names I nearly knock over Stephanie from Top Chef, oops. The wait turned out to be pleasantly short, only about twenty minutes. Larger parties, be forewarned that it will take much longer. One of the groups that was well into their drinks when we arrived was seated over an hour after my date and I were. We split two small plates and a large, respectively the pork terrine and seared flank steak and the goat cheese focaccia. It might seem heresy based on everyone else's reviews but I was underwhelmed by the focaccia. I thought it would make a better small plate and found it almost overwhelming but at the same time boring to eat such a large (half) portion. The terrine was great but know what you're getting; the texture will be similar to pate`. The seared flank steak was my favorite. It came with some sort of butter on top, corn, and spinach and was just delicious.Wine was great and the server was helpful in picking out our orders. We were ordering the cheaper 250 mls and even that was exceptional.This, combined with a trip to Violet Hour afterward, resulted in the best date the two of us have ever been on, hands down.p.s. i want to bathe in this olive oil.  and the marcona almonds on the cheese plate? to die for.be sure to order some rich, stinky blue cheeses too...Please refer to my rating (at least for now).Lava cake with hazelnut. Not your typical lava cake with a melting chocolate center but delicious!  Avec used to have very basic deserts and usually boring ones but  they are climbing up now. The food as always is spectacular and exceptionally good. The stuffed dates are obviously the MUST HAVE staple at this place. The bartenders have been good for decades. Enjoy!I gave this an ok because the waitress told us to order the large plates with the small plates to give the large plates time to cook. She said about 20 minutes. It took over an hour to get the large plates and between the people who order 2 small plates and the people who ordered the large plates there was to much time. Also, the people next to use got their food way faster than us (but about 30 minutes) and they order the same plates that were supposed to take a long time. I felt the food was either good or just ok. The braised pork was awesome, but the smaller plates weren't something to rave about.We came here after an absence of a couple of years and wondered how we had let so much time go by without revisiting this place.  Avec doesn't take reservations, but, we arrived relatively early and quickly found a place at the long bar that extends from the front to the back of the restaurant.  The restaurant is narrow, with the bar on one side and a single row of tables against the other wall that are available for communal seating.  We ordered wine and then a few small plates and then a entree that we split. The wine list is Italian-Iberian Peninsula-South France centric and we've always found it full of interesting choices. The chorizo-stuffed dates are unforgettable (in a very good way!) with the spice of the chorizo matched by the sweetness of the dates.   We also enjoyed the subtleties of the flavors in the whitefish small plate.  With 3 small plates and an entree that was split between the two of us, we were too stuffed for dessert.Interesting place, very laid back.Great ambiance, great food.NO RES! accepted.Why go to Alinea (BTDT or Tru also BTDT) when one can go to Avec.If they are too full walk two more blocks west to Girl and the Goat.The delicious dates on the menu are enough to warrant 5 stars all on their own.   Beautiful atmosphere, excellent food, and I personally love the communcal tables.I love this place.  The style and attitude about food is perfecto!  So you all sit closely, its better about being about proper when comes to overlooking at your neighbor's food and plate.  Drink the vino, it is delicious, and the menu is seasonally delicious.  Eat more sprouts!Avec was very good, but not my favorite.  I liked it much better than Blackbird and not just because I like the decor MUCH more.  It has a very warm and welcoming setting and the service is great.  The Avec salad is awesome and the wood-roasted chicken thigh with a pork dumpling is incredible.   The owner of these spots nailed it with this place.Another excellent time at Avec, this time taking my cousin , who was a first timer.  She loved it too!  We thought by going on a Tues night we would avoid the crowds but that was not the case last night.  Luckily when we got there, there happened to be two seats at the bar, nearest to the entrance, and we were seated immediately.  It was loud with all the people but since we were seated by the open door, it wasn't bad at all.  My cousin wanted to start out with some white wine but with the large selection available she couldn't choose.  after asking our server, he brought out a wine that she was thrilled with.  We then ordered three dishes:  Shaved brussels sprout salad, bacon wrapped dates, and the focaccia with tallegio cheese.  Everything was spot on.  The salad was a little bitter from the brussels sprouts and fennel, tart from the dressing, and creamy from the shaved parmesan.  Really refreshing on a summer night.The bacon wrapped dates is a must order.  Salty, smokey, sweet, spicy.  We had the good fortune of having our dates brought to us by Chef Grieveson herself.  The last to come out was the focaccia.  It was light, cheesy, crispy, and piping hot.  If you order this, eat it right away because that is when it tastes its absolute best.  They have dessert but not on a printed menu but if you ask any server or hostess, they will inform you on what is available.  Avec continues to be one of my favorites in the city.   With the food they keep churning out, it looks like it'll stay that wayOne of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  Get the figs!I REALLY DON'T get what all the hype is about this place. I went here tonight w/ the bf after rave reviews from both a friend, that friend's sister-in-law and our hotel concierge. We were looking for a place w/ good food, a good vibe and a "special occasion-like atmosphere". What we got was an insanely bright and overlit restaurant with a really long wait, average food, bad service and a cold, communal table seat right by the rainy open doors. Bleh. Perhaps if we didn't have to wait til 10pm to eat, had better service, didn't sit in a restaurant where it looked more like 10am than 10pm and didn't have to wait 10 minutes in between each dish, we would've had a better experience. But alas, we didn't and the extremely average food didn't help (it was good but definitely NOT great!). Instead, we were told that the wait would be 20 minutes and not the over hour that it was, had a  waitress that didn't welcome us, be polite to us, talk to us or really check up on us and staff that brought the food to the tables w/o as much of a smile or a word just to remind us what the hell the dish was. The worst really, though, was the order in which we got our food. We ordered the fish, hanger steak and "flatbread". You would think that if a party ordered pizza, that it would be better as a first course. Instead, we started off w/ fish, had steak in the middle and ended w/ pizza... pizza! Just doesn't make sense. And on top of that, the $16 "flatbread" dish w/ mussels that turned out to be more like a small pizza w/ 3 pieces of mussels was just overwhelming after the first slice. The flavors were good at first, but then after the 2nd and 3rd slice, it just became too much. (The same can actually be said of the whitefish which had too much lemon and too much butter). I'm sorry but after this horrible meal, I will never frequent this place again. There was just not 1 bit of saving grace that would even make me consider retrying the place once again.5 dishes was actually too plentiful for 3 of us. I was so pleasantly surprised that the dishes were such generously-sized, even the larger plates. The food was just excellent. The only negative thing about this restaurant is the awkward and cramped seating - so definitely would not encourage bringing a large group unless you want to wait a long time. Our small party arrived pretty early in the night at 5pm and it was still a slight wait! The (female) chef is clearly talented and even interacted with the guests.this was my second time going to this spot. i absolutely love it. it was just as good as i remembered it three years ago.you walk in and the restaurant is extremely narrow and long. it is community style seating, the restaurant literally only has three actual tables. as i walked in, we had a spot at the table in the middle. a couple had to get up to let us slide into our spots.once seated we selected a few items to split off the menu: chorizo stuffed dates - this was the first place i ever had stuffed dates which have become one of my top favorite foods :)hanger steak - it had great flavor, but i wasnt completely wow'dfocaccia with taleggio cheese with truffle oil - one of the best things i have ever had in my life. so rich and creamy, but thin enough so you dont feel disgusted with all the breadfyi - i looked up and down the other parties, just about everyone had ordered the dates and focaccia (make sure you do too )we finished up with the chocolate crepes, sweet but not overpowering.The food is outstanding - sit at the bar and let them guide your meal - and our post-meal tea was served in adorable individual modern teapots!Didn't absolutely love the food. I thought the place has great ambience, decor, service, wine list and is creative with the food they serve but the flavor of the food I got was not quite excellent. I ordered the pea crostini and it was too salty, I don't know if it is always like that or if I just had bad luck. I also got the octopus salad and, although it was an interesting combination, the flavor of the octopus got lost between all the vegetables. Finally I got the dates that I thought were the best part although I was not a big fan. I closed with the panacotta that, again, wasn't my favorite food. The sauce was too sour and the crumbles at the top I thought didn't add a lot.So good, and actually pretty reasonable.  If you are really hungry I could see the small plates adding up, but the food was really good.  The only reason I am not going 5 stars here is that the sound can be unbearable and shouting seemed to be a required activity in order to have a discussion.  Chorizo stuffed medjool dates are insanely good and must haves!  Shishito peppers were good but I have had better... Oven roasted pork shoulder was filling and sublime... so delicate in texture and filled with flavor!  Mmm, mmm good!!!Minimalist place with great wine selection.  We snagged the last two seats at the bar and fully enjoyed people and food watching!food: i hate to say this after all the rave reviews on yelp and from friends...but the food was just ok.  the chorizo stuffed dates were good but very meaty.  the bone marrow was good...pork was ok...the foccacia with truffle oil wasn't very amazing...service: as if i wasn't there..which is annoyingfinal thoughts: overrated.  and everything was just bland in flavor (pet peeve)Tiny but quaint place to hang out with some friends and have a drink or two with some good food.  I've only been there to try some desserts and Apps.  The Brandade is a must try!  I'd go back to try dinner...My favorite place in the city for food! hands down quality menu and great wine listAvec's interior looks almost as fabulous as Donnie Madia's wardrobe. Anyway, it's amazing the food is still good after what-close to10 years now? The small plates were absolutely perfect and the whole roasted fish was fresh and beautifully prepared. The wine list was also exceptional. Although a number of new restaurants have popped up since I left Chicago, avec is still one of my favorites.The chorizo stuffed dates is really that good and that was the highlight.  We also had hanger steak which was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Other dishes were also good but not very memorable.  The environment was casual but hip and trendy.  Overall, solid food, wine, and service.Avec is amazing all the way through. From the attractive exterior to the two-person open kitchen and every scrumptious bite in between. The menu is small, the seating is initimate and the clientele is probably the best dressed crowd I've seen in Chicago. I love restaurants like this because there are two chefs, easily visible, crafting food out of passion for people who can appreciate it. The food here is fantastic and dining at Avec is not just for sustenance, its an experience. Not a surprise why they are constantly featured in magazines.What happens when all of the planets align and the stars shine down on a little place that is full of all good things?  AVEC.Paul was behind the bar and the stars started lining up then.  His service was impeccable;  Great recommendations for small plates, entree, wines, and even turned us on to some truly fantastic music.  The space is minimal/industrial/temple and easy on the eyes.  The light coming into the narrow space filters beautifully and really adds to the ambiance and as the natural light fades, the lighting inside gives a cozy, comfortable feeling and really accentuates the colors of the plates of food.  Food lighting is something that sometimes gets overlooked - even the tastiest food, in the wrong light, is not going to sing an aria.All of the accoutrement have lined up, and then the food and wine came.  My only wish was for cooler weather so that I could fully enjoy the richness of the brandade.  Stuffed dates, turkey and guanciale meatballs... The food just kept coming and it was all lucious, coating the inside of the mouth with texture and taste.Okay, I think I need to get back on a plane and eat.  Quit reading, and just go!  You will not regret it.I'm not going to restate much of what was already said.  Food was frigging outstanding (yes - try and retry the stuffed dates and the pork shoulder).   For you fellow suburbanites trying to find outstanding food - this gem is located a block and a half away from Ogilvie - no excuses.  5 stars for food and service, 3 for seating - parties of two sometimes get wedged in-between guests, requiring other guests to be bothered if you need to get up.  For me this was a minor incivility, but I wasn't the one being asked to temporarily part from a bite of my chestnut-bacon dumplings!I loved every dish here. Don't even want to list what I got because I feel like whoever made my food, I'd enjoy anything they made. It's that good.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I ALWAYS make it a point to go there when I'm in town.  The menu changes from time to time so I never get bored from eating there too much.  Currently on my list of favorite things to eat there is the "deluxe" focaccia with cheese and truffle oil and the wood fired pizza with anchovies.  They also make the most amazing paella but it's not on the menu right now.  Not only is the food fantastic, it's also a really fun place to hang out.  The wines are yummy and the servers are cool.  It's communal seating so you can chat up a storm with your neighbors or at least use them as conversation pieces.AVEC is a small, sleek,sophisticated not-so-small small plate sharing kind of place.  If that makes any sense! It's very cozy, crowded, and the food is yum! Believe the hype and go!I'm not really sure why everyone is so obsessed with Blackbird, because I think Avec is where it's at between those two. The restaurant has a great vibe, and the food (chorizo-stuffed dates, pork shoulder, etc.) is really great. My group of four also got out of there for 30 each, which is a total steal. The four stars is because our table took 90 minutes, during which we were passed over multiple times for older, more rich look groups of four. Totally serious. So dress well, I guess, because you could be waiting a while. But it's worth it. Probably.I did not like this restaurant that much.  I really don't know what all the hype is about.  My best friend took me there with her boyfriend and a few people we know from college and I was not impressed.  I had some chicken dish that I thought had way too much fat on the chicken and it was gross.  It was crowded here and you have to sit next to people you don't even know.  I can deal with that at a bar, but at a restaurant, I want my own table and space to enjoy my dinner and chat comfortably with my friends.  I would recommend this place for if you want to have appetizers and drinks but not dinner.  I would rather eat somewhere that has better food and more room if I'm going out for dinner.  The waitress also wasn't very friendly and I thought she was a little bit snoody.Delicious-ness! Great staff, amazing tapas at a very good price. I higly reccomend the chorizo wrapped dates & the foccacia pizza.Great food and good service - I would go back agaianToo many reviewers already. I'll just give my rating.The food was fantastic. Enjoyed the communal table and our server was excellent. My girlfriend has a severe gluten allergy which is often a hurdle but our server knew the menu well and took the extra step to check with the kitchen regarding any hidden gluten. I missed out on the medjool dates but the pork shoulder was amazing. It was like a richer take on bouillabaise. We had a couple small plates but I can't remember them at the moment. One was a squid, the other I guess is overshadowed by the later additions!Hands down one of my favorite places to dine at in Chicago. The food is awesome. The service is great. The atmosphere is always very enjoyable. Of course you've got to get some 'dates'. Also, be sure to have your server help you explore their wonderful wine list.I have been to Avec a handful of times over the last 18 months.  The food is always of top quality but some dishes are much better than others.  Look to the service staff to guide you on what's best to order.  If you go on Friday or Saturday, the wait can be extremely long as they do not take reservations, however, they typically quote a longer wait time and seat you 20-30 min earlier.  The community seating takes a while to get used to, I have found sitting at the bar actually allows for more privacy than the tables.I know that Avec is long over due for a yelp review from me, because my favorite server always recognizes me. This place has a ton of yelp reviews, so I don't have much to add that hasn't been said already. I know there are so many places to eat in Chicago, but I keep coming back here because I know I'll get a great meal.get the octopus, the beet salad, the squash beef thingie, and the espresso gelato....staff is super friendly, and the atmosphere is communal if you wanna meet new people. otherwise you can sit at the bar with your friends and chill there.dishes are unique and definitely worth it to come back again.i go to avec 2-3 times a month. this place is just too delicious to not go. the food is just hands down amazing. everytime i go, i always get the foccacia pizza and bacon wrapped dates. the foccacia pizza has i think ricotta which just melts in your mouth and the sea salt and truffle oil just enhances the flavors. it seriously is an orgasm in your mouth. who doesnt love bacon wrapped anything. the dates are stuffed with delicious chorizo and has a bit of a spicy kick to it. they have an amazing wine list so take advantage of it! i love the communal seating, i know some people may not be comfortable with sitting with strangers. this place is not the place for a quiet romantic date, definitely suited for a casual date setting. it can get a bit hectic and loud because the restaurant is small, but i i think it gives it so much character.OK, my real rating is 3.5 stars. First off the food. Yes the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates gave me a food orgasm. Heck even the olive plate was some of the best I ever had along with the delicious bread to soak up all the oil. The harissa marianted rouget was a great piece of fish. The braised pork shoulder with sausage and tongue was just not good. It tasted like hot deli meat doused with mustard. Regretted ordering.Now on to the atmosphere. I can deal with crowds and understand that will make it loud, but do we need to compete with the trance music blasting? And again, just not a fan of communal seating. But we only waited 40 minutes on a Fr night at 7 for a seat. We headed over to Meiji for a drink and they called us when our table was ready. And for eating on Randolph, I found it a great value with very affordable wines. I'm glad Timeout has the chorizo-date recipe in it. Gonna tackle that dish at home this week.Arrived at 6:30 with a friend for dinner on a Thursday. Avec doesn't take reservations but we were seated quite quickly in one of the few open spots left (in-between two parties, sharing the same table). They don't take reservations and it's clear why- they don't need to (the small, yet efficiently run restaurant was packed) and they simply can't afford to let space go to waste waiting on a reservation to show. They use every inch of space in that place and I mean inch. If you are someone who requires a certain amount of personal space, you will not enjoy your time at Avec. So the food- a lean selection of small and large plates, all expertly prepared and intended to share. My companion insisted we have the shaved Brussels sprouts salad (I hate, hate, hate Brussels sprouts but agreed to try it) and it was my favorite dish of the night. A very complex dish- lemon, mint, dill, and other flavors working together for a unique taste: crisp and zesty. Perfect for a summer evening. We followed that with the bacon-wrapped-chorizo-filled dates. They were very large due to the stuffing. I have a long standing love affair with bacon-wrapped dates so this dish was not to be missed. I do admit I was a bit disappointed that the chorizo became the main flavor here, but they were delicious none the less and filling. We finished our meal with the deluxe focaccia with truffle oil. It was simply decedent deliciousness. I will say that living a 95% veggie lifestyle most of the time made it a bit tough for me to stomach these rich, not-quite-as-healthy foods but it was a much enjoyed treat. We shared a bottle of wonderfully crisp white wine from their wine list. A wine enthusiast friend of mine warns to never spend over $25 for a bottle, but there were not too many options on Avec's list to meet that price, so expect to spend but also enjoy.  And that's what we did.Service was fast and friendly. Decor, modern minimalist; which went well with the food and general upscale ambiance. If you're visiting Avec, expect to enjoy a great food experience, but also expect to pay for it. These people know what they're doing.This place is awesome!  Their dishes are very inventive, well executed and reasonably priced.  I think they call it Avec because they really know how different flavor profiles work "avec" each other.  For example, the dates "avec" chorizo "avec" smoked bacon "avec" piquillo sauce really blew me away.  Their wine list reasonably priced with interesting wines from France, Italy, Spain and Portugal.  After a week in Chicago, this was the best value restaurant.Really exceeds your expectations with the hype, even expecting it to be nothing less than amazing. (Except maybe the dessert and pastries options, sad.)holy cow, this place rocks my face off.  after 3 exhausting days at lollapalooza, a friend took me to avec.  what an amazing way to end the weekend!!!best 2 things we ordered - chorizo stuffed dates with bacon, and the foccacia with taleggio cheese.  i ate both of those very, very slowly because i wanted the taste to stay in my mouth for as long as possible.  the vibe is pretty casual/hipster.  the waitstaff are a little more laid back than the prices might make you think they should be.  not that this is a super expensive meal, but it's certainly not cheapy.  on a strange, and sad note...avec is temporarily closed due to a fire.  hopefully they'll be up and running again, because i can't imagine how chicagoans are functioning without this eatery.  www3.timeoutny.com/chica…I normally don't wait to be seated at a restaurant, at least not more than for a few minutes. In this place we waited for about 45 minutes and it was worth it. The food was incredibly delicious, the service was great too and the atmosphere was laid back. I really liked it.Tried to come the other day, but temporarily closed :(I was very disappointed,  I had ;1) pork shoulder= bland, beans undercooked, lack of acidity in tomatillo broth.2) whipped brandade= unimaginative, looked broken as if cod and potato separated.3) hanger steak= meh4) chicken dish = ok5) chorizo dates= good6) desserts were as imaginative as if a six year old had created them and plated by a two year old. Horrible shards of chocolate and brittle.  Chocolate crepe, nutella and mascarpone.  No textural difference, no wow.Very surprised that this place gets so many accolades.Seriously... what can I say that others have not already said?  OK - so I'll repeat the sentiments of others.  1.  Chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates, topped with a mysteriously spicy yet sweet at the same time brown sugar marinara type sauce.  2.  Large craft beer selection.  Stop looking, and go there!I went here early (6 pm) on a Saturday for a birthday dinner with a group of 5. There are no reservations, so we planned accordingly by showing up early, leaving our name and number, and headed to Sepia for some custom cocktails. An hour later, we got our call and were immediately seated. We had a great server who made some wonderful wine pairing recommendations. My personal plate favorites included the wood-oven roasted pork shoulder with smoked ham hock, braised appaloosa beans, charred salsa verde and spiced carrots as well as the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce.  It's going to be a leisurely pace, it's going to be tight, so go into the experience open to talking to your neighbor, making it the highlight of your evening and plan to spend some time there. You will enjoy your experience.The atmosphere is perfect if you are feeling social. The lighting it a little bright. I've never have any complaints about the menu.Love the food and the open concept. No reservations and the hostess will tell you the wait is an hour but that actually means two and a half. The food is amazing and totally worth the wait IMO. It really is a foodie heaven but unless you can tolerate a long wait, communal dining, and the concept of small and big plates, this might not be the place for you. I still have dreams about the oven roasted pork.  Skip desert and enjoy the wine list.  Be warned the staff is a bit pretensions, but IMO the food makes up for it.This is one of my favourite sunday brunch spots in the city hands down! They don't offer your typical boring breakfast fare though ie. toast, eggs, waffles, benedicts etc.  Think more along the lines of their dinner items tweek'd for brunch.   To start off I had their espresso and Bloody Mary (HIGHLY RECOMMEND) which was perfectly seasoned, spiced (had a decent kick!), not overly boozy and came with a small side of belgium beer (Yay!).   Now onto a yummy Oyster mushroom salad topped with sliced hard boiled eggs and their 12 inch pizza topped with lessa (pancetta), over easy eggs, flat leaf parsley and some other toppings which i forget, sorry...was busy devouring this absolutely delicious "bfast" pizza that was surprisingly light.  Overall great food, great drinks, great food.  I was a very happy camper and felt like i had the bfast of champions lol.  Can't wait to return!OMG - I am still dreaming about the the foccacia with Taleggio cheese and truffle oil. Unfortunately, they don't take reservations so I hardly ever go. Who has that much time to wait around for dinner?My favorite restaurant. That is all! Plus, all their wines are delish!Meh. Overall I've had much better food at more reasonable prices. In other words, there's more hype than hail here. The foccaccia with the cheese, ricotta, truffle oil (etc.) was really good....very hard to resist. The next table had given it to us when we sat down because they had ordered way too much food to accommodate dessert---which was what they were after. The chorizo-stuffed dates were good, but not something I'd go home and have recurring dreams about. There was a really good salad I had there---and I think it was the one with the trout, but for some reason I don't remember the trout. Sorry for the lame review. I just know that there are yummier places to dine and dream about that will leave your wallet much fatter and happy than you will be if you're searching for the rainbow here.i walked in and almost walked out, thinking i had just stepped into a sauna with bright lighting. it's a little weird setting for a restaurant, but that's what makes avec different. it's wooden all over, bright as hell (for a restaurant at dinner time) and long tables are the only seating they have available - so it's like ron of japan or benihana, you will overhear your dinner neighbors all night or they will overhear your convo. they don't take reservations - so be prepared to wait at the very small bar and waiting space that they have. they have a long bar to chill at, but it's usually full. we got a table about 10 minutes after we got there - or should i say, we got a spot at the edge of the table - not too long after we had ordered our drink from the waitress/coat check guy. random, but it works. it's small mediterranean small plates - but the plates are not that small and they really do fill you up. if you LIKE BREAD like me, you'll LOVE LOVE LOVE the foccacia with cheese and truffle oil - i could not stop eating this, it was so f'in bread-tastic - good bread is something i cannot turn down, especially with cheese, damn! we also ordered the dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with chorizo, those were tasty (one of my favorite spanish tapas too). we also got the goose sausage, which was good at first...but then i started picturing geese and i lost my appetite for that - boyfriend continued to eat and it didn't bother him! the one thing i didn't care for was the whitefish, too fishy and it was in a red sauce - i hate when chefs drown chicken, fish or whatever in red sauce. we missed out on the cheese plates - they looked great! the dessert we ordered, we thought was chocolate something - not just chocolate pieces like a candy bar, but it was fine, just deceiving by it's hip name. overall avec is great and for those looking for different kinds of food, check this out. question: do geese know that they are being hunted? who knew they provided sausage...I'm not a Chicago restaurant regular, but this place was a real nice classy place. Wine selection was superb and the tapas hit the spot for something light. The service was near perfect as they came by often enough to helpful but not pushy. I'd go back next time I'm in town.Love this place. Sure you probably have to wait for a table, but it is def worth the wait. Food is outstanding as is wine list. Cannot wait for their new restaurant to open. I went with a group of eight and I think we ordered  everything on the small plates menu. They run a seasonal menu so when I was there last they had a hearty braised pork roast. It was outstanding. The stuffed dates are always a hit and the wood fired pizza is one of the best I have had. Love the open kitchen. Too bad the cooks were not on the menu. Love Love Love this place.Nothing to add, Avec just adds to the fact that Chicago is/is becoming (depending on your disposition) a destination restaurant for top notch cuisine. Although Avec can be on the pricey side, for what you get it is by far one of the best deals in the city, ranking up easily with $100pp and up prix fix experiences that are far too stuffy anyway.My cousin and I went here for dinner friday night. This place is amazing!! Its pricey but worth every penny. Loved the decor, simple and sleek. Kind of reminded me of a sauna. All the plates that we tried were so good. Make sure you get the chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. It was like a taste explosion in your mouth! I could eat those all day! My mouth is watering just thinking about it...Great food, but the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired. I went during the week for dinner and I think that's the best time. No wait and we ended up sitting at the bar. Overall it was a great restaurant and one that I would definitely go to again. The chef even personally brought out a couple of our dishes. Nice touch. And great wine selections and recommendations.Came here when I went to visit my sister in Chicago.  I really wanted to try Koren Grievson's restaurant after seeing her on Top Chef and reading all the raving reviews of this place. They don't take reservations so when we got there had to wait close to an hour in light drizzling rain.  But all was forgiven once we got seated and the excitement of what to order won us over. We got flatbread, chorizo stuffed dates and wood oven braised pork.  EVERYTHING was delicious, innovative and party in my mouth with strong bold flavors.  Really flavors I have never experienced before.  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite and was so happy but saddened by the fact that I can't come here whenever I wish...being that I live in LA.   And for this quality food, price is very fair.To top it all, I saw chef Grievson and it really impressed me how hard working she was.  There wasn't a moment she was just ordering her staff around.  She was busy doing whatever needed work...even sweeping...and the whole time we were there, she was working.  You can tell her love and soul is in this restaurant...very respectable.so cute, so good, so CROWDED! It's a shame there aren't more places with the atmosphere of Avec. It there were, this place wouldn't be so overly crowded. Seriously though, the small plates are really great. If you're in a fickle mood and think you can't make a dinner selection, you should come here and get 4 small plates instead.We ate here on a last minute whim late on a Sunday. We ordered the Chorizo stuffed dates with bacon (huge golf ball size x 4), the Shredded fennel, Brussels sprout, Parmesan and brown butter vinaigrette (don't let the Brussels sprout scare you!) and the pork shoulder (huge!). All were fantastic and ended up being a lot of food for two people (my boyfriend can eat a ton and he couldn't finish). They paired a beer for him and he loved it (can't remember the name of it). This place is really cute and simply elegant but you could go in jeans and a nice top.All wooden room is very cool, looks kinda like a sauna. We sat at the bar and shared a few plates of really good, very rich food. The trofie pasta that night had duck, pancetta and sardines on it and was soooooo good! It was even good the next day as I ate it out of the to go box while driving! The service was good, a little too hurried at times. One of our plates was removed when it still had food on it... they did, however, make a new dish for us.This place was fantastic!  It's very busy but they seem to be very adept at getting people in/out without much fuss.  There's an outdoor patio where you can sit if you have to wait (they don't take reservations).  The dates, as expected, were outstanding and the pork shoulder was deeeeeeelicious.  The service was very good without being overly attentive.  I will absolutely go back...and bring friends!  We had two "large plates" and 2 "small plates" for the two of us and it was plenty.  Add in a bottle of wine ($70..on the high-end for Avec) and a great large (750ml) bottle of Spanish beer....and the bill was STILL about $160.After reading the vast reviews of this place my boyfriend and I decided to eat here to see what the buzz is all about.  I was annoyed with the fact that there is absolutely no privacy when you dine here, you are literally a foot away from people that you don't know sitting right next to you and eating off the same table. We ordered the Chorizo stuffed dates and that I had to admit was delicious it was the first dish to be served and sadly the best.  The second dish to come was the wood oven braised pork shoulder it was neither good nor bad but definitely what I expected from the $21 price tag.Third dish was some sort of sausage dish (I don't think that it's on the menu anymore) which  was served undercooked.  I told the waiter and he told me that it should be cooked all way (even though the pork was still pink and raw), but he did gladly take it back and served me a new one.To finish of this meal we ordered their homemade chocolate which was not bad.The whole non satisfying meal cost us $110 .I do not regret coming here the food was different but I definitely do not plan on becoming back.I enjoyed my experience at Avec.  The food was good/acceptable; not spectacular.We went on a Wednesday night; we gave our name and only had to wait 30 minutes (which I thought was great considering I've heard of 2 hour waits since they don't take reservations).  We went next door and got a drink; they called our cell phone when they were ready for us.The staff was uber pleasant.  They were very personable; they actually seem happy to see you.Overall the food was good.  Amongst three people we had:-The Chorizo Stuffed Dates wrapped in Bacon: This was good; maybe not to die for as some say though.  It had heat, nothing overwhelming.  This dish probably had the most diverse flavor profile of all the dishes we had.  I would get this again.-Sunchoke crostini:  This was good.  It's light.  It was nice to have greens to cut the heaviness of the other items we had.-Bolognese Pasta: This was enjoyable, but nothing to write home about.  It was made well but still seemed to be a standard issue bolognese.  The fresh pasta seemed homemade; still, not earth shattering or anything.-The Flatbread with Pheasant Sausage: This was probably the most underwhelming entree we had.  It was prepared nicely; but still it was very ordinary.  It's very similar in style to something you might get at Quartino.-The Pork Cheeks:  I enjoyed this.  The cheeks were very tender.  If anything was wrong with them they might have been slightly dry.  They're served over kishka; which was good.Something I really appreciated about the entrees that included bread was that attention was obviously paid to the quality of the bread.  The dates came with a mini country loaf; it was hot out of the oven.  The crostini used a baguette cut on the bias; the crumb was excellent, the crust was pleasantly crisp.Unfortunately, after our entrees I felt like we fell off the waitstaff's radar.  We ordered dessert, and instead of the dessert we were given the bill.  After we pointed this out it took a while to get the dessert.  Then when it came it was really disappointing.The chocolate lava cake was bad.  Instead of being warm, firm on the outside and runny on the inside; it was like eating a dense lukewarm brownie topped with average ice cream.  This was a letdown; especially after the ordeal of trying to get it.The only other thing that really bugged me was when we ordered a bottle of wine for the table; the bottle came to the table already open.  I imagine this establishment is honest and no one died as a result of the incident; but this is just Wine Service 101.  If the bottle we ordered had been more expensive; I would have been pissed and would have said something.You wouldn't like this place if you don't like tapas, loud conversations around you, sitting at the same table as other people you don't know (and having to get up for them if they need to leave), or hard wooden seats.For me though, I would return.  For the quality offered it's a pretty good deal.  With a modestly priced bottle of wine we spent a little under $40 a person after tax before tip.  This would be a fun place to take a small group from out of town.  It's cozy; but still alive with activity.excellent. best mussels I have ever had in the world. My only gripe is the lack of space. To say you are elbow to elbow with the party next to you is an understatement.been here a million times, yet have never reviewed it. too much pressure of what to say and how to say it. but i might as well just do it. to start, it is my absolute favorite place to eat in chicago. if someone from out of town said, "if there is one place i should eat while i'm in chicago, where should it be?." i would reply, without question or thought, "avec."it's almost impossible to get a bad dish there. we hadn't been in a month or two so last night we went and experienced their somewhat new menu. it didn't disappoint. here's what we had last night:the dates (ridiculous as usual. we can't go here without ordering them)the focaccia (also a must order for us. love it)the brandade (amazing)the sirloin (one of our least favorites of the night, but still great)the chicken (best chicken i've had since i can remember)the pork shoulder (love love love it. fall of the bone yummy)the lamb pasta (wonderful. one of my favs this time)the laughing shrimp (our least favorite dish of the evening. but still good)the rhubarb crisp with sour cream ice cream (delicious!)i have to say i miss the shaved brussels sprout salad. it was on their menu last year, but haven't seen it in some time. i'd love for them to bring it back!for the atmosphere, it's my ideal place. probably not for everyone, but for me, its spot on. its communal dining and generally pretty loud. its not great for large groups because you a) won't be able to get a seat very easily and b) won't be able to hear each other once you do. but if you have 4-5 people or less, its wonderful. its super lively and i always love their music selection. so the moral of this story is - go there.also, a big congrats to chef koren for winning best chef - great lakes at the james beard awards. definitely would get my vote.Since they've opened, I've been numerous times for late lunches, dinners, and midnight meals. I've never been disappointed. Another reason why I think Paul Kahan's gonna rule Chicago dining scene real soon, if he isn't already!Tonight was my ninth time at Avec, so I feel quite comfortable in rating Avec among the best food and dining experiences not just in Chicago but anywhere on Planet Earth  In the past I have had the stuffed dates, which are a subject covered adequately by numerous reviewers.  One of these days I hope to clone them at home, they are that good.  And my mom makes really good home-made chorizo.  This time, however, the appetizer of choice was the blood sausage (morcilla).  Morcilla is close to my heart.  When I was a young attorney in Caracas, I ate morcilla every other day.  Moreover, I come from a Mexican city where morcilla was made by Republican refugees from the Spanish Civil War, so the standard is sky high.  While the morcilla of Avec was not a three-standard-deviation event, it definitely was among the best I have had, whether it be in in comparison to Burgos, Leon, Bilbo, Gasteiz, Madrid, Caracas, Mexico City, Buenos Aires or Tijuana.  The crispy rainbow trout was also stupendous tonight, and the diner next to me, a Wharton MBA from Mali, who also ordered the trout, thought likewise (Avec truly draws an international and discriminating crowd.  The last time I was here, in mid-February, I made friends with a Hindu U of Chicago PhD candidate in marketing and his close friend, a U of Chicago first-year MBA student from Brazil -- we closed the place down discussing the finer points of why people buy warranties for consumer products.  Tonight, among the persons waiting patiently and with very good humor for a table was one of the city's top equity portfolio managers). I appreciate that Avec almost always carries an Eizaguirre Txakoli not often found in USA Spanish or tapas restaurants.  I hope they will soon add a Russian River Pliny the Elder offering amongst the fabulous beers, as it would stand up well to the more flavorful items on the menu.  I should mention that all of the waiters and waitresses are quite familiar with each offering, VERY agile on their feet, and friendly.  There were so many good people waiting for a table at Avec this Monday evening that I moved along as fast as I could to Blackbird next door for dessert. Before I left, the empresario Donny Madia, looking very smart in ebony rimmed glasses and a Moncler beige jacket with crimson trim, stopped by to say hello and spent way more time than he should have inquiring about the experience.   Where does that happen nowadays in America?Ah I still like this place. The service has gotten better. We came around 5:30 on a Sat, and they didn't get busy until around 6. The dates and pork shoulder still tasted good among others (even the glorified spaghetti), but I was hoping for an updated menu. It's nice to have the reliability I guess, even if it's a little boring by now.atmosphere- really cool, but very tight confinesfood- really good, but almost TOO esoteric in that i almost had no idea what the hell was going on in each dish. i dont even remember what we ordered, but all of it was really good- nothing blew my mind. i almost thought the food was a bit too rich. service- this is where i really started dinging points. i know that this is a hot place, but really, RUSHING people to leave?? not cool. we're paying customers, we should be able to sit there and eat in peace. we were by far not the kind of customers to just sit there and not do anything which i believe you can sorta push out b/c they're just hogging space. the waitress and bus people kept on asking us to shift chairs b/c we had an odd number of people, and then literally taking our plates away before we even finish them. very annoying. and very much not enjoyable. price- this place is not the best price/ value, but it's decent for a place like this. i'm just not sure how 1 hour racked into a $120 for 5 people.. we only ordered 3 small plates and no expensive bottles of wine either.My girlfriend and I had a wonderful experience here.  I read reviews for the restaurant (thanks Yelp!) and for some reason I thought it was a French restaurant.  This rather small place was obscure from view and I drove past it the first time.  I also had to squint my Asian eyes in order to see its name on the glass window.  Anyhow, I am glad I came upon this restaurant in the West Loop.  Inside, it had a unique modern look to it.  As it turns out Avec is an 'American contemporary and Mediterranean' restaurant, not French as I had been expecting.  That made little difference though because the food was excellent.  The portions looked kind of small at first glance, but it was enough to fill our stomachs.  We were recommended by a lady, who appeared to be the owner, the Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce and Wood-oven braised pork shoulder with butternut squash, puff pastry and fresh herbs.  Just the sound of it makes your mouth water.  We ordered a stew (and I cannot believe I did not take note of the name), which was also mouth watering.  The bread that came with the entrees was crispy and flavorful.  The wine also recommended to us (again I forgot the name, sadly) was delicious and complemented our food very well.  (Thanks lady for the good recs!)Avec's Taleggio Foccacio was featured in Time Out's 100 best eats in 2005.  I still plan on coming back and giving it a try.  I heard Blackbird is also owned by the same people as Avec, so I plan on giving that a try as well.One of my favorite meals in a city where I have lots of favorites.Went without a res and got seated within 20 min, after starting on a bottle of delicious Portuguese rose.  By the end...All three of us were stuffed on the following:Chorizo stuffed medjool dates with a piquillo sauce.  Spicy and smoky with the sweetness of the dates.  Wished there was more than four, but it was fantastic.Focaccia with tallegio, goat cheese, truffle, and a bunch of other goodness. About the size of a small pizza.  Crispy, tasty, awesome.Shaved Serrano ham with Campari cherries, fresh tarragon and fried milk solids for a little texture.  Recommended by the waiter and kind of heavenly.Simply amazing shaved Brussels Sprouts and fennel salad with a brown butter vinaigrette.  Crisp but with a richness from the butter that was unreal.Dessert was cheeses...I can't recall which ones, but delish, and the special, a vanilla pannacotta over a strawberry fruit compote.  I literally couldnt stop dipping my spoon in.  Light, not overly sweet and refreshing.  A perfect end.Add to the great food a fun, communal atmosphere, and one of the most reasonable wine lists I've seen (or maybe I'm just biased from the NY area) and you have a winning combo.  Soooo loved it.Dude.  Avec is amazing.  It's fun, it's lively, and it is pure delish.  We got the foccocia, the bacon wrapped dates, and the quails.  First off, this is a lot of freaking food for two people.  We also got the sparkling sherry - which was alright.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the rustic vineyard interior feel.  We sat at the bar, but unfortunately, no view of the kitchen.  It was still super fun nonetheless.  Go here.  It's worth the 40 minute wait on a Monday night.  If you need to kill time, go to Province down the street for a drink and sit at the bar.  It makes the whole experience that much more fun.  Blackbird is next on the docket.  Excited.Honestly? This has been among the best experiences of my life. Bacon-wrapped dates, pork shoulder, and definitely dessert. Wines? Just ask, they will bring them in until the cows come home. Fantastic people, fantastic product, fantastic idea.I love this spot. The Cod dip is sensational and the drink selection is expansive and very reasonable. Great food and the mood can pass as casual or more formal. You decideThe better half, his maternal unit and I independently asked friends for dining options during our evening in Chicago. When comparing our findings, the one common recommendation across all three was Avec.As we approached Avec, it felt like a cold, contemporary, urban hot spot that thinks it's better than you with it's minimalist wood planked walls and ceilings, back-lit feature wall made up of empty red and white wine bottles and architecturally-restrained communal tables and low-backed seats. However, once you're plopped amongst strangers who have to get up to provide you access to your seat in the middle of said communal table, you begin to realize that you're in for an intimate, chummy one-of-a-kind dining experience.Up until last Wednesday, I thought I knew what "communal dining" was - boy, did I need to be learned!! Initially, I was disoriented about how close we were to unfamiliar diners on all four sides! After settling into the menu and a nice bottle of wine (a Periquita - which I remember to be a smooth, tasty Spanish red), which our waitress cheerily and adeptly recommended, I acclimated to the idea of eating out of a complete stranger's lap!We were advised to order either two small plates or one large plate per person - we picked two and two (which was just right):+ Gnocchi with ramp-arugula pesto + confit shrimp - W! O! W! This ranks as one of the Top Five Dishes I've ever had in my life! This made me forget about being cramped and annoyed I could barely hear my companions. For 10 minutes, it was ALL about my tongue making love to this gnocchi. (I know: EHWWWWWW!)+ Chorizo-stuffed dates wrapped in smoked bacon - This was identified as one of Avec's "signature" items and it certainly earns the props! The chorizo-date was tender like a meatball, trying to be held together by bacon all coated in a tomato sauce with a bit of a kick.+ "Deluxe" focaccia with tageggio cheese + truffle oil - Another winner! Maybe a bit too big for three, but we certainly weren't complaining. Anything that's baked and drizzled with truffle oil is A-OK in my book. The focaccia is sliced thin, crispy and almost sandwich-like (with the gooey goodness in the middle).+ Marinated hangar steak with asparagus - My least fave of the four dinner plates. This dish certainly didn't suck, but when compared to ungodly greatness, something was bound to fall a bit short.Despite the crowd, I think this is a great place for a date night and special occasions. Be patient when waiting for seats because the food is most certainly worth your time. Avec was truly an amazing introduction to the Chicago food scene and goes down in my 34 year history as one of my best dinners.An overall great experience. Good variety in their menu and I always like the idea of shared plates.The escargots were amaaazing. I'd go back and order ten of those. The octopus solid and the cheese foccacia bread with truffle oil (can't go wrong with truffle oil) was very good. Also tried sweetbreads for the first time and our server described it perfectly, between liver and poultry. It was with a pesto sauce which was good but the beans, i felt didn't go as well with it. As a first time sweetbread taster though, have to say it was a good non-scary experience.Can't wait to go back.I was very excited to go to this place after hearing so many good things. Excitement turned to disappointment very quickly. - the wait was supposed to be 45 minutes. After an hour wait we asked how much longer and it seemed like they forgot about us. We got seated 45 minutes later - the temperature was so cold that a third of the restaurant was wearing their jackets. The staff turned off the air once, but it was back on in 10 minutes. It was very cold outside and very cold inside. - the food was ok. Not terrible but not very good. Two of the dishes were served cold (and not supposed to be)I would recommend skipping this place. Its over hyped.so it's wednesday, the second full day of my honeymoon and we decided on a whim to go to AVEC, since it got so much hype.  we were not disappointed.  we got three small dishes and one large dish.  we failed to get the signature dates filled with chorizo...we may go back just for this...the prosciutto with grapefruit, mint, cucumber, onion and gin vinaigrette was really really really yummy.  it was tart, sweet, and savory all at once.   my only complaint is that i'm not a fan of the shared table.  i'm not the most sociable person...i'm sure i've been described as down right snobby...i just couldn't stand having to listen to the two married businessmen sitting next to us talk shit about women and about how much money they are making.  anyways, the food was great and our waitress was very attentive.  i hope we'll have time to go back for the chorizo stuffed dates!holy food coma! the food here really truly is amazing. right down from the asparagus crostini to the prosciutto with cucumber. as i looked over the menu i felt like my inner tapeworm was coming out and taking full control of my ordering abilities.i kid you not when i say my boyfriend and i feasted like no other, and for only $69 you cant go wrong.  our waitress was also a doll and new the menu very well.so were'd the 5th star go you ask...well you see the hostess stole it with her "holier than thou" attitude. yes avec does have communial seating and thats ok, however, the snooty attitude/tone the hostess took up with me when asking me to move so someone could sit next to me wasnt. it was either ask me, an early 20's girl covered in tattoos, already squeezed in her seat because someone was not only sitting in the other booth to her right but they had also placed an extra chair at the edge of the table to accomidate the other tables party of 3 or the early 40's man who was very business looking  and who had no one sitting to his left to move so this woman could squeeze inbetween us.....so gues who she asked, very condescendingly i might add....me? because that makes total sense. i sat there for a second just looking at her, mouth open, thinking what does this woman want me to do hop over the table? because that was clearly the easiest option for me. even the business looking guy  gave the hostess an "are you serious" look and instead got up himself to let the woman pass.so take note avec! i know im not the 1st review from a 20 somethin on here to mention how they felt the hostess spoke to them based on what they looked like/age group. not cool not coolKiller food, great vibe, best of Chicago for sure.Sat at the bar after a pleasant 2 hour/2 bottle of wine wait. Nice spanish-inspired fare, prepared in a top-notch wood-fired oven. Another great place to hit when you're in Chicago.avec has pretty much ruined all tapas/wine bars/new American restaurants for me. Every time I'm at one of these other places, I realize I should have just gone to avec instead, as I would have probably paid a comparable amount and enjoyed it much more.This is basically the poor man's Blackbird.  But wow, if being poor means eating at Avec, I'll take it any day.  The restaurant has some fantastic dishes served in tapas style portions.  The chorizo stuffed dates are a must try.  We actually didn't know this until we looked around and realized EVERY table had an order, and we decided to follow suit.  It was not a move we regret.  The rest of the menu changes often as it is seasonal, but they're all equally delicious.What makes Avec one of the most unique restaurants is the camaraderie you develop with your fellow tablemates.  The word avec means  'with' in French, and you are certainly eating 'with' many people.  The restaurant has several long benches that seat 6, and unless you're incredibly antisocial (in which case you wouldn't like this atmosphere anyway), you'll not only get to know the people around you, but the food they're eating as well.  We ended up having a wonderful conversation with 2 ER docs from Connecticut who were here for conference, and shared much of our food together.  It made for not only one of the more interesting dinnertime conversations we have had in awhile (after all, wouldn't you get sick of eating with the same person and talking about the same stuff all the time? i kid, i kid), but also one of the most delicious meals we have had as well.  This is a must-taste/must-experience restaurant in Chicago.  As a bonus, if they seat you at the counter next to the kitchen, you get to see all the magic.  Word of caution, they don't take reservations and the wait can be long.  However, it is well worth your time, we guarantee it.This restaurant is really a good value for the quality of their food, but is not  very fancy or should I say uncomfortable? I just felt like I was cramped with a whole bunch of people in a sauna room and that service was a little slow.; but again, the food was awesome, and for that caliber you will pay twice as much in a comfortable Restaurant, so you decide depending on your budget....Chorizo Stuffed Medjool Dates - YES. I have to admit my girlfriends and I were about to pass it up since it just sounded like every other dish... but alas, YES, get it. Don't turn back - just get it.Other great dishes that you MUST get: Housemade sausage (so tender inside!), Roasted chicken (seriously.. thought this could have been a bomb - I live in California - Roast Chicken is common and overdone - but alas, so good - very flavorful - really a blend of all the places the chef has cooked globaly at), English pea crostini (love english peas and mint!), tomato braised cuttlefish (perfect texture)Good dishes, but not great: Whipped brandade, Laughing Shrimp (would definitely not get them over the above)Nothing was executed horribly - just other shined more than others. Great atmosphere, great food, great company.. Can't go wrong there!Will be back (next time I'm in Chicago)...Ok, I've seen all these great reviews and finally tried Avec. To me, it's just OK, not great! They don't take reservations and the place is always packed. You have to either go early evening to beat everybody in line or go later on at night. The food is good but I'm not hooked. The shape of the restaurant is in rectangular shape and all wood and concrete so it bonces noise around. It's really really noisy in there so I wouldn't recommend for date or girl talk dinners.I will admit I slept on this place way too long.  The food is absolutely amazing!  The dates and hanger steak are personal faves.  We had to order a second hanger steak on our first visit!  The whole fish is really great as well.  Avec served up the best meal I have had in a long time.  And it's not expensive at all for the quality of food.  Definitely try to grab seats at the bar if there's only two of you.  My first visit here was on my birthday.  My girlfriend and I sat at the bar by the kitchen which provided a great view of the chefs in action.  Chef Elliott was incredibly nice and hooked us up with chocolate and sparkling wine for dessert.  Then, we went back about a month later and he sent us a delicious off the menu crostini.  Thanks Elliott!  The entire staff is incredibly gracious and unpretentious.  Avec is a must try.hear a lot of good things about this place ... and was very disappointed yes, the food is good, but the ambiance and prices feel waaay to high class for me. not the "basque" as i know from ... pais basqueI love Avec.  It is one of my top five favorite restaurants in Chicago.  I love everything about it.  The service is top-notch, the food is excellent, the interior and concept are cohesive and aesthetically pleasing, and it's not that expensive.  Don't get me wrong, it's not going to be a cheap meal but you're going to pay at least twice as much next door at Blackbird (also totally worth it). I've been to Avec several times and have always had to wait a bit for a table.  (Coming from New York, this isn't a big deal for me.)  The time is easily passed with a glass of wine or bubbles from their excellent (and varied) wine list.  All of the food I've had there is wonderful.  Standouts include the ever-so-famous dates, the shaved cauliflower, and the  skate.  I've dined with three other people each time I've come.  It's great to have more than two so you can share more items.  That said, I'm sure any date would be thrilled to dine here.Really good food.... really really good.  The salmon and the stuffed dates were pretty good and the flat bread was excellent.  Also a nice wine list.Avec's array of inventive dishes merits five stars. But the shared plates at shared tables, served in a shoebox with the conversation dialed up to 11, cost a star. It's really time for tapas-style dining to end. Works great for Chinese food or pizza, but how do you divide three meatballs among five people?I was taken aback when my friend told us to meet for dinner at 5pm, around the time, when the restaurant opens because they don't take reservations and the lines can be really long. The line was indeed long and I think we waited for a table for 20 minutes for a party of 4. Since we expected it, I was fine but I still don't like the communal table dining concept. We could barely hear each other talk and if I spoke too loudly, I felt like the party next to us could hear every word in our conversation. The food was good especially the infamous bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates but everything else wasn't as impressive as I anticipated. We ordered 5 small plates including the prosciutto, foccacia, whitefish and a salad all of which were good but in my opinion, not fantastic.An open kitchen, exceptionally professional service, the creative menu that left my taste buds wanting more and more and a great atmosphere with knowledgeable staff.I had big plans to try Avec for quite some time.  It was suppose to be the last destination in my so-called "Paul Kahan" tour. And this summer, the day before I planned on going, Avec catches on fire and shuts down for many many moons. C'est tragique!  But, it's finally back open and guess who was there to welcome it back. Yup, me.  Worth the many months of waiting? Well let me tell you:We came here on a Friday night fairly earlier than we usually eat, around six pm, since the restaurant doesn't take reservations.  It was already packed, but luckily we were seated almost right away.  We had the most lovely and attentive waitress.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that bottles of wine are very reasonably priced.  As for the food it was great.  And each dish was constantly delicious as each plate arrived.  I came here with three others and we settled on three large plates (foccacia with cheese and truffle oil, pork shoulder, and pappardelle), and four small plates (chorizo stuffed dates, poached tuna, pan seared shrimp, and the waygu coulotte).  It was slightly more food than we needed, but everything was so delicious that we couldn't stop eating so it was fine.  Food coma was worth it.  I can't say which dish was my favorite, because I'm a fan of all of them, but I will say that the waygu is one reason I'm glad I'm not a vegetarian.  The space is very small and narrow.  It's a slight annoyance if one sits on the benches that are against the wall.  If someone from the same table or a neighboring table needs to get up or sit back down, then everyone on that side needs to get up and let him/her out.  But the food and service were excellent, so it's no dice.  I like the minimalist design of the interior and the loud atmosphere.  It makes it feel very unpretentious. The open kitchen is pretty cool as well, but sitting facing towards the kitchen definitely made me extra hungry as I watched the go by. Avec is worth trying for anyone with a refined palette, and very deserving of all their raves and accolades. Mission accomplished.The best thing I ate in this little wooden rectangle was the focaccia with taleggio cheese, truffle oil and fresh herbs.  You see it come straight from the oven and it leaves a lasting impression on your tongue. Fantastic. Fun place with a group to share plates with.loved avec. everything i got here was amazing. my favorite was the pork shoulder that was steaming hot and loaded with flavors. a great reminder of what real men should be eating (none of that panzee vegan imitation pork crap). the other small dishes were also very good. i recommend going early if you don't want to wait too long. but you can always grab a drink and wait.my boyfriend and i tried avec for a saturday date night a couple of weeks ago. fully expecting a long wait standing cramped inside the tiny doorway, we were very pleasantly surprised when the host got our phone number and sent us down the street for a drink at the lounge of a nearby sushi restaurant. about an hour later, we were sat at the bar and greeted with friendly service. though not the most attentive server (the place was PACKED and you could tell she was busy), she was friendly and helpful. we had an antipasti, the stuffed dates, and the pork shoulder. the dates were delicious, but i think almost too much for just two people. the taste is so strong that i was only good for one. i'd suggest budgeting one date per person if you're going to order them as a starter. the pork shoulder on the other hand....i could eat all day long. the preparation/presentation in the dutch oven with the delightful broth and greens reminded me of an upscale version of things my mom used to make for me growing up (pot roast, pork and cabbage boil, etc).  the pork was so tender and not dry at all. seriously SO delicious. i also had a cappuccino to finish out the meal and that was terrific as well. i can't wait to go back to avec. it's a perfect "date night" spot as cliche as that sounds!This is the kind of place that I'd want to eat at every week. It's been a little while since I've been (I'm catching up on reviews). Had the salad with the walnuts, a chorizo appetizer, the pork shoulder, and a chicken dish.. All amazing. The beer selection was great too.. Make sure you're in the mood to befriend random strangers eating next to you, it's crowded.must eat at for Chicago, without a doubt.  Very welcoming atmosphere and hosts, amazing decor and even more amazing tasting food.  Prices are avarage, well worth what you get.  The Chorizo stuffed dates as well as the pork shoulder are must try items.I've never go anywhere without scoping out the good eats. When my bf and I decided to take an extended weekend trip to Chicago, first thing I did was research all the places I wanted to eat. Obviously in 3 days we didn't get to go everywhere on my list, but Avec made the cut and I'm glad it did. Per many Yelp reviews as well as the recommendation of our waitress we went with the favorites: focaccia, chorizo stuffed dates, hanger steak, pork shoulder, as well as a cherry tomato and kale antipasto we threw in. By far the focaccia and the dates were the highlights of the evening. Focaccia - so simple but so freaking tasty! The cheese, the truffle oil, the herbs, everything in perfect proportions. I could have just eaten this and walked away happy. Then on to the dates- I mean sweet and salty wrapped with bacon how could that not be delicious. A real star.  Hanger steak - well cooked but nothing extraordinary, I may or may not order again. Our last main dish  was the pork shoulder and I'm sad that we finished with this. This was the only dish that I actually considered sub par. Maybe it was an off night for the pork shoulder (others seem to rave about it) but both my bf and I were very much overwhelmed. Very tender but lacking in flavor. Even when eating a complete bite with everything else it came with it seemed like it needed copious amounts of salt or some other seasoning. Disappointing after everything else and all the good reviews. To finish finsih, we got dessert, the affogato- my bf's choice. It was good but I'd think that'd be hard to mess up. Wine list - pretty extensive and very reasonable (we got a bottle). I think for the quality of the food the prices are extremely reasonable. Overall we were really pleased with our experience here and would definitely return the next time we're in Chicago.I think about these bacon-wrapped dates about 87% more frequently than I should.  Most of my food scheming revolves around getting people to eat with me here again.We went here very early in a raining weekday so we didn't have to wait to be seated. I didn't like the communal tables, they are super small, I had no space... It was a kind claustrophobic.The waitress advised us to choose 2 small plates and 1 big plate. We ordered 3 small plates and a big one because we wanted to taste a bunch of different things.We had -squid, it's like a stew with a fennel butter on top. it was the one that I liked less, it wasn't nothing special. -chorizo, it looks meat balls involved in bacon with a pepper sauce and some bread. It was divinal. It was one of my favorites.-white fish, it was the most creative dish. The fish it was really well done, very crispy on a pistachio pure with some beets and grapefruit. It was delicious.-pork shoulder, it's a very tender meat cooked in a delicious broth wit some black beans and small pieces of bacon-lemon cake, , this one it was a little disappointing. It looks a ordinary muffin cut in 2 pieces with some ice cream. It was nothing special.We also had some Portuguese Douro wine, it was magnifique.Amazing!I'm hesitant to add to the glowing reviews in fear that it will become harder to get a table at this gem of a restaurant, but tonight's meal deserves some serious praise.Even though the menu changes constantly, our server, Marcus, knew each item down to the slightest detail. After some great wine recommendations, he brought us the heirloom tomatoes, greenbeans, and eggplant with shrimp breadcrumbs, then this amazing burrata with warm fresh bread, then a full red snapper (smiling up at us). We ended it with their "nutter butter" dessert which was as heavenly as the other courses. This may just become my new favorite restaurant in the city.Don;t be afraid to take the seats at the bar. It's a treat to watch all the creations that come out of the kitchen.I have been here twice now, and I have been impressed with just about everything I had.  My two favorites on both trips are the dates and pork shoulder.  The chorizo-stuffed dates are a must, and the pepper tomato sauce is a nice touch and very tasty.  The pork shoulder is so tender and was served with beans and reminded me almost of a variation on a cassoulet.  The wood fired squid was also really good, and underneath, there is a mix of squid, pasta, and tomato sauce.  The focaccia is a popular item, and is more like a thin sandwich with cheese in between.  It was ok, but probably something I would skip next time.  The wine list is all European, and there are some interesting beer choices including an amazing brown ale from Belgian "Mantan" which was incredibly food friendly but also quite pricey at $29 for 750 ml.  Overall, sure the space is cramp, and there are no reservations.  It's great for a group, as plates are meant to be shared here, but I would come either earlier or later.We will definitely be back next time we are in Chicago.  The  other reviews have covered most everything, so I'll be short and sweet:Cons: -We didn't really mind sharing a table with other patrons, but the bench seating means you might be forced to get up and out of your seat mid-meal so someone else can slide in next to you.  This happened to us. So a minor annoyance.- If you are looking for a place to bring kids, this is not it.  Simply too many people in a small space to accommodate children, seems to me.- The server told us to get 2 items per person (everything is family style), even the large plates.  You don't need that much food.  One large plate, one small plate and the olive side were plenty for us.Pros:-food is awesome.  Yes to the dates - Wow.  Pork shoulder was "good" but didn't live up to the hype - kinda bland - but the kielbasa that came with it was outstanding.  Olive plate had tons of variety.- great wine menu.- really cool, intimate atmosphere.- very friendly service - not uppity like you might expect for this kind of joint.Like i said, we will definitely be back...we haven't stopped talking about those dates for 3 days now!!Somebody please explain the edgy commuter lighting.  The filtered fluorescent makes the otherwise tasty food look weird, and it also makes even the loveliest patrons look florid, oily, and tired.I especially liked the spinach salad with duck fat.  The olives were just ok.  The wine selections were great.I'll only go back if I can sit at the bar, away from the awful lights over the tables.Based on the outstanding reviews already up for this place, my opinion seems a bit redundant... but since we just moved in down the street from this wonderful restaurant, I felt obliged to write a review.  What a wonderful place to grab a bite to eat or a drink after work.  The ambiance is superb -- it's a small place, but Avec makes itself cozy and inviting.  Meals are served on long, communal wooden tables which really add to the atmosphere.  But the best part of Avec? The prices! While the serving sizes aren't overwhelming (they are tapas-style, after all), the prices are pretty reasonable considering the quality of the meals.  I also give high marks for creativity -- great blends of tastes from the appetizer to the dessert.  I also love that the manager seemed to be continually circling the tables, picking up the slack for her servers and ensuring everyone was enjoying their meal.  Great experience and we'll certainly be back!Definitely not a place for a romantic date (for the space gets pretty cramped), but a great place to nosh on delicious small plates, share larger plates and have a good bottle of wine with friends.  The chorizo-stuffed dates alone deserve 5 stars ... I wish I could order a bowl of them and shovel them down like a bowl of cereal.I don't think there is anything I can really say about the dates that hasn't already been said...they're great.  But I think I liked the Taleggio cheese focaccia even more.  I really enjoyed the assortment of salumi as well although I don't know how you can go wrong with some top notch cured meats.  If there was a weak spot in the meal it was the flank steak, not that it was bad, it just wasn't as impressive or interesting as the dates or the focaccia.  Also, I really enjoy the communal style seating at Avec.  Overall, everything was really well done, from the atmosphere to the food, and I'll definitely be going back to Avec in the near future.Avec is hands-down one of my absolute favorite restaurants to dine at in the city.  The restaurant has a very minimalistic look to it-- wood panels, benches, and tables.  There has always been at least an hour wait while dining there, since they do not take any reservations.  I say that its worth the wait!  It would be convenient if they had a waiting room.  Everything that I tried there is such a delightful combination of flavors:  focaccia, braised pork, dates, brandade, hangar steak, as well as some other dishes.Came here a few weeks ago AFTER dinner at home to meet some friends for drinks.  They ordered food and had to try.  Once I did I was hooked.  I ordered more and more and couldn't stop.  The chorizo/date/bacon plate was filling and rich and hearty all at the same time.  The design was modern and rustic.  Was able to meet the managers and the chef de cuisine and they were all friendly and open.  This just made the place even better.  I recommend this as "my new place" and will be returning soon and as much as possible.Everything is always great, all of the time, PERIOD!  Try anything they are offering, and it will be great.  The service is always good, no matter who is waiting on you.  I really don't need to write a dissertation about this place.  Just go eat there and you will have a great experience.  Avec is, and always will be, one of Chicago's best.Avec is my favorite restaurant. I took my boyfriend there and he could not stop eating. I love seeing his eyes got wider when he tasted the food there heehee.  The chorizo-stuffed dates were so good. They melt in the mouth. The sauce is on the spicy side but I love it.  Avec has extensive wine list. The dessert menu is pretty limited and sometimes I did not see what I really like on that. Tables are very close to each other and communal. I was okay with that at first but I didn't really like it when the hostess asked us to slide over for other party that came after us while there are other table open too. We were stuck in the middle and we had to ask them to let us out because we finished our dinner first. Arrive early if you don't want to spend an hour (or more) waiting for the table.One of my favorite restaurants.I would put it as a trendy, laid back atmosphere, with communal tables, and excellent food. This has become my go to place when looking for a good casual dinner to take someone out to.The food is excellent. The medjool dates and foccacia are so solid, I have never been disappointed.It's a litle loud so not a conventional "date" place, but I highly recommend if its just two people you try and get a seat at the bar vs the communcal tables. Makes for a great experience.Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.Avec is something very special. It is classic food that feels homey and fills you up while also surprising you with bright tastes and twists. The decor is warm and woody, something decidedly unique. The wait staff was incredibly helpful in guiding us to the best choices.I ate here last Saturday while visiting Chicago... waited a very reasonable half hour (not the two hours I was afraid of) and had a cocktail down the street before coming back to this beacon in the cold, Chicago night.  It. Was. Awesome. Like everyone says, the dates are to die for. They come in half orders, which was very helpful and let's you save room for everything else.  Between two of us, we had one big plate (a special - a durade fish with grapefruit and blood orange slices on it), a nice greens and grapefruit salad and some to die for pork cheeks. Really, it was all good.The price was incredibly reasonable for what it was. If you're going to Chicago and want a break from the (amazing but heavy) traditional fare, this is the place to try something fresh and new.Wow. I mean Wow. This is the greatest place ever. The food here is generally eaten tapas style, but the options aren't Spanish. I'm not exactly sure what they are, but they're good. Before I went veggie, I really liked the sausage/bacon dish and I can luckily still eat what looks like a quesadilla with Ricotta cheese (sorry, I'm not being very helpful. Just describe it, and I'm sure the waiter will figure it out for you). It's just different from every other chain, and the layout is really cool. It's a liitle on the expensive side, but it's not insane. Just give it a try. I'm going to go ahead and say "I told you so" before you go.I'll make this short and sweet since there are so  many reviews. Three of us went on a Friday night around 7:30 and put our name on other list, expecting a 40-50 minute wait. We ran over to Sepia for a cocktail and as soon as our drinks came they called us with a table. We had to slam our fancy drinks and hurry back. Kinda a pain, but a good thing to not have to wait so long. We got the dates, olives, pork shoulder, flatbread, and a cheese plate to share. We had PLENTY of food for the three of us girls. We were all excited to try the dates but they were pretty spicy and no one wanted to eat the last one. A bit disappointing t because of the rave reviews. The flatbread was and pork were so yummy it made up for it. The place is definitely cozy but we were expecting that. The service was excellent and it was overall a great girls night out!My favorite restaurant in Chicago.  I think I dine here about 1x a week.  I love being seated with people I don't know, great for meeting new people.  But then if I want to just chat with my friends, that works too.  I love this place.My favorite restaurant in Chicago. Yes, you have to wait for a table, but go on a nice evening and have some wine outside. The food is worth the wait. I repeat, the food is worth the wait!!! Tried the whole baked fish, octopus salad, focaccia (sounded boring, turned out to be amazing!), cheese plate, and dates. I would keep your group size to 4 or less, as it's a very small place and you'll wait forever for a large space.The only thing that stood out from all the food that my friends ordered were the stuffed dates.... so damn good!Yup, the chorizo stuffed dates and pork shoulder were awesome.  Additionally, the music was great!  They played 90's hip-hop (Biggie, Redman, Method Man & Mary J. Blige) until around midnight when they switched to more recent rap.One of my favorite places that I ate in Chicago. Had the chorizo stuffed dates, pork shoulder, truffle focaccia, and roast chicken (in order from most to least favorite). Although its pretty pricey I think it's worth it. Everything I had was delicious and made very well. I would definitely come back here next time I get the chance to.Unique ambiance, good wine selection, a versatile and changing menu, and rock start taste. One of my top favorites in Chicago.I have to say this is going to be one of my favorite restaurants.  Its reasonable, non-pretentious, and plain delicious.  If you get a chance to go, definitely order the dates, foccacia, braised octopus, heirloom tomato salad, pork shoulder and crepes.  Not only is the food delicious but great service.  A+....I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.I'm not a Chicagoan nor do I have a blog, but I'd definitely be a regular at this place if I could. The perfect setting for great tapas (as long as you don't mind the communal seating). I found the French-influenced menu to be creative and the service to be fantastic, despite being absolutely slammed on this Monday night. Minus a point for being "all out" of three things on the menu I was targeting... including the pork shoulder (sigh). But everything we ordered was amazing, especially the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. Two plates and I'm in that special place. If only I could hack this recipe and serve to my friends and family..The dates are my favorite.Maybe I came here with too high of expectations but the place really didn't wow me overall like I expected it would. I came with a friend and we ordered the bacon-wrapped chorizo stuffed dates, the mushroom salad, and the pork shoulder. I had pretty high expectations for the chorizo-stuffed dates because everyone seemed to rave about them here. They were ok, but really the chorizo overpowered the sweetness of the date and I felt like I was just eating a chorizo meatball. If you want some amazing bacon-wrapped dates (albeit not stuffed with chorizo) try the ones at Erwin, they are heavenly.The one item that I had just average expectations for was the mushroom salad and WOW this was the BEST mushroom salad I had ever had in my life. I would go back just to eat this mushroom salad. It was amazing. I could have ordered 2 small plates of this and been happy if this was my entire meal.Finally, the pork shoulder was just ok. I think I've made better pork entrees in my slow cooker at home. It was pretty bland and really needed a sauce or something to give it some more flavor. It was quite underwhelming.The place was really loud and had communal seating so if you're looking for a private or romantic spot this isn't for you. But please, try the mushroom salad!we went here early December on a Sat. night around 7:30 pm (for 2) and we lucked out with what was at most a half hour wait.  I went into the restaurant with a lot of hype, which is always dangerous, but Avec lived up to it.  Highly recommend the chorizo dates and the deluxe focaccia.  I already want to go back again.I came here for a work dinner with my boss and a co-worker.  My co-worker picked this place as this is one of her favorites.  I found the seating to be very close together and tables being communal.  The evening we came here it was after work and wasn't terribly busy when we arrived.  They placed us at a table that had other people seated at the other end even though there were several other tables that had no one at it.  We ordered most of the items on the menu (my boss loves to feed us) and my boss and co-worker had the craft beers while I opted for their Gimlet.  The gimlet was very delicious and my co-workers seemed to enjoy their beers.I mainly ate the "deluxe" focaccia as the other dishes didn't really appeal to me but my co-workers found the dishes to be good and the left overs were sent home with me for my husband who found them to be good as well.  The one thing I wished is restaurants wouldn't take a dish like steak and melt bone marrow over the top.  That is a dish I would normally eat but I won't eat with the bone marrow on top.The biggest disadvantage of the evening was when a couple came in with a child and there wasn't room for the 3 of them the hostess crammed them into the spot next to us despite it being a spot for 2.  The one thing I find very unappealing is having a noisy child at a restaurant and then to have them crammed in next to me with a spot that is only made for 1.If you are looking for that super trendy restaurant to head out to for dinner, then this is the place but beware of the close seating and the no reservation policy.Food was awesome! Seating was tight and place was loud but the overall atomsphere was lively and didn't distract from the meal. Both our seaters and servers were polite and accommodating. The wait was greater than an hour so we grabbed beers from Haymarket pub up the street and got a call when our table was ready. Impressive foodie joint.Not sure what I can say that hasn't been said. This is my favorite restaurant in the city. Go early on a weekday for your best chance at a table. If you have a chance to sit at the chef's table, go for it! It's two seats at the counter right by the chefs--if you're a food geek (like I am), you'll love this. Everything about Avec is stellar--excellent wine, service, food, design. It's a "must!"I have been here several times and have always enjoyed it. It is a great wine bar with creative, very fresh food and an interesting wine list. The wait can get ridiculous, so I prefer to go at off hours--I really hate waiting in line anywhere!  You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The ricotta crostini is delicious, the whole fish are expertly deboned and put back together for presentation (we were told they have a guy who's an expert at fish deboning), and the chocolate-tangerine sorbet we had on our most recent visit was so decadent, we didn't miss the cream!  Yum. My husband and I also tried their octopus with polenta this time. It's not that common to find larger octopus here, but this tentacle was from a larger one. It was prepared really well--tender without being mushy. The slightly acidic light sauce was a terrific counterpoint to the rich polenta. Yummmm. Service has always been very friendly. Definitely a favorite!Seriously?! no Seriously yelp?! I just cannot believe this place has such a hype built up here. Lets review and be objective, and see if we can stop this new trend of 'let me charge you a huge price for seating uncomfortably and eating mediocre food in small quantities' that Chicago seems to like so much in the restaurant scene. I work hard for my money, therefore I take it personally when I feel like I threw it away.  The first problem arrived when I saw the tables, communal tables? yeah, but in the sense that you literally are seated at a table full of strangers talking right next to your ear. Still, I wouldn't mind it if the food was worthy. But the worst part is thinking about all the money these people make, seriously they cannot afford to expand the place a little and put some decent tables for their costumers. But why would they? if we keep giving them thumbs up for overcharging us for tiny plates of overrated, boring food, and overcrowding us like farm chickens. The second problem, the dishes.  Yeah the dates are good, but not 'communal tables' good, they are ok (apparently a decent appetizer is all you need to built a reputation) We tried the hanger steak, the pork shoulder and .... meh. But the focaccia bread was what really angered me, I just cannot understand how people can be ok with being charged $15 for a piece of oily bread with cheese. It didn't had any flavor whatsoever, the only thing you could taste was oil, and yes is ''truffle oil", but it is still oil; a condiment, not an end in itself and for sure not something you can just throw on a piece of bread and call it a night like they do here. We waited over 20 min for the pork shoulder, after we had finished off all of our plates. When it finally came we were ready to leave, tired and annoyed at the fact that we couldn't talk, over the voices of the bratty girls next to us,  who apparently wanted the whole restaurant to hear their conversation (I know all the details on the cost of the wedding of one of them etc) not my idea of a pleasant night out. When we tried the pork shoulder the flavor was just not good. The meat  was tender and juicy, however it didn't taste good period. Well, I know it is a long rant, but I needed to vent after I spent my hard earned money in this joke. The worst of all is, this is not the 1st not the last 'small plates, communal seating' restaurant in Chicago to get away with this nonsense. People, please be realistic, think for yourselves,  and stop the madness!I went to Avec on a Wednesday night with 4 adults and a one-year-old baby.  We waited outside chatting for 15-20 minutes though we'd been told longer (always nice!) The place is not what I'd call "kid friendly" in the least, but our child was well-behaved and they let her plop down on the bench between us adults no problem.I think we had the perfect amount of people.  We split a few different plates, got to try a little of everything, and the bill was very reasonable.  Go with a few friends or another couple and you've got plenty of options to try.  I agree with previous posters that you'd want to order more plates just to try them if dining with only two.We shared the heirloom tomatoes (great combination of texture/flavors), squid ink pasta (even the baby ate this!), hangar steak (excellent), and wood-fired squid -- which I hardly had room for but was also very good.  (I know what chorizo-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates taste like because I've had them at several other restaurants, and I don't doubt they're tasty here but it wasn't what I was wanting that night.)I can't decide whether I'm a fan of the decor, or rather, lack thereof.  It's like dining in a long giant wooden shoebox or something and the no windows/mirrors thing was semi-claustrophobic... but I was busy enjoying the food 99.99% of the time; the walls were a passing thought.I had a great meal at this restaurant.  We had the chorizo stuffed dates, the pizza, a braised pork shoulder and the brandade.  All were excellent.  The food was simple and rustic, sort of with a Mediterranean bent.I wish the restaurant was bigger or took reservations, but otherwise, one of my favorite places in the city.Went here for a friend's birthday and was very impressed. Not only was the food absolutely incredible (you have to try the stuffed dates), but the service was great. The hostess was very polite in explaining the wait time and what appeared to be a manager was more than happy to bring us some drinks while we waited outside. The server was very good, his knowledge of the menu was great, and when we asked him to make a wine reccomendation, he suggested things in a variety of price ranges and didn't even flinch when we ordered his most affordable suggestion. We all had a great time and will certainly be back.Avec is one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago - a staple, a no-fail, a treat, a one-of-a-kind, bomb.com dining experience.  As an always evolving, ever-changing restaurant, the menu metamorphoses with the changing seasons.  I'm all about the changing seasons and the evolving menus and the sticking with the times theme, but if Avec ever removed the chorizo-stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates or taleggio-stuffed, truffle-brushed focaccia, I think I would seriously die.  Although I hate waiting two hours on a Tuesday night (or any other) for dinner, Avec is well worth the wait.  Just sip some wine from their stemless glasses and the hours seem to disappear...just like every last morsel from my plate.  Without fail.Wow.  This place was amazing.  We originally tried to come here on a Saturday night, but even at 11pm there was a one hour wait...we were so hungry we couldn't deal :)  BUT, we came back on Monday around 8:30pm, and there was only a 30 minute wait.  The space is actually very small, so I don't think a wait can be helped, unless you come super early for dinner, like 5 or 6pm maybe.  There are about 4 cafeteria-style long tables that seat 10-12 people each.  Like other reviews here say, do not come to Avec expecting an intimate evening.  It is loud, and you will have to rub elbows - literally - with people.   But the food was out of this world.  Honestly, each dish  was prepared with the freshest, most high quality ingredients, and all the flavors blended together perfectly.  My friend and I split 4 small plates and had two glasses of wine for about $55 total - not bad at all.   I really enjoyed this experience!  The service was great - the busboys continued to bring us bread (the most fabulous fresh-baked bread, mind you) over and over until we couldn't eat anymore.  Our waitress was a bit absent, but I guess it couldn't be helped since the place was packed, and it was hardly as if she was sitting around twiddling her thumbs.Consistently delightful.One of the best meals I have had. Everything was created to perfection. I had their famous chorizo stuffed dates first. I do not like chorizo (or for that matter sausage in general), but this dish was fantastic. Typically, they serve this dish with 4 pieces, but you can also get a half order. Then, I have a baked Monkfish. This dish had an Indian flavor and was really flavorful. Both dishes were things I had never had before and when I got the check, I was shocked that it was just $20.Avec is worth finding no matter where you are in the Chicagoland area.i finally got a table within 30 minutes on the third attempt.  it's a cute little crowded hip place that serves really good food that's not easily found elsewhere.  i've only tried several of their small plates, which to me are a bit like the creative version of spanish tapas.  the marinated and grilled flank steak was seasoned very well and really spicy.  growing up with asian food, i hardly find any western cuisine spicy hot even when the menu/waitress says so, but  boy this dish is really spicy but at the same time very delicious!  the decor is reminiscent of the japanese izakaya with the wooden furniture and the seating style, where you'll either be sitting at the bar or sharing a large table with other parties.  i'm giving it four starts b/c of the constant long wait and the seemingly cocky servers.It is happening at Avec. Nice touch having a space outside for wines while you are waiting and there is always a wait--no reservations. That is ok,  because the wines will entertain you. Edward, one of the owners, is ever vigilant and knows his wines. He seeks interesting and little known wines. Edward had us try a Mexican Nebiolo at the end of our meal. It was the first Mexican wine that I have enjoyed--different from Italian Nebiolo--very extracted fruit . Our server was very helpful in leading us to the right choices---the brussel sprouts salad, trout , salmon and chickien. All the dishes were exceptional. Fun, festive environment at the communal table. Thank you Edward and staff, you made our stay in Chicago memorable.Holy jeez was this place good.We went there on a monday night, and arrived around 6:30 or 7 PM.  The place wasn't packed, but seating three wasn't necessarily quick.  We were able to wait outside and share a bottle of wine picked out for us by the proprietor.  A little more than halfway through our bottle we were brought to one of the tables.We ordered four small plates and one large plate for the three of us.  I'd say in order of favorites: chorizo stuffed dates, trout, pork shoulder, hanger steak, and the salmon tartar.  I can't rave enough about how good the stuffed dates were.  Pretty much a must order if you go here.The decor and ambience is nothing special in my opinion, but the service was pretty decent and the food was too good not to give the place 5 stars.One of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  If you are a cheese lover go now and get the cheese plate.  Even if you don't like brussel sprouts go now and order the brussel sprouts.  They are amazing.  The only downside to this place is that you are literally seated on top of each other at communal tables.  Tip: if there are just two of you, go early and ask for a seat at the end of the table.Amazing amazing food. That is really all that needs to be said about this place, if you have an appreciation for good food you must do everything in your power to go here.  love the shared seating idea, makes it seem like you are at a family gathering, makes me wish my family cooked like that though. I also liked that they don't rush you through the meal. A must for the food savvy Chicagoan!the dates, yep. everyone was right. a-mazing. also had the meatballs and the pan-roasted mackerel. whole roasted fish and pork shoulder. everything was excellent. i real foodies treat!service was good as was the wine list. we had 3 (!) bottles and everything was incredible. a white from portugal and one from spain. sooo tasty!it's a loud place and very busy. not for a quiet dinner, but a fun place to go with a group of four. i doubt there is anything average on this menu!I went to dinner with my mom here after seeing Rent a while back.  The food was very unique and delicious.  Not overly filling, but I was definitely full when I left.  The seating is unique with everyone at long tables.  Not ideal for a date or something intimate.  It had a very south of France feel to it.  Overall the service was terrific, and the food was really good.  I think it's a good place to go with a small group as the dining room is tiny, and I wouldn't want to wait forever to be seated.I cant stay mad you, even if i tried.Sadly I was kind of disappointed.  The atmosphere is great! The place is the size of a shoe box but we sat at the bar.  The waiter was terrible he said he would not recommend.  We had the stuffed dates which were unique and a pork shank it was good but nothing spectacular.  It would be a cute place to get a drink with some friends.As an avid fan of anthony bourdain's show (in which the chefs of Avec were featured), I was really excited to try Avec while visiting Chicago.Here is the good:Service was amazing...totally amazing. The place is kinda cool looking; basically a mostly wood rectangle with an open kitchen. Food and wine were decently priced for what was on the menu.The bad:Totally uncomfortable seating: Wood chairs on one side look cool, but don't have a back, so you have to really lean on the table or have the best posture in the world. Also, family style seating i.e. picnic table like tables are fine, but my girlfriend had to constantly get up and down so people could get out! After the sixth time I was pretty pissed.Also, no reservations meant sitting in another restaurant (as Avec does not really have a bar or waiting area) for an hour to get a table.Lastly, I had one great dish, one okay dish, and one horrible dish...I expect excellence in my $100 dining experience (for two with cheaper wine).In general, I like the concept, but the menu was disappointing, the service was fantastic, but I won't be going back.1. Order everything 2. Eati think everyone else's review speaks for Avec. this place is AWESOME! only thing that I dont like is the long wait. usually 1 hour on weekends. and once there was a snooty host. but the food is grade A. the truffle oil foccacia is amazing. so is their medjool dates! i took a buncha French guys here and they loved it. We also had this fabulous French beer. It was sort of orange in color but I would go back just for that! there are few places in chicago that i would consider a favorite. this is in my top 3 for sure!We tried going there again tonight, after having an amazing experience there last time we went, and were devastated to find that it was still closed.  I can't wait until it opens up again!Avec had good food. Some of it was really good. It just was a bit of a let down given the high expectations I had.Prociutto-good, but I could use a little more balance with the greens.Bacon wrapped dates-delicious, but can we tone down the salt?Kale-yum.Tuna spread-not bad, not amazing.Service was great--sitting at the bar was informative and fun. Interior was great, with fabulous decor/design. If I could, I would give avec a 3.5. I can't though, so a 4 will have to do the job.Amazing.Went on a Sunday night at 10PM to avoid the 1-2 hour wait at usual peak times. Got a seat right away but the restaurant was still 80% full. Love the space though the aisle between the bar seats and the table seats is a bit narrow. Love the communal tables. Would never work in New York, but I loved all the places in Chicago that had them. Now onto the food.- Fennel salad with manchego, grapes, and walnuts: really fresh, good flavor profile, nice start to the meal.- Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with piquillo pepper tomato sauce: This is the avec dish that I always read about. And for good reason. Salty, sweet, and spicy. Easily best dish of the night.- Roasted half chicken: usually don't order chicken unless it's fried. But the chicken was moist and skin was crisp. - Bucatini with squid: totally fell flat. Overcooked and under seasoned pasta. Didn't eat a third of the dish.Bucatini alone may have been enough to knock it down to a 3 star. But the dates were insanely good so 4 stars.Dates with ham. Nuff said.this place is just top notch. its virtually impossible to get a table so not conducive to a girls night out with 6 people but date night its a must see. the space is amazing (looks identical to the pre-fire avec - they did a great job doing any restorations that were required), the wine and beer selections are fab, and the wait staff is well versed in the menu. chorizo stuffed dates and the brussel sprout salad are the best.5 stars strictly for the food, all of which were perfectly prepared and seasoned:Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates = ridiculousoctopushangar steakcrostiniThe 5 star review is strictly for the food because......the service was not awesome at all. Food took extremely long and it took over 15 minutes to get our check at the end of the meal (not to mention the fact that they brought us the wrong check, making us wait even longer). The worst aspect of service was seating - while tables consist of the standard 4 chairs on the outside and 4 seats on a bench on the inside, the hostess seats couples across from one another instead of placing them next to each other (I get that this is optimal for sharing plates, but sharing plates between ur SO isn't hard to do either).This by itself isn't terrible, but my buddy not only sat at the head of the table but also had another table to his back, which resulted in his having to get up 3 times in the middle of our meal in order to let 3 separate couples get into the table next to us (on top of having to get up twice for the people sitting at our table). This obviously didn't make for a very great dining experience and is something I hope they consider changing in the future. But let's talk turkey - food was awesome, you cannot go wrong here.I've been in Chicago just over a year now and finally feel like I've been to enough venues to officially declare a favorite - and Avec is it! It's been the best overall experience I've had (in case you're wondering, Girl & The Goat is a close 2nd place for me). The food was top notch quality without being pretentious or intimidating. Our server was clearly knowledgeable without being overbearing (as many of these high-end restaurant servers tend to be). It takes all the best aspects of dining well and leaves behind the undesired aspects. My ONLY complaint is that I wish I could go more, but it's hard to get into - as a tip: try to sneak out of work a tad early on a Monday or Tuesday night and you'll have better luck getting a seat at their community table. I can't wait to go back!We had a great meal here, enjoying everything we ordered (between four of us we ordered 4 small plates and two large plates, plus dessert). I'm giving it two dollar signs instead of three because we ordered enough so that we were all well full, including dinner, wine, dessert, coffee, and one of us had a cognac, and our total was $135. I know this qualifies technically as three dollar sign territory, but $31 - $60 is a huge range, and on any other night without ordering all the after dinner drinks we would have been well under it. Definitely recommend.A deffinate must-have experience!I went to Avec the day after Thanksgiving 2011 with my husband and his sister and husband.  The food was great.  Our server was great.  So you ask why only 3 stars.  The reason for this is because half way through our meal, there were some issues with kitchen and the ventilation for the building was not working.  They had to open the back door to the restaurant and put fans out to get rid of the some.  We sat in the last table as you are going to the restrooms.  My husband wears contacts and his eyes were burning from the smoke.  We asked if we could be moved to another table and we were.  Then there was smoke again and my husband's eyes were burning very badly.  In the end the server comped our dessert and one of  our entrees.  That was nice of her but now we all smelled like we had been at a campfire all night and my husband's eyes were red from the smoke.On Sunday of Thanksgiving weekend, I spoke to Liz, who is the general manager, and she apologized the smoke and offered to compensate us for our dry cleaning of our coats and send us a certificate.In December I emailed her my receipt, heard nothing.  Emailed again last week and still have not heard anything.  So basically, I feel she broke her promise and that this is  very poor customer service on her part.  Therefore, this is why this restaurant only gets 3 stars.  They really need to improve their customer service especially since customers complained and follow-thru on their promises.  Not break them.  And because of this, I highly doubt I will ever go back to Avec.This is my favorite place I've eaten. It gets crowded quickly. The dates were amazing! You have to get the focaccia. It's a fun spot to go on a date. All of the plates were delicious.A perfect evening in Chicago to enjoy a glass of wine while waiting the obligatory hour (you wait outside, as they take no rez, and have seating for less than 100) for 2 seats at this fantastic spot.  The food is an innovative spin on french provencal style.  We had the stuffed dates, a selection of cheese, and the pork shoulder.  Portion size is generous.  This was enough!  Service is friendly and thorough.  Wine list is reasonably priced, but you will need to know the french grape.  A definite repeat on my next Chicago trip.This place is great. A cool casual atmosphere, reasonable price/quality ratio and great food. I love the design of the interior with the warm wood and natural light reflecting from the windows.  We had the stuffed dates which were excellent. The pork shoulder was also tasty. The wine choices and portions are nice and compliment to the flavors of food they serve.  I don't know the first thing about the owner but I think they're a genius. Everything about this place fits together in a very complimentary way.  It's a pinch crammed and I wish they had maybe one more dessert choice but I'm being picky. Just go, eat, converse and enjoy.I used to love Avec, always recommended it to friends and family and always talked very highly of this place...However, the other night I had the worst night ever. I came in around 6pm and was waiting for my friend. The hostess had on a bright orange lipstick on that I complimented. She said thank you but she had this air about her... very kind of snobby with her nose was in the air. So, my friend calls me and told me there was some traffic but that she was close by. I really didn't want to lose a seat since the restaurant was slowly filling up and asked the hostess if there was any way I would be able to be seated and I'll order first. She asked me how far my friend was and I said "She's down the street, maybe about 5 minutes away." The hostess responded with "Then I don't see what the problem with waiting is" and gave a snarky smile before turning away. Sorry sweetheart, but you're a hostess. Please remember that.I was a little heated by her comment, but I didn't say anything. We were seated and ordered our usual: bacon wrapped chorizo-stuffed dates. They were great. And my fave: the foccacia. Halfway through though, my friend finds a HAIR in her slice of foccacia... The server took it away and gave us another one, but by then we had already lost our appetites and asked for it to be wrapped up. This experience completely changed my view of avec. I will never again recommend it and will tell all my friends about the terrible time I had. I also found another place for amazing foccacia and that's Davanti Enoteca (yelp it!).Sorry Avec.It's actually a 4.5 out of 5 stars rating just becoz the sorbet wasn't too outstanding, but everything else was fabulous. Surprisingly there is no waiting time if u get there early enough (like before 6), and the food was awesome. LOVE the dates/bacon, happy with the chicken liver and codfish (substitute for bass), and the price is so reasonable.Excellent food. Lots of negatives1. No reservations2. You share your table with strangers. Thankfully not your food. 3. Very noisy with loud music. 4. No back on the chairs. Can't relax.5. Pretentious beer selection - not a single American craft beer.Pros:  Fantastic Spanish wines; good service; yummy pizza and sausages (made in-house)Cons: Loud; uncomfortable seats; no reservationsI love Avec!  Hands down my favorite place to eat with clients and friends. Best atmosphere out of any restaurant in Chicago. Portions are perfect sized. Pizza's are always really yummy. Have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. Great wine selection and the waiters suggestions are always spot on!one of my favorite restaurants evar.i checked this place out after hearing it mentioned on top chef chicago and was not disappointed.setting: avec looks like a giant sauna, which is kind of weird, but i dig the casual atmosphere and west loop location.  you can either sit at the bar or at one of the picnic-ish tables, but either way you'll probably be sharing some space with some other peoples.  i definitely would recommend the "worst" seats in the house which are the two barstools in the back of the restaurant.  they also happen to be right in front of the kitchen where you can check out the chefs working their magic and chat them up for some suggestions/samples.service: very friendly but not always attentive. the place is usually full and there are only a handful of servers so don't expect tons of attention.price: definitely a great value for what you get. 2 people can share 3 or 4 dishes plus dessert and a couple drinks for $100 including tip.  leave out the dessert and drinks and 2 can easily eat for $60 or less.FOOD: everything i've had has been awesome, but the stuffed dates, salmon tartare, and half chicken are especially good.  definitely get at least 3 or 4 things to share and maybe an order of dates for yourself.  the wine list is pretty impressive and they also have some interesting beers that pair well with the food.  bonus: the kitchen is open late on weekends so head on over if you want some fancy drunk food.Great spot .Don't miss it.  American tapas.  The pate is a great bargain.Great food and value!  Loud and energetic, can the owners open one in Los Angeles?I overdosed on the dates long ago but I still get excited to go here but not just because I know half the people in the room. I love menu, the communal setting, the random music and the Morton Brown soap. I just want great food served in sensible proportions and wine that's worth the money in a cozy but modern environment. Usually a smart crowd too.We decided to try Avec ( per fodors) and we really liked everythingabout this restaurant.  I do have to say though that the Chorizo wrapped in dates was a little too spicy for me ( and I like spice) soI would not order that again.  The food though was very fresh andthe service could have not been better.  My friend and I splitour dinner and it was truly a great deal.  Loved the fact thatyou sit so close to people that you are kinda forced to talkto them and surprise you meet someone nice.  Definitelynext time in Chicago I wlll go back there.Below is my rating definition.* = don't even bother going** = nothing out of the ordinary*** = Pretty good stuff**** = Outstanding***** = It's basically 4 stars but they do it consistentlyThe meal at Avec is the best meal of 2009 for me and that speaks a lot given the number of meals I've had and how demanding I am. Almost all the dishes are superbly done. Atmosphere is excellent. Service is impeccable. Price to quality ratio is outstanding.Eggplant crostini **This is probably the least exciting of all dishes but still very good overall. Chorizo-stuffed medjool dates ****One of the signature dishes at Avec and it didn't disappoint. Hanger steak ****Citrus salsa + perfectly cooked medium rare steak = awesome.Pork ribs ****Spicy, well-marinated, charred...delish.Wood-oven braised pork shoulder ****Flavor is so simple but yet so complex and wonderful. Love the use of napa cabbage mixed with fall-off-the-bone pork shoulder. Be sure to ask for more bread so you can soak up all the broth. Passion fruit sorbet ***Refreshing and not too sweet. Perfectly way to end the meal.After all the yelp/television/word of mouth hype, had to check out Avec. Purposely went early on a weekday to beat any rush - for whatever reason waiting in lines has become particularly annoying for me recently.Had the dates, of course, and they were indeed quite good. The spice and meatiness of the chorizo and the sweetness of the dates provided a nice balance to one another, and a plain tomato sauce was perfect for cutting the richness of the dish just a tiny bit. Not sure the bacon added much to the environment, and perhaps the dates overpowered the chorizo a bit, but those are minor quibbles. Overall, really enjoyed the pairing of these disparate ingredients to create a flavor that was new and exciting, but satisfying in the most familiar way. We also had an apple, honeycomb and prosciutto salad which was perfect for a surprisingly warm Chicago spring evening. Refreshing and rich in one bite.Unfortunately, the rest of the offerings disappointed. The pork shoulder was fall off the bone tender, yes, but I felt that it didn't offer much in the way of flavor. After hearing about its glories, I was left feeling let down - and it isn't as if braising a pork shoulder requires any particular acumen. I've certainly had much better from supposedly 'lesser' restaurants. Same for the fried smelt - good, but for the price certainly not good value. Especially considering I could swing down to Chinatown and have a superior fried smelt, dressed with salt, pepper and jalapeno, for a fraction of the price. Dessert was the biggest letdown - $6 for a tiny portion of pomegranate sorbet, which tasted how I imagine pure high fructose corn syrup might taste. Way too sweet.This place is great and always a must when visiting Chicago. The food is fantastic, the service is friendly & the wine list is eclectic and affordably priced. Plan on waiting to be seated & plan on it being worth the wait.If you go with the current menu -- Whitefish small plate was amazing.  That was the best thing I've had in several months and I eat at top rest's here all the time.  Get it.  Solid all round dinner, though I can't say enough about that whitefish.My only complaint: a bit noisy so don't take your grandmother.Wow! I'd like to go back for round 2 but I have to mentally prepare for the wait.One of my favorite restaurants in the city.  The bacon wrapped dates are to die for.The chorizo is deliciousWow. I had heard great things about Avec so decided to take my foodie sister and her husband there this past weekend and we were NOT disappointed. The space is great, really cute, small nicely done spot and i like the community tables. The service was wonderful...very attentive but not overbearing, always refilled the glasses, swapped dirty plates for clean, provided great recommendations on wine, etc. Now for the food. The chorizo stuff bacon wrapped dates blew my mind. Such an incredible and interesting mix of flavors. The cheese plate was also really good. Had the bratwurst which was nice and the beans and sauce with it were amazing. The flatbread...holy cow. Such a simple concept that was absolutely insane...one of the best things I've had in a long time. Then we got the foie gras which was really good, only thing that would have improved it would have been some better bread for it, more crusty style to spread it on, but overall delicious. Then desserts...the homemade crepes were awesome and the affogato was nice as well, the biscotti's being the best part of it. I think this meal rates as #1 in chicago thus far for me! I will go back again and again, Oh and the prices were great as well...a ton of food and plenty to drink and a very reasonable bill. Well worth the wait.Have to say the Chorizo Dates were just ok for me.  It's good, just not great.  Maybe since everyone here raves about it, my expectations were much higher.Really liked the Deluxe Foccacia and the Octopus Salad.  Hanger steak was perfectly done(medium rare), and a close second.Showed up about 7.30pm Sunday evening and was seated immediately.  Overall experience is a positive one.ok, i've now been to Avec a few times & feel very confident in giving them a very well deserved 5 stars.for the service.it was impeccable. our waiter on Saturday was Marcus. he did a fantastic job overall, was also very friendly & knowledgeable and gave the experience a very personal feel like if you were old friends (& yet still professional),timing of everything was great, you'd not guess it was a busy saturday night.and for the food..first off we had the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates & a marinated kale salad with turnips. Both were fantastic but the dates will always be the first thing i order. as soon as i sit down, every time i go here. they are ridiculous.the dates are sitting in a tomato sauce that's fantastic as well, we were spreading it not only on the fresh bread that comes with the dates but on the foccachia we got later as well, very good. i feel sorry for the cooks who prep the dates, as i imagine they probably have to make enough for at least one dish for every table that sits down, every single night.  (thank you chefs, i promise you it is appreciated.)next up we had foccachia stuffed with tellagio, ricotta, truffle oil & herbs.this too was amazing. finally with our coffees we had some nice tempered chocolate crisps with something in the middle that they described as like crepes. we also had a) white chocolate panna cotta with figs & apricot i think? i felt the panna cotta had a very good texture & flavor but may have been a touch sweet for my taste, i will say, however, that if i'd ordered another coffee to accompany the panna cotta i would have enjoyed it a lot more with the contrasting flavors.all in all, even though we weren't hungry enough to eat a ton of food, this was easily one of the best dinners i've had in a long time. I can't wait to go back.On a recent visit to Chicago we had dinner at Avec. Very rarely do I write a Yelp review, even though I rely on them every week before I go to restaurants, etc.However, when one comes across a waitress who is SO rude, one is compelled to need to vent. Thank you Yelp. I won't get into the gory details, just be aware - owners & managers of AVEC - that in a slow economy - NO restaurant, I don't care how trendy and "place-to-be-seen dujour" you are, can afford to have a rude waitress. The food is pretty good, but I wouldn't rave about it as wildly as so many others are. Yes, the medjool dates are delicious and a must-try. Everything is is interesting, in a very good way and worth trying.One other note - this place is tiny. If you are not turned on by shoulder-to-shoulder dining and long waits, this place isn't for you. Otherwise, it can be a fun and social dining experience.Would I go back? Maybe. But it's a big world and there are so many other restaurants out there who's waitstaff understands that courteous service is part of the deal.Love the communal seating and the diverse menu. The grilled salmon is awesome, everyone raves about the chorizo dates but personally they were a bit overpowering for my taste. Incredibly reasonable wine list, almost unnervingly so. Great service, waitress answered all of our questions about the menu without pause.Great wines, amazing food though a couple misses lately. Love this place.Always amazing food and wine. The food is seasonal and comes out in an appropriate amount of time given that every seat is always taken in this little hot spot. It's a fabulous place to grab food any day of the year.It's a good idea, but the food wasn't as great as we had hoped.  We had the dates, the pork shoulder, and the beef tongue.  The dishes are very meat-intensive and hence heavy and fatty.  This killed our plan to have the chocolate crisps for desert.  The dishes also have a sweet/spicy flavoring which is not quite our style.Really loved this place. Went about 2 weeks ago while in town on business and was a little nervous about a long wait given they don't take reservations (which is a big minus in my book, btw...as I would make this a defacto place to take clients who I wish to impress if it did). The good news is that our wait was not long. The food was delish, the wine list eclectic (a little too much for my taste, but willing to be adventurous), and the atmosphere fun. You definitely felt like you were in a happening place that wasn't too pretentious for it's own good.Agree with everyone here that the Bacon Wrapped Dates are the go to dish. Even if you don't like dates or bacon, you will love this. The mussels were outstanding, the special's board salad yummy, and the burratta incredible. The decor was fantastic. What a great atmosphere and a nice touch with the communal tables. Makes the dining experience here more of an experience overall.We decided to try out Avec on a Thursday night after work.   We were able to get a seat without too much trouble. Medjool Dates - was a bit spicer than expected, but was tasty.  This was a last min add, and happy we went with a half order (2 dates).Whipped Brandade - i had to look up what this was originally, but glad i tried it.  The garlic bread was pretty oily, but it's kinda expected.  It was good though.Hanger Steak - It was a good dish, but probably one i wouldn't order again as i felt i could get this elsewhere.  The lemon marscapone leeks was surprisingly nice.Crispy Whitefish - was was yummy, especially w/ the pistachio puree. The skin was nice and crispy as well.  Wood-oven roasted Pork Shoulder - this was my favorite dish of the night.   The salsa verde was a nice touch.We'll definitely be back.  I saw the "deluxe" focaccia and hoping to try that next time.Food is pretty good here. We had several small plates; most notably recommend the squid. Had also had the roasted chicken and pork shoulder, both were also very good. The panna cotta was simply delicious. Still not crazy about the communal seating like the owner's other restaurant, the publican.awesome. great atmosphere and wonderful small plates. No need to explain, just go when in ChicagoThis was my second dinner here. My first trip here was a couple summers ago, and I remember being seriously underwhelmed. This visit was all right. My boyfriend and I split the whipped brandade, basically a fish pate with potatoes that you spread on garlic bread. It is not something that we would normally order, but we wanted to try something new. Definitely would not order it again. The hangar steak was excellent, even though I normally do not like things that are on the rare side. Our large plates were the fish and the orrecchiette with duck. The fish was annoying to eat; although they said they took the bones out, we ended up chewing on more than a couple. The pasta was a bit too tart for my liking. Skipped on the dessert, but we both had their French white and rose wine, both were perfectly acceptable. All in all, I don't think I will return.Amazing food -- no arguments there. Be aware that this is quite a small place and it is not very suitable for large parties (more than 4 people). However, if you don't mind waiting for 1-2 hours, eventually you'll get a spot, and once you do, trust me, it will be worth the wait :)Also, they've got dope music -- they played A Tribe Called Quest and Atmosphere the whole time we were there.Simply delicious, unique food! I was concerned because I couldn't tell if I'd like the place with so many things on the menu that were unfamiliar to me... and I can be picky. But everything was absolutely fantastic! Yum!I went to avec with three of my friends and it was amazing everyone was really nice as soon as we walked in the door the hostess stored all of our bags from shopping earlier in the day.  We got a table right away which I can tell you is not always the case because it was packed as it should have been!  Our waitress was really chill and nice and helped us pick wine, she told us not to skip the dates and thank god we listened!  We ordered several plates to much for us but we had a doggy bag which was nice! Really just an amazing place so happy we went it was a wonderful time!I really believe this place is a gem. My friends and I had the chicken with chickpea sauce, squid, swordfish, dates, and pork shoulder. Make sure to get the dates and shoulder if it's your first time. I am sensitive to salty food and this place does not rely on salt to create flavor. The recipes are creative and the staff is friendly.Very basque! Love it even more after coming back from the Basque Country!! Bacon wrapped dates, foccacia, foie gras ... mmmmI LOVEEEE AVEC! The staff are very well educated on the menu, which is always a plus. I have been there a few times now and still haven't gotten sick of their food. If you go here, you MUST MUST order the dates, wrapped in bacon. it's to die for.Nice Staff. Delicious Brandade, Nice wine list and great atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back!Love love LOVED it.My favorite restaurant ever. The boyfriend and I just ordered a bunch of random small dishes and split everything, got some wine...SUPERB. We had a blast. The wait staff was also top notch...definitely eat there if you get the chance!This place is so delicous....a good tip is going in a little earlier than you might normally (ie before 7PM).  We arrived at 6 and had our choice in seating and opted to belly up to the bar for appetizers and drinks and skip the communal tables. Shortly after we arrived the place was packed. In addition to the dates, you must try the foccacia, a delicious spin on the usual typical dish, they add a thin, creamy layer of Taleggio cheese and drizzle with truffle oil and sprinkle with herbs.  Amazing. Coming for drinks and appetizers and asking for wine suggestions at the bar is an easy (and more wallet-friendly) way to enjoy Avec.The food at Avec was fan-tastic!  4 girls, 2 bottles of wine (and some port), 2 large plates - the pork should was outstanding, 4 small plates (loved the dates and the farro salad), out of this world pear tart with spiced ice cream for dessert and the housemade chocolate bars - yumyum!  Also loved, loved the music they played!We waited the requisite 2 hours (outside) which isn't totally terrible since drinks are available and there were a couple of heaters.  The real bright spot during the wait was Paul who guided us through the wine list and gave us some good tips for later that night - thanks Paul!The one drawback was a somewhat lackluster waitress and a pretty surly guy who brought the food - actually he was kind of rude.  But those were the less the bright moments in a great night!Short but sweet.... Avec is my favorite restaurant in the entire world.  Given, you shouldn't go here for a first date because the communal seating and energetic atmosphere isn't conducive to intimate conversations.  Otherwise, Avec is it.  Everything I have ever eaten there is delicious.  Seriously delicious.  Exploding with bold and subtle flavors all at once.  The best part about it?  5 star food for 2 star prices.  Service is even stellar... the servers are friendly and extremely knowledgeable, giving good advice whenever you need it.  I recently moved away from Chicago but I still try to go back whenever I am in town.  This is my first review on Yelp and I went straight for Avec because it's THAT good!!Favorite in ChicagoSo great!  adventurous menu and adventurous atmosphereI love this place.  A pain in the ass at times to get in, but well worth it.Tops in ChicagoOne of the best restaurants in Chicago. Every dish is done perfectly and the waitstaff is excellent. Wish there was a little bit more space to wait (no reservations), especially in the winter, but it's worth it.Still my FAVORITE restaurant in Chicago. There is always something new and delicious on the menu. I am never dissapointed. And the bacon wrapped dates are by far the best Ive ever had - and I get them every single time!I found Avec right here on Yelp as I was preparing a short trip to Chicago for work.  I was there on a Monday night but the place was jamming.  Fortunately, I got the last open seat at the bar.  Service was quick and friendly.  I ended up getting the roast chicken entree which was huge for me and beautifully presented.  Delicious but so big that Id didn't have room for dessert.  :(   Crowd was hip and loud (host said it was actually a "mellow" Monday night!), so this would not be the best place for that quiet, romantic dinner.  Decor was woodsy modern-- very sleek.  All around a nice experience.  Host helped me with my coat and even hailed me a cab.  I look forward to dining there again.The market fish here is my favorite every time. I love this place!  Definitely always worth it!Love this place. Everything from thye pig as door handle to the out of the world stuffed dates. Gosh, If i could just get one of those dates every day that would be just amazing.Service is quick and down to the point. It's a shame that they are so busy that they can't chat a little more but it's all good.If you havent been here you really miss out!Great food, atmosphere and service.Hanger steakOctopusFoie GrasThey were all great. I've waited for a spot before but after an hour I walked next door to blackbird. This was a Monday night and it was still busy just not crazy. WIll definitely be back.I love stopping by this fantastic neighborhood elite restaurant. The dining experience is awesome!  Fabulous and very unique wine list, exceptional cheese tasting menu and very yummy food; lavish picnic at it's best. To add, the staff is a joy!Neither the food nor the service lived up to Avec's reputation. The staff was friendly, but definitely did not provide the attention to detail we expected. The food wasn't bad, but we have had better on many occasions. Overall we won't be returning. Here is a list of specific complaints:- Although we were seated immediately, it was over 10 minutes before a server appeared. Apparently there was a problem with the computer, so we had multiple people serving us, yet no one took the time to go over the menu or available specials.- Wine recommendation was quite good, but felt rushed and rather than waiting for me to try a small portion of the wine the server delivered a full carafe and said "just yell at me if you don't like it." - Beer selection was small, but decent. Unfortunately the beer was served much too cold (coor's light blue mountain kind of cold), and didn't get to the proper temperature until desert.- My husband had just decanted the last of the beer into his glass, leaving the yeast-sludge in the bottle (it was a bottle-fermented Belgian ale) when a busser abruptly reached over and dumped the dead yeast into his glass and whisked away the now empty bottle. We don't expect everyone to know that part of the reason you serve a bottle fermented beer with a glass is to avoid drinking 2 ounces of dead yeast cells... but we do expect the staff at Avec to know that.- We had a somewhat spicy, saucy small plate (the chorizo stuffed dates) followed by a very subtle larger plate. After finishing the dates our plates and cutlery were covered in spicy red oil, and when the quail arrived we sat there politely waiting for the plates and cutlery to be replaced. The quail was nearly cold when we realized no clean dishes were coming and our attempt to get anyone's attention was futile. We resorted to wiping the plates and cutlery with a napkin, because otherwise the quail was completely overwhelmed by the flavor of chorizo. - Maybe it was the spicy chorizo, but the quail was just bland. We aren't the sort of American diners who demand all French food be bathed in sauce. There was plenty of sauce. The sauce just didn't *go* anywhere.- The cutlery was inappropriate for the dishes. The dates were huge and required being halved or (for a lady) quartered, however we had only dull butter-knives. I had to literally saw through each piece. Because neither the plates nor cutlery were replaced when the quail came out, we were again using bulky, dull knives to get through the delicate birds. A sharp, pointed knife would have been the appropriate choice for each, and we know they exist because that's what we were given with our kale--which did not require cutting!- The kale came with a bread that would have been good but for it's salt crust. One bite and our tongues were numb from the salt. Palate fatigue much?- We were never asked if we were done with anything. We were still enjoying the sauce from our dates with a nearly full chunk of bread when a busser suddenly grabbed the bread with his hands and removed the plate of sauce. I literally had a piece of the bread in my hands. This is the same busser who failed to remove the sauce-covered plates and cutlery.- The restaurant was so loud that casual conversation was impossible. It wasn't until the drive home that we realized we hadn't actually heard each others voice for over an hour.3rd time here is past year. Went on a Sunday night ~7:30. Would've been seated right away if we didn't have to wait for 4th person in our party to arrive. Pork shoulder is by far my favorite thing on the menu, which is tough because everything is so delicious. Chorizo stuffed dates are also a must try item. Great server was perfect with wine recommendations.Easily in my top 5 for Chicago. The 4 of us shared: chorizo stuffed dates, Hanger steak, squid, focaccia and affogato for dessert. Focaccia with the truffle oil and the squid were my fav. While they have a full bar, they are limited in terms of combinations. My friends had dirty martinis and thoroughly enjoyed it.J'adore Avec! It is so worth the wait, you will not be disappointed! If you don't try the chorizo stuffed dates, you have not been to Avec. The focaccia is exquisite, the bread, the pork shoulder, and everything else in between! :) #1 place in Chicago.kennethtiongeats.wordpre…Avec | Chicago | MenuAvec's been around for more than 7 years, and it has a disarmingly informal feel, even as one of the city's top restaurants. I had the pleasure of stepping inside on a Wednesday dinner (the Mediterranean restaurant doesn't take recommendations)burrata with fresh tarragon and pickled trio of ramps, golden beets and rhubarb (4.25/5)Burrata had an outer wall of solid mozzarella goodness, and an inner molten core of liquid mozzarella. Pickled vegetables formed a sour counterpoint to the burrata. Good dish.from wikipedia: Burrata is a fresh Italian cheese, made from mozzarella and cream. The outer shell is solid mozzarella while the inside contains both mozzarella and cream, giving it an unusual, soft texture. It is also defined by some sources as an outer shell of mozzarella filled with butter or a mixture of butter and sugar. It is usually served fresh, at room temperature. The name "burrata" means "buttered" in Italian.chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce (4/5)on yelp, chorizo-stuffed dates was often mentioned as avec's speciality. the inside of the dates was incredibly meaty, with smoked bacon and a large helping of chorizo. THe tomato sauce was very good for dipping.whipped brandade with garlic bread and chives (3.5/5)brandade was a good whipping of fish and olive oil, and this paired well with garlic bread. I was also recommended to eat this with apples.from wikipedia:Brandade is an emulsion of salt cod and olive oil eaten in winter with bread or potatoes. In French it is sometimes called Brandade de Morue and in Spanish it can be called Brandada de bacalao ('morue' being the French name for salt cod and bacalao the Spanish one).roasted whitefish with lentils, spanish chorizo, endive and shallot (4.75/5)Whitefish was perfectly browned on one side without being overcooked. The scraped lines on its browned side made it look endearingly like toast. Perfectly textured, and served on a delicious mix of lentils, spanish chorizo, endive and shallot - which tasted and looked a bit like cassouletchicago.eater.com/archiv…avecrestaurant.com/menus…Avec is a regular stop for us. Always will be. We love everything about dining at Avec, except the communal tables so we sit at the bar stools- no biggie! Late menu, great service, small or big meal optional, delicious wine list and not to be forgotten the "food crack" deluxe focaccia! Thanks Avec for never disappointing!Interesting place.  Small.  Reminded me of a Japanese restaurant.  Very streamlined.  Waited very brief time for a table.  Hosts very nice and accommodating.  Sat family style with strangers.  Ordered the chorizo stuffed dates.  Server suggested we get a half order, but we didn't and ordered the four dates.  They were rich and very delicious...and Very filling.  Sadly, had to leave one on the plate.  Ordered the whole fish.  Excellent and flaky, but had many pin bones!!  Salad on top with fennel was very tasty.  Lastly we ordered the pork shoulder.  Very tender and yummy but not seasoned enough for my taste.  Would go again but beware the fish bones!Hands down one of my favorites!!! The wine and food are delicious. I do feel like you get better treatment when you know people that work there and if you don't and they feel you don't fit the "type" to dine here, they will overlook you and the service goes out of the window. I have had complaints from friends I referred there, but when they went we me they enjoyed.I wasn't really sure what to expect when I first walked into Avec. I had heard the food was delicious and that it was a unique little wine bar but I didn't expect it to give me wood. (No pun intended.) Yes, the decor reminds me of a mixture between a sauna and a very neatly kept wood shed. I went at 11:30 pm on a week night and got right in ,but they don't take reservations so if you are planning on eating during the prime dining hour I would expect a bit of a wait. I was staaarrving on my visit here so the Spanish wine that I sipped before eating, although delicious was torture paired with the aromas drifting from the kitchen. I had the chorizo stuffed dates which I was hesitant about, because I had never even heard of the dish, but the person I was with insisted. Upon first bite, I felt like Uncle Jessie after kiss with Rebecca Donaldson. "Have Mercy" this was delicious. I followed up my Full House flashback with the braised pork which was equally fantastic. The portions were decently sized as opposed to Blackbird, Avec's sister restaurant and I left reasonably full for someone of my eating capacity. Before leaving the manager gave us a complimentary chocolate which provided a "Full House" like happy ending. I know its a bit of a stretch to reference "Full House" when reviewing a wine bar, but it was on while writing this review and the two just merged. Only difference during my visit to Avec, there were no conflicts. No Kimmy Gibblers, no Comet running away, it was perfect!avec is a good-looking restaurant, filled with good-looking customers and a good looking menu and wine list. How unfortunate that such looks can be deceiving.  Having read such good reviews about avec we were very disappointed with the pedestrian menu, a bland wine list and questionable service. Communal seating at avec is as irritating as anywhere else that suffers from this late 90's attempt at edginess, as is the "we're too cool to take bookings" approach to dining - especially annoying when  you are seated after five people who had arrived after us but apparently knew the hostess. The 'sommelier' recommended a wine that for $50 all three of us agreed was frankly ordinary. The food at avec is an unexciting, pretentious attempt at modern American cuisine afflicted with the trendy affectation toward 'small and large plates' designed for oh-so-cool sharing. Said menu contains such culinary masterpieces as cheese foccacia, a bowl of olives, a third of a tasteless sausage in a bitter broth, a flavourless salad, a chicken thigh, a brandade and a pizza. Attempts at further trendiness include the existence of a ham slicing machine on the bar (?!) and the pulsating sound system of an Abercrombie and Fitch. The nicely designed and appointed bathrooms replete with excellent Molton Brown products were marred by the floor being strewn with wet paper towels. The interior design of the restaurant is very clean and modern and would look terrific empty  - which, astonishingly, it never is. Never again.hot little spot,  great concept, fantastic wine list, nice interior, cute waitresses, elegant crowd, the food was superb.Awesome FoodThis place is always busy, but with good reason. As others have pointed out, no reservations are accepted so you must either come kind of early or prepare to wait a bit. Because it's shared plates, the experience is definitely enhanced if you have more people, but I came with two friends, and we were able to sample a good part of the menu. Of the things I can remember, we had the burrata, a squid ink pasta with shrimp, a salmon dish, olives, and the brandade. I thought everything was cooked perfectly (the salmon was just translucent in the middle), and everything was very flavorful.  Also,  the check ended up being very reasonable considering how much we stuffed ourselves.Absolutely wonderful meal and excellent service.  The chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates are excellent, the Kale salad as well.  Everything we ordered was just delicious. My new favorite in Chicago. The atmosphere is loud and friendly, but that's not a negative unless you're looking for a quiet dinner alone. The menu is unique and we loved that. We ordered a ton of food, dessert and a bottle of wine and for 3 of us the check was $105.00, not bad at all.  I definitely reccomend giving them a try!Been here countless times in the last several years and it's consitantly wonderful! The crostini is surprisingly meaty for being vegetarian. The Bucatini is always gamey and aldente. The focaccia is indulgent and so rich, there is such thing as too much of it even though it won't quit being soooo delicious. The salads always wintery and fresh. The whole roasted fish is tender and well seasoned.The wine list is innovative and affordable (spanish and portugese being my faves). It's crowded and there's no where to be when you're waiting for your table, but go to blackbird or meji for a drink and have them call you when your table is ready.  Btw, the uni at meji is so good and sweet, it makes a great amuse.this place is the best my go to place... end of story..there isn't anything here that doesn't need to be. the menu is direct and decisive in an intricately simplistic manner. the food is spot on. our server was perfectly informed and knew exactly what we needed and what we didn't. its a restaurant about eating good food.Wow! Wow! Wow!  I loved this restaurant. My daughter and I sat at the bar after only a 20 minute wait. Josh, the bartender was terrific. He guided us through the menu and even poured out 3 different tastes of wine before I found the one I liked.  We started with the chorizo stuffed dates, just as everyone suggested, and they exceeded the reviews, amazing.  The salty, spicy bite of the chorizo, tamed by the sweetness of the dates and then both were teased be the smokiness of the bacon!  Nothing short of genius. Next we had the roasted oyster mushrooms with artichoke hearts. The mushrooms were a little bit tough, but everything was cooked beautifully and the flavor was amazing. After that came the transcendent salt cod, Whipped Brandade. I have been eating salt cod my whole life and I can say that this is by far the best I've ever had!(sorry grandma, and mom).  It was whipped into a creamy, salty, ocean brine that tastes like...life. Ridiculously good. The final course was the pork shoulder. Cooked with Spanish Bomba rice and clams. Almost like a version of paella.  Everything was perfect, tender meat, melting pork fat that coated the rice perfectly. All of this great food was complimented by a decor that lets the food speak for itself and allows your dining neighbors compliment your great taste in food.   This place is amazing.Easily my favorite restaurant in Chicago, Avec strikes a perfect balance between refined modernism and plebian communalism--a "diner" for the 21st century. The food is inspired by traditional Mediterranean cuisine but departs to uniquely modern taste combinations. Dishes are usually served in the cookware they were cooked in, from a cast-iron pot of pasta to a wood-fired pizza served on its wooden slab. The menu is divided into large dishes and small dishes--prime dining for a group of friends, or else a good way to make friends with the people around you. One large plate generally serves one person and two or three small plates make for one serving, although all dishes seem destined to be shared. The design of the restaurant itself forces such communalism, with minimalist tables and chairs crammed together side-by-side in the already cramped dining room. Even the diner's relationship to the cooking staff is communal, as the ranges and wood-fire ovens stand open in the corner of the room. I'm usually averse to claustrophobic spaces but something about Avec makes it feel like a room full of friends, loud and close. The outstanding food certainly doesn't hurt in easing me into such amiability. The best advice I can offer to someone going to Avec is: the larger the party the more dishes to try, so bring the gang or elbow up to some new friends whose dishes you can dip your fork into.Would have been five stars had they just one more non-meat option--the pickin's were slim. That said, the kale salad is one I'll remember for a long while, and the octopus was incredible. Excellent tunes--did I hear Mark Farina? And fun vibe. Hour and a half wait on Saturday night.Ugh.  I just don't have the patience that many other reviewers have. So many note the "cool interior space," but to me, it's just a nightmare. They don't take reservations, so people are jammed shoulder to shoulder in a very narrow space. The front door opens in, and I watched as it continually hit unsuspecting people as new people jammed in. The tables are communal and extremely uncomfortable. We were seated at the end of a table, and had to keep getting up from our meal every time someone in the middle of the table wanted to go to the bathroom, was leaving, was arriving, etc. To me, it's annoying, not charming. The tables are so narrow, that when seated across from someone, your toes are practically touching. I was part of a party of three and was seated at the head of the table. There was not even enough room for me to put my feet on the floor under the table, and because the chairs are solid, I couldn't simply curl them up under my seat. I had to semi-straddle this block with my feet curled around the sides. I got poked and pushed every time a server or busser visited the next table. When you are that cramped in, it's hard to enjoy anything. We had the dates, foccacia, greens and squid. All of the food was good, but none of it made me anxious to return.My favorite casual place in the entire city. Never disappoints...never.A restaurant is so much more than just the food. There is the ambiance, the wait staff, the pricing.... Avec gets just about everything right. I want to give it 5-stars but I'm holding back because the interior design of the space creates an acoustic nightmare.My colleague and I had a great meal here last Tuesday night.  For starters, they let us chill at our table for two and a half hours, even though we were eating relatively light -- perhaps it was just a slow weeknight, but it doesn't happen too often in "chic" joints like this.  We had four of the "small plates" and they were all good.  We started with an absolutely scrumptious shaved apple salad that had all kinds of fresh herbs jumping out at us; the description on the menu did not do it justice.  The other course we loved was the amazing chorizo-stuffed medjool dates, which melted in our mouths.  We also got the chicken thighs, which were good but not memorable (this was the last course and we were stuffed at that point), and the sablefish, which was the least interesting of all.  We paired a 250ml bottle of wine with each course, which is a fun way to do it - and 3 of 4 of the waiter's recommendations were very good or better.  The atmosphere and decor were fantastic, so all in all I think Avec earns Four Stars.I wasn't raised on a farm. I have never really even been on a farm. Yet, somehow, I felt like I was wearing overalls, a straw hat & no shoes when we went to Avec. Okay okay, I grew up in the suburbs, so I'm not part of the "scene", but I did grow up in Naperville so it's not as if I'm completely deficient in culture. Anyways, back to the review...we went here because a friend we were with said that he read about it in "GQ" as a great place for late-night eats, & we had just finished a show so we went for it. It was a Saturday night around 9:30p so we expected it to be busy, & it was. We put our name in & waited at the asian bar down the street (past blackbird-can't remember the name-great lychee martinis). About an hour/hour 1/2 later, we went back and were seated. Communal seating, invisible front door(part of the feeling hillbillyesque-couldn't figure out how to open it..) Small, crowded, but pretty good food. I definitely recommend the chorizo stuffed dates-best ever, besides that, the rest of the food was average tapas. Not very many vegetarian options-so if you want good veggie chow, don't come here. The couple next to us were having a detailed, very personal conversation-a little hard to ignore when they're 2 inches from your ear, but we worked thru it. Parting words-(as we got in our cab)"Who wants Wendy's?" 'Nuff said.I don't understand how one can't give this place 5 stars. It's amazing.The food is inventive, yet uses classical ingredients and the dishes retain the distinct flavor of the individual ingredients.  (I'm not sure that the description of "French, Basque" is really that accurate -- it's more Mediterranean.  Think the southern regions of Spain, France and Italy.)  The food is perfectly executed, and is also timed out to arrive in the order in which they think you should eat (which I love).  My favorites are the dates and the deluxe focaccia.  Order them together and you will not regret it.On a recent visit, I went with a friend for her birthday.  We were instantly seated (at the bar), greeted and had a bottle of excellent wine at our table within 5 minutes!  I realize this is not the typical experience as the wait is usually quite long, but I guess going early on a weeknight served us right.  For our wine, we had the 2005 Mas Belle Eaux "Les Coteaux", which was velvety, rich, and went deliciously with the dates and the deluxe focaccia.  It was so good that I found myself hunting around for it today (and came across a pleasant surprise -- it retails for around $21, which means that Avec only marks it up by doubling the retail price instead of tripling it like most restaurants -- extra points for Avec).  Anyway, those two dishes were ridiculous, as usual.  We also tried the salad with fennel, cherries, onions and marinated feta cheese----yum! I was a bit hesitant to order it because I find that fennel can really overpower a salad if not used correctly.  I should have known not to doubt Avec! It was fabulous and will be on my list of must-haves from now on.Our server, Josh, was super friendly and attentive.  He also made great wine recommendations.  We just had to stay for an extra glass of wine after dinner when they started playing old-school Outkast.   I love Avec for many reasons, but especially for offering the opportunity to, on a Wednesday night, drink fine red wine while listening to ATLiens.This place is one that I think every foodie needs to visit! The food is outstanding and the interior is so neat. Often you will sit at a table with other people, which seems odd but made the experience better for myself and my date. We chatted with those around us and by the end of the night we were all sharing the different dishes we had ordered. This place is completely unique from other restaurants in the city. Don't miss it.I was disappointed as I heard a lot of great things about Avec.  However, the dishes were really hit or miss.  The brusell sprout salad is excellent.  The salmon tar tar is also good.  However, the pasta dish has anchovies in it (why!?!) which overpowered the dish to the point that it left a horrible aftertaste.  The steak appetizer was overcooked and bland.great environment for a great meal. a compelling menu that delivers quality plates.if i lived in chicago i would come here all the time!!!I came here with two friends for drinks after having heard and read amazing reviews about Avec. Before we even walked in, an attendant (or possibly the doorman), instead of letting us in, just stood in the middle of the doorway, and we had to say "please excuse us" to get by. The hostess seated us without taking our coats, and we realized later she was taking others'. The busboy brought us glasses of water and, for some reason, my glass was 1/2 full (yes, literally).... We had a couple of Blanche de Bruxelles and promptly left.  I have never felt more unwelcome at a classy establishment. My experience at Blackbird was nothing like this. I'll be back here to try the food and hopefully change my review.So I've heard alot about Avec from my colleagues and I live only a few blocks away and I never got a chance to try this place till this past weekend. I went with my boyfriend and another couple visiting from Toronto. We went around 6PM and it was relatively not so crowded surprisingly. We were seated RIGHT next to another table, literally I would be touching the woman from the next table if my ginormous LV purse was not in between us. Our waitress was very nice but not helpful with what dishes were popular, and I do really hate it when they say "all the dishes are my favorite". I started off with the ice tea which was very tasty and refreshing and my tablemates had nice cold beers ("Blanche de Bruxelles) which was delicious. We ordered several dishes, the chorizo dates, pan fried sardines, pork shoulder and the whitefish. We ONLY ordered one fish dish, but apparently our waitress got confused and got us the whole roasted fish too. When we confronted her, she was making it seem like our fault, and how we should have listened better, and with no apologies.  Girlfriend, if you work in a customer service occupation, the customer is ALWAYS right. Anyways, the sardines were terrible but that's cause I am not a huge fan of sardines. The whole roasted fish was good, not anything special and the dates were good but I am not a huge bacon fan either. Even though I did not like the food as much as I would have liekd to, I would go back there again because I think my table got all the wrong dishes. I mean, I've heard such great reviews, I think I must have missed something! Overall, terrible service but food was decent. I will go back there again and get the RIGHT dishes.I came here on a snowy weekend night, so it wasn't too hard to get a table, though the space is small. The waitstaff were attentive and friendly, and to echo some of the previous reviews, the playlist sounded like something from my own iPod! Since I was dining solo, I just got a glass of the wine du jour (a 2010 Merlot from Lazio, pretty much what you'd expect from a $9 glass of wine -- not great, but ok with food), along with the much-hyped dates and the crispy duck small plate with couscous and squash. The dates were even better and bigger than I expected (and not overly spicy) -- I had to share some with my neighbors. The crispy duck couscous was so-so -- I think it needed a little more flavor depth, though I did like the sourness of whatever the squash had been marinating in. A pretty positive experience, and this was a meal that could easily have been for two people with another small plate.douchey bartenderI have only been here once, but I enjoyed my meal and the service very much. The food is mostly Mediterranean kind, made the French way. The combination of ingredients in some dishes are very interesting.  There were two of us and these are the dishes that we ordered: House marinated olives, Whipped brandade with garlic bread and chives, Wood-fired squid amatriciana: san marzano tomatoes, guanciale, fideo and fennel aioli, Marinated chicken thigh with bomba rice, charmoula, red kuri squash and apples, Crispy merluza with ajo blanco, grapefruit, arbequina olives and treviso, and Gelato with nuts and cherries. Everything was very tasty and the portion size was just right. The only dish that was a bit much for just one person was the brandade, as it is a bit greasy and it comes with bread that is enough for two persons. We had wine- 2004 Luis Canas, temranillo- I liked it a lot, and the pricefor it was for 250ml, which is more that just a regular wine glass size. Our server was polite and attentive, and did not bother us with "Is everything ok, Did you need anything else"-type of questions every five minutes( like in many other restaurants I've been to). The hostess, Sam, was friendly and knowledgeable when it comes to food. I like the fact that every time the busboy brought a dish to us, he introduced the dish by listing all the ingredients inside. The music was not very loud and we were able to converse easily. We will definitely be back to try some other delicious stuff here.Dates & focaccia are a must! Could eat this food every night.Let me get this out of the way: If you go here, you must order the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon. I have to agree with the other fellow Yelpers. This was the dish of the night for me. My taste buds were calling an emergency conference call, figuring how to go about attacking this unusual and ridiculously fantastic collection of flavors. An order comes with four; consider ordering two dishes. As for the rest. The canteloupe salad was really good. The focaccia was fantastic, but be warned: one order could fill a hippopotamus. Deceptively filling. What was funny was that we ordered the focaccia, but so did the three other pairs of people at our table. (One probably would've been enough for the entire table!) The pork shoulder: extremely tender, huge portion, but a little bland. I wanted to love it. So you can't make RSVPs here. But we went at 6:30 PM on a Thursday night without a problem. So it's crowded. Okay, it gets loud, but honestly, you adjust and realize it's a super atmosphere; fun, lively, and, of course, delicious. And finally the wine. I let our waitress pair the wines for us. She did extremely well. You will be stuffed by the end of this meal. Prepare yourself. And you've been warned about the focaccia. You will hurt in the happiest of ways. You will be caught rubbing your belly in public. And you'll be A-OK with that.great food. great concept, great design.  guess you could say i think it's pretty good.Oh avec, I love you so.  If I were rich, I would eat and drink here much more often.  Like every night possibly until I got big and fat and became an alcoholic and/or cheese addict.   Awesome wine bar with excellent food.  You can eat tapas style delicious gourmet munchies, or you can actually sit and have a full meal.  It gets a bit crowded, and a wee bit loud, and this place is teeny tiny so expect a possible wait.  But oh my it is worth it.  There is nothing better than sitting at the bar drinking some champ, some wine, and enjoying some cheese and a few plates with your significant other or your best friend.   Service has always been impeccable and I have never had a bad experience here.  Thank you avec, for being located in chicago but making me feel like i am in a cozy little hidden gem on side street somewhere in europe or nyc.  There is definitely a need and a market for a place like this in chicago (as evidenced by the always good crowd).  My only recommendation is that they open another avec - within walking distance of my home!Avec is my go-to place in the city when I feel like eating  a hearty, home-style meal especially during the cold months in Chicago. I find the food to be heavy to eat during the summer months, but that's just me. Go try it! Everyone's been talking about their dates - get them, and get the pork shoulder, too. I know, it's a lot of pork product, but you won't be disappointed. I've had to deal with the long wait during the weekends, so I  have learned to compromise and I typically hit this place up during the week and try to come before the after-work crowd piles in. What's great about this place (besides the food and wine list )- you have a warm and welcoming ambiance with a young/young-at-heart crowd, so there isn't a snobby "don't ask questions about our menu" vibe (much like its neighbor, Blackbird, next door). You get SO much for your money here. The prices are "student friendly" if you decide to split the bill with your friends. I wouldn't suggest bringing a huge crew with you - limit the group to 5 at the most if ya'll want to be seated together quickly.I dont know how else to describe this place other than I love it.  The energy is very high.  The wine pours are generous.  The food is delicious.  I only wish I lived closeryum yum yum! jsut like blackbird...im still thinking about what i ate 5 months later. the stuffed dates...yum! egg salad...yum! beer...great! oohh it was all good. and i loved the wood everywhere it was so warm in the freezing winter. i went twice in a few days and both times i had the nicest, most interesting ppl sitting near me. theres nothing better eating alone and not being bored or feeling like loner at a restaurant. if i lived in chicago i would be here every night after work!!Normally I would not give five stars to a place that made us wait TWO hours for a seating for 4, but the food was so unbelievably good that it made up for the wait.  We had a few drinks at the sushi place a few doors down then another at Blackbird.  Maybe all the drinking made the wait bearable.  We ordered the foccacia -- so delicious we had to talk my friend down from ordering another one, the bucatini was out of this world.  I am not a big pasta person, but this was just so perfectly done.  The chestnut and lima bean crostinis were up there with the bucatini for me although my friends did not enjoy them as much.  And then there were the dates wrapped in love ie bacon -- these are not your average bacon wrapped dates, they are huge and stuffed with chorizo and were just fantastic.  We also had the esgargot which I skipped, but my friends raved about.  For dessert we had the crepes which were meh in my book, but the homemade crunch bar was delicious.  When the check came we were shocked that even with 2 bottles of wine it was less than $40 each before tip.  I love the loudness and craziness of this place which may annoy some people.  The food was outstanding and this might be my new favorite place in Chicago.Ok, so the wait on a Saturday was about an hour and half long. Standing. Outside. Usually I would rather get a sunburn in my nether regions then wait that long for food. BUT. They were were so accommodating with a cocktail server coming out to make sure our water and wine glasses were filled. So it satiated the thirsty part pf me. Finally when we were seated in this communal style table that made me feel like being on a airplane and glad that I got the aisle seat. Anyhoo, the food is the point here. We got the brussel sprouts + sockeye tuna tartar+ cauliflower salad + pork shoulder = heaven. Everything was yummy but the pork shoulder was the reason that we were created with taste buds. It was slow cooked till it was fork cutable in this broth with chorizo, lima beans, tomato and some other deliciousness, With that ending the meal, we didn't want to soil our palate with any ideas of dessert. For the three of us, we ordered 3 small plates, 1 large plate and bottle of wine ( total 100$), it was the perfect amount. ( 2 girls and 1 big guy). The service was impeccable and it was fun and noisy. Definitely sunburn worthy!i'm sorry i haven't written a review yet! this place is fantastic for grabbing drinks with friends or a date. great wine and cocktail selection. i love the idea of small plates in general, but when they're this good - it makes you want to keep coming back. over and over and over again.Everything about this place is amazing! Food, wine and amibiance were perfect!I love Avec. It is one of my favorite places to meet friends after work for some great wine, food and conversation. Avec is both communal dining and shared plates, so it may not be the best place for you if you are looking for a romantic night out. Avec is small and does not accept reservations, but that being said, I have never had to wait more that 45 minutes, and that is on the weekend. If I arrive right after work, I have always been seated immediately. Service has always been outstanding, and the waitstaff is knowledge about the menu. Favorites of mine include the the roasted wild salmon and the whipped brandade with garlic bread and chives. And everyone seems to love the chorizo-stuffed dates. I also had the best salad I have ever had in my life here, which is not currently being offered, but I am hopeful it will return once its ingredients are in season again. Dessert is worth it if you still have room at the end of your meal.One of the best things about this place is how affordable it is. I usually leave spending about $40, which includes wine, dessert, and numerous shared entrees. It makes eating at Avec often possible, which is fantastic, at least for me.Wow the food is absolutely amazing! I wish the wait didn't have to be so long but it's definitely worth it!just try it. you'll see that it's well worth it. it's great food that's eaten amongst friends as a community.Avec is one of THE best restaurants in Chicago.  It is THE epitome of greatness. Hands down.  I kid you not.  It's one of the few places of its league that I want to go back to consistently.  I know Chicago has a ton of great restaurants and going to the same place all the time may seem almost a waste of time, but Avec is the exception.  Yes, it is THAT great.I am picky.  And not just about food.  I am high maintenance about the service and atmosphere that my food is served in.  I don't eat just to get full - I eat for the food.  I would rather starve than eat bad food.  My boyfriend can verify all of that in a heartbeat.  Anyway.  Back to Avec.  Everything (and I mean EVERYTHING) on Avec's menu is consistently delicious in a very down-to-earth kind of way; the inviting, warm, casual-yet-chic atmosphere as well as the spunky, personable servers only enhance the entire experience.  I am usually not a fan of communal-style seating in a restaurant but Avec somehow does it right - it is cozy and intimate and the crowd there is always friendly so it works perfectly with the whole ambiance.  I will not sit here and recommend specific dishes that you need to try because I am certain that no matter what you order, you will not be disappointed.  The food comes in small portions (which I absolutely LOVE) so you can get a fair sample of a good portion of the menu.  One thing that I will say is definitely try the wines - it comes in smaller portions so you can have more variety.  They have a wonderful collection of wines and the servers make great recommendations.  It is an open kitchen, where you can see the chefs preparing your food at no matter where you're sitting in the restaurant.  It is the second best open kitchen besides Joel Robuchon in Las Vegas (but that is another story for another day).  There is something awfully comforting about knowing how your food is being prepared.  That is minor though - just an added bonus.The one thing and the only thing that should ever hold you back from going to Avec is the wait.  As you already know by now, they do not take reservations and chances are you will have to wait, and waiting sucks because you're 50% starving and 50% pissed off and all you do is stand there and watch other people devour the food you came to eat.  Well at Avec, the wait can be part of the experience.  Get drinks while you wait.  And when it's not freezing outside, they set up wine barrels as tables and umbrellas so you can enjoy your drinks outside.  AND, you'll probably be sipping on an empty stomach so chances are, you will get at least somewhat tipsy, which will make the wait go a hell of a lot faster.  Don't get me wrong - I am NOT a patient person and I do NOT like wait for a meal - it's different at Avec though - just trust me.  Don't let the wait hold you back. Basically, if you live in Chicago (or anywhere close) and you haven't gone to Avec yet, you are missing out on life.  Sure, the food isn't cheap and definitely not diet-friendly, but let me tell you what you need to do: starve yourself for a day or two so you're saving not only the money but also the calories and haul your ass to Avec.  Do yourself a favor and JUST GO.I know, I know, everyone loves this place.  I am definitely NOT a foodie, so maybe that's the problem and I also don't eat things which at one point had faces or things which came from things with faces (i.e. I'm a vegan).  Turns out this poses a eating-challenge here.  Our wait wasn't too bad for a Saturday night (about 1/2 hour); we passed it sipping a good wine outside by the warming "posts" which were appreciated (although chairs might have been nice too), but inside - aye-yay-yay.  The long string of tables runs all along the one wall (with the other wall being a bar/kitchen), so you're essentially sitting RIGHT next to the guy next to you, whether you came with him or not.  I had to get out every time the two next to me wanted to use the washroom or whatever because they were literally trapped in. Weird. It IS beautiful in there, planked wood everywhere (tables, floor, walls, ceiling), but this does nothing for the acoustics.  Pair that with the buzzed foodies pressing against your thigh and you've got a very loud establishment and many overheard conversations.  People were just having a good time, but I was not.  I had to raise my voice more than was comfortable, just to speak to my dinner companions.  Eh. That would have been enough, but there was also a drastic shortage of vegan options.  I found one small plate and another that was debatably legit.  Granted, what I had was tasty, but even if I'd have had choices and it was delicious, I can do without the noise and too-close-for-comfort seating. Just not for me, but I do realize I'm in the minority. Oh well, what's new?Never had a bad experience at Avec.  Best pork shoulder in town.  Good wine selections.  Wish the dininng room was 2' wider so I could have a bit more elbow room, but the interior design makes up for the lack of floor space.  Perhaps best of all - the kitchen is open real late.Ate here sometime last year and really enjoyed my meal - good bottle of wine, pea bruschetta spread, and whole roasted fish were all delicious. And I love the atmosphere! Pretty small and a tight squeeze. Seems like one of those places that would be good for a casual/fun date night but also for a small group. I was eager to get back, but they were closed for a while. FINALLY had the chance to come back this month and wow - totally blown away. I liked Avec before, but now I absolutely love it. We had to wait a while for a table and standing room inside is extremely limited (it was one of those super cold nights in early Sept) so that was kind of a bummer. There's no true "bar" so there are only so many places to wait and have a drink while you wait for your table. As long as you're willing to wait, grab a drink and stand to the side, or go elsewhere until your table is ready then you will be set to go.  I can understand why some people don't like the tightly packed, almost communal style of this place - but for me, it's worth it.Nice. Too crowded, too noisy and the food is ok. Love the designgreat atmosphere, packed, food tasted amazing as if it was actually firewood grilled! 2 small or 1 large feeds 1 personI expected to be "wowed" after reading all the great reviews for Avec but I have to say, I was a bit underwhelmed.  I went with my sister at around 6pm on a weekday, and luckily we didn't have to wait for a table.  It did take us a while to find the door, however, since it blends in with the wall.  The decor was simple but I did not like sharing tables and sitting in between two groups of people.  If I needed to use the bathroom (which, fortunately for the "tables" next to us, I didn't need to), then everyone on one side of me would have to stop eating and conversing to let me out, and later, do it again to let me back in.  A few people actually had to get up at the end of our meal so that I could get out to leave.  Annoying. If you want to eat and converse with some privacy, this is not the place for you. The group to the left of us was super loud while the couple to our right was quiet (and I think they were listening to our conversation...)Our waitress (an older woman who was a little frumpy and looked like she just rolled out of bed) played favorites, which was clear because she told the table next to us that there were specials for the day but did not tell us that there were any specials...we found that strange but that (and her slow, almost neglectful, service) was reflected in her tip so no worries. We ordered the deluxe focaccia (with cheese, truffle oil, and herbs), the wood-fired flatbread (with mushrooms, spinach, bacon, and goat cheese), marinated hanger steak with kale chips, and the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon.  That was wayyy too much food for two people but they served as mediocre drunk munchies later on in the night.  The focaccia was good but very salty.  The hanger steak didn't have much flavor but was cooked well.  The flatbread with goat cheese wasn't flavorful either, and probably could have used some of the salt that was used in excess on the focaccia.  The only thing worth eating was the chorizo-stuffed dates...they were amazing.  Filling and flavorful...my mouth is watering just thinking about them!I'm really not a picky eater but I do enjoy flavorful (not salty) foods with good service.  The service could use improvement, and the food was so-so.  If you go, order the chorizo-stuffed dates with a glass of wine, and call it a night.  (P.S. the guy who fills your water does it so aggressively that it splashes onto your food/phone/anything you leave on the table so watch out)Just epic.  Food, service, location all 5 stars.Although food was good, nothing is worth waiting 2 hours.  They don't take reservations and we gave our name and cell phone when we got there.  We were told it would be an hour.  We went across to Embeya (GREAT RESTAURANT!!!) for a drink and came back to wait at Avec for another hour.  There is no place to stand while waiting, we were constantly hit by the door. Once seated we were crowded in, on a bench,  between two couples, so someone had to move every time we had to get up.  The noise was deafening! Couldnt even hear the waitress. The 2 in our party not on the bench were constantly hit and jostled by passing patrons and waiters.  Food was good and creative, but wouldn't go back.It's a hip and trendy place to be seen. It is open late in a city with few upscale places for a late night nosh. The seats are hard and uncomfortable and the music is too loud and i want to hate it but...the food is absolutely delicious and tremendously good value even if it isn't exactly cheap. Braised dishes and the whole-fish special are my personal favorites on an ever changing menu that seems to never have a dud dish on it. The wine list is also full of affordable and tasty options. This is a serious restaurant with features that, while not for me, will appeal to many. At any rate the food keeps me coming back.Saw this place featured on the food network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" 3 days before going to Chicago.  Yes, have the fig-chorizo-bacon dish!  YUMAvec combines a trendy, fun atmosphere with really good food. I think it's the wood fired oven but everything is so delicious and creative. Drinks are great as well. Must have the bacon wrapped dates. The room is small and feels a bit like a sauna (not temperature but wood decor) like others said, but it's fun to sit close in a intimate setting. Just don't go there starving because you will have to wait. Going early or late in the night or weeknight seems to be much better.I cannot say enough good things about Avec, it is truly one of my favorite restaurants.  I love the changing menu, the wine list and the cheese and salumi is hands down the best. I don't know where and how they cook their bread but it's amazing. The staff is quirky and helpful - I like to have them pick out cheese for me sometimes as I get stuck in a rut and tend to stick with the same ones.  You can't go with the expectation of getting seated right away - I agree that the no reservations approach can be frustrating but at least you don't have to wait forever to get a reservation. I think with the communal seating, you can choose to engage in conversation with the people next to you or not - I don't think you are forced to.  Being able to come in at 11 pm for dinner is great if you decide last minute that you are starving and want to stop by after a cocktail party or something. They have a tendency to play whole albums vs. multiple songs which makes the vibe great - one night I heard the sex pistols - nice and different. You also don't walk away spending a ridiculous amount of money on dinner - you share the dishes, the wine pricing range is diverse and you don't walk out hungry.Avec is a great small restaurant located next door to Blackbird. Both  are owned and operated by Paul Kahan. I like each for different reasons. Avec is great if you need to grab dinner before a show. They open at 3 PM. Also they do a selection of small plates, so it's not a ton of food before you sit in a theater for 3 hours. The style of food is healthy French; lots if flavor minus the butter and cream. Their wine selection is exotic; little known labels at a great price. I've been several times and the food/service was always good. They always have a whole grilled fish on the menu. It changes and rotates constantly. Unfortunately, the last time we had their signature dish, it was a bit overcooked and overpriced. It was small at 24 oz's for $40.The only drawback is this restaurant is not romantic. The atmosphere is stark and utilitarian. It gets very crowed and fills up fast. Noise is a factor. The kitchen is up front, so if you like to watch, sit at the bar.I've been going to Avec for years.  It's always a wonderful experience for my friends and I.  Yes, there is always a wait, but I think it is worth it.  The staff is always very helpful with drinks while you wait.  The kitchen staff, wait staff, hosts, bartenders and bussers have always been very knowledgeable and quick.i have been there twice now and both times i have had the whole fish....and i am convinced that is the main reason to go to avec. super trendy. always crowded but worth the trouble. and the perfect, fun date spot. but the whole fish is the reason i will be returning and returning.As you approach avec, you will be greeted by a crowd of people hovering around the empty barrels sipping from avec's delectable wine and beer selection as they anxiously await for their dining experience to begin. It takes a few moments to grab the hostess's attention, but while the wait may be painful, it is worth it.We were not picky and opted to take two seats at the bar conveniently located directly in front of the main chef. So with this fantastic seating opportunity, my sister and I did not shy away from finding out every detail of ingredients being used, recommendations for the evening, and other random questions we were dying to know about every dish that came out. He was a good sport in keeping his focus on the food while still having a moment or two to chat.We started with the chorizo stuffed dates which not to be redundant to the many other reviewers, were satiating. The spice in the chorizo complimented the sweetness of the date and the red pepper sauce they were cooked in added an even more dynamic layer of flavor. We were doubly surprised by the taste and the enormous portion size for the dates - very filling. Next came the hanger steak salad with fresh strawberries - unique combination of flavors and refreshingly light to follow the richness of the dates. Our main dish was the braised pork shoulder served in a broth with garlic sausage, tomatoes, pesto, and a pasta. Again the meat was unbelievably tender. However, at this point in the meal, we had a lot of meat and probably in hindsight would have gotten a lighter seafood dish (the trout looked so good, i was jealous we didn't go with that - have to come back again) instead of three hearty meat dishes. Our meal was not yet complete until we savored the fried polenta cake with dried cherries served under a large drop of marscapone. Wow, I wish I could have had a few of those! This was truly a memorable dining experience and we were both shocked at the feasibility of the experience as well.excellent little restaurant with amazingly creative food.  i love the cramped space, the almost wooden trendy atmosphere and the lively patreons that gobble everything up.  it's small/medium size dishes is just what i needed and when i needed.  reminds me of momofuku, but more american.  i love it!Very fun atmosphere that lives up to the hype of the food- actually surpassed my expectations!  Delicious!Fantastic.  Been here over 10 times and have never once been disappointed.  This place is a great place to bring guests from out of town or for just grabbing a bite with friends.  I dream about the chorizo stuffed dates from this place, and you will too if you've had them!wow...this place was amazing. The waitress knew exactly what she was talking about when it came to pairing the food and the precise adult beverage. And she has a way of making you feel right at home and at ease. The bacon wrapped dates were simply AMAZING. The sausage was delicious as well. and the cooked salmon was just to die for. (and i'm not even a cooked salmon fan).We loved the food at Avec.   It was the service that turned us off.  It seems like they forgot that this was Chicago not Paris.  The hostest wasn't very friendly.  We arrived early, so I asked if we could sit at the bar.  She said, "ok, but you might I'll have to move you if someone wants to eat a full dinner there."  That just seems weird, seeing as we ordered $13 dollar beers and a $12 dollar appetizer.  About 30 mins into our stay at the bar, someone finally asked us if we wanted to check our coats.  We did, but later found they had been thrown under the bar.  When we finally sat down, I asked the waitress, "do you have a dessert menu?"  She curtly replied "it's verbal, are you ready."  I was totally confused.  Maybe I'm just not hip enough to get Avec.  But it was a confusing and unfriendly experience.Loved this place on my visit to the Windy City.  I could eat Chorizo-stuffed Medjool dates all day long.I tried dates, pork shoulder and foccacia, all great and very rich. I loved them all!Whoa.  This is some of the best food I've had in Chicago.  My girlfriend and I GORGED for her bday, and we ordered 6 items.  Best thing on the menu: chorizo-stuffed medjool dates!  Must get them.  The anchovie flatbread was also surprisingly light and refreshing.  The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is due to the space and no reservation policy.  I would love to bring out of towners here, but would be terrified we'd have to wait a long time (the bar situation is not ideal either).After reading reviews online, myself and a friend were very excited to visit here during a girls trip to Chicago. The experience in a word was, underwhelming. We arrived at about 5pm without a reservation and were seated at the bar. We ordered the roasted corn crostini with pepitas, smokey peppers and watercress and the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates with smoked bacon and piquillo pepper-tomato sauce. Although we ordered together, the crostini arrived about 5 mins before the dates. Upon attempting to cut a crostini in half to share, I almost sent half of it flying across the room. It was as hard as a hockey puck and burnt substantially. When the bartender approached to ask how our food was some 5 mins later I requested a new crostini be made. She obliged but seemed insincere with her apology. When the new dish returned about 10 mins later, the crostini was half the thickness and barely toasted at all. My friend said the the dates were tasty but not phenomenal. Overall the experience was ok, the food was saved by the atmosphere of the patronage and a pleasant decor. There was a line well out the door when we were leaving around 7pm, not really sure what all the hype is about.Do yourself a favor and go.  I have eaten at tons of great restaurants - but few have made me call my chef brother and tell him to get on a flight.  The chorizo stuffed bacon wrapped dates made me pick up the phone and call.  They were amazing.  Perfect mixture of fat, salt, sweet, acid, and spice. Everything else was top notch - but I will dream about those dates!The food is fabulous. Unfortunately, it is the single loudest restaurant I have ever experienced. Something must be done to deaden the noise level of this place. Shouting at your friends at dinner is horrid. We wanted to escape rather than linger in such a wretchedly annoying environment.Avec is def. worth the wait. The food is innovative, delicious and reasonably priced.  We shared the goose sausage, a whole roasted snapper, and a lamb sausage pizza- they were all great!The food was so good! I loved the atmosphere, you really sit close to the people around you. I wouldn't like to eat that way everynight, but it fit the restaurant. Our waiter helped us pick out some really tasty dishes. Very good service! I would definately go back!!I love the interior of this place.  I like the shared seating.  Food can be anywhere from great to disappointing.  Of course, get the dates.  Dessert is always good.  Salads are always good.  Go on a full stomach, by the time you get in, you'll be hungry again.I love Avec. I think it has some of the most interesting, tasty, and fresh dishes in all of Chicago. I took a foodie friend here who was visiting from LA and she said it was one of the best meals she has ever had. The service is amazing, the food is great and it has a nice warm feel to the place.order the dates!This is a absolutely one of the best places to meet friends, eat, drnk, and be merry. Their cooks are definitely badass and it shows in the food. Service is casual, into what they are doing, and very accomodating. To avoid the crowds, go early or go lateThere's no excuse for rudeness, and certainly not at these prices, but that's what I got from the hostess AND the server on my recent visit. The food was good, but I don't get the sauna-like ambiance with the communal seating. Why is that interesting? The noise just reverberates.excellent food at very reasonable prices.  we ordered the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates.  the hanger steak and the chicken.  all was delicious.  also ordered a bottle of wine, dessert, and coffee which put the bill at $120 all said and done for 2 ppl (including tip/tax) ..  that's not too bad for such a nice restaurantthey were out of the pork shoulder, which was a bit disappointing considering all the great reviews.Avec is my new favorite spot! The food was outstanding. The service was incredible. From the moment our party of four walked in, everything was perfect. We ordered the Focaccia. I almost died. You know the food is good when everyone stops talking. We had to get another order. Also, the scallops were outstanding. I can't wait to go back!I have been to this place 5 or 6 times now and it has been incredible each and every time, it is my favorite restaurant in the city, hands down and this is why :1) The food, of course. Everything, and I mean everything, I have tried is heaven in your mouth.  From their signature chorizo stuffed dates to their flatbreads that change ingredients every time, to their unique pasta dishes, fish, beef, you NAME it, I  am always impressed.  Flavors are so unique and pungent.  Desserts are equally as scrumptious.  I won't even try to make a list of everything I've had there b/c it's been so many different things!2) The atmosphere.  The communal tables are are such a fun concept, and the modern,  clean looking atmosphere just makes you feel like you are somewhere important.  3) The service - always friendly and willing to answer your questions with care - you don't even get the feeling they are just answering you to answer.4) Drinks - They have a fantastic craft brew list if you're looking for beer, their wine list is unique and haven't gone wrong with a bottle yet, and they have an adequate bar for mixed drinks.  Although no mixed drink list, I have asked 3 times now for the waiter to just  "surprise me" with a fun, tasty, pre-dinner cocktail and every time they have been more than happy to do it and I've loved each of them.5) Prices for what you get are extremely reasonable! you leave full, but not too full, and excited about the next time you get a chance to come back.Overall, more a than pleasant experience and I would recommend it to  anyone and everyone for a great night out on the town!  I will be returning for my 7th or 8th time i a couple of weeks and I can't wait!Down right fabulous place to eat whether on a date or for a meal with family. The space itself is unique and tests your eye. The hangar steak was succulent and well-glazed, bursting with complex flavors and hearty meat. And the foccacia brad soaked in the perfect amount of cheeses just leaves you wish you had a bigger stomach for more. Ended with a great cappuccino. Definitely coming here again! Wish the service was a tad bit friendlier.I stumbled in here after walking out from the loop to the Publican only to find that it was closed for a private party -- on a Saturday evening! (Boo on you, Publican.).  Anyway, after the frosty host kindly checked the duffel bag I was lugging, I was seated at the bar elbow-to-elbow in a place completely packed at 5pm.  I had a nice starter of fresh anchovies on grilled flatbread, followed by octopus.  Both of these dishes were very good. The bartender talked me into a sort of muffin with rhubarb compote and "yoghurt sorbet" for dessert that I don't think I would bother to have again; it was fine, but not my thing.  This place is clearly trending right now.  It does have very good food and a nice selection of wines by the glass and bottled beer.This is absolutely my favorite restaurant.  Everything I have ever ordered has been creative, inventive, and most importantly, delicious.  It is very casual but hip.  The space is small, and the tables are potentially communal.  I don't normally talk to the people we end up sharing tables with, but I don't mind being so close.  Its fun to people watch and see what others are ordering.  The service is always great.  They never hover or over-serve, but they always pace things appropriately - which is important for small plates.  And the servers are very smart and intuitive about wine.  If you go, get the foccacia, it is sublime.  My only complaint would be that they don't have very many dessert options.  Skip the homemade candy bars.So I got caught up in the hype of how amazing this place was suppose to be; I was simply dying to go. That day came and sadly I wasn't impressed. The food wasn't anything special, but it was worth the trip. I got to see friends I had not seen in a while!This is absolutely positively my favorite restaurant in the entire world. I travel often and have ate at hot spots around the world. Nothing beats Avec. Of course, you must get the bacon wrapped dates. However, the menu is always changing, and new great stuff added all the time. Plus, make sure to get some cheese and meat. I am not a cheese connoisseur, but this place leaves something to be desired!I have been to some of the best restaurants in Chicago, including Charlie Trotter's, Tru, Blackbird, etc., and Avec used to be my favorite hands down.  However, my recent trip here was a huge disappointment.  The hostess was snooty, and we waited forever for the waitress to take our drink order while we stood outside.  The service inside was a lot better, but the food was disappointing.  We had the latest incarnation of the flatbread, which was uninteresting and just too salty.  In fact, all of the food was too salty.  What happened, Avec?There are enough great reviews of Avec that I feel I don't have much to add.  Consistently truly wonderful food.  Everyone who goes here loves it.  I can't wait to go again and again and again.  The only thing equally as good in Chicago is Avec's younger brother, Publican.I love this place. Have been here a few times. Not miss: chorizo-stuffed  dates, "deluxe" - taleggio cheese and truffle oil flatbread, braised pork shoulder when on the menu along with the couscous. Drinks are good, waiter/waitresses very helpful and friendly. Overall, a great meal out that is not too expensive!Chorizo Stuffed Dates.... Great wine list... Makes me happySo glad Avec is open again. Like most reviewers, I'm obsessed with the chorizo stuffed dates and foccacia!Not too much to add to what's been said.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in Chicago. Wonderful food with great variety and flavor combination. The small seating area and communal tables make for a great ambiance. Never had a bad bottle of wine and the service is always good. To top it off, it's incredibly reasonably priced; four can have a large meal with two bottles of wine for only ~$70 dollars a piece.We dined late Sunday evening and had a great spot at the bar.  The food was fabulous - we followed our waitress' recommendations.  We had a great evening.  I look forward to returning.Bacon-wrapped chorizo stuffed dates....'nuff said.Of course the bacon wrapped dates were unreal... the rest of the food was good, but nothing too special.  I will try again.  Cool interior.A couple weeks ago I went here on a date with my girlfriend, who's from out of town.  I wanted to show her the nicer side of the city and sure enough, she got it.  We had the best time.  Everything from the atmosphere to the food, the wine, and the service is great.  We didn't really know what we were getting into (we don't go to nice restaurants often) but Marcus, the bartender took us for a trip with a tour of their wines and their food.  Neither of us know anything about wine, nor are we big wine drinkers, but we both learned way more about wine than we'll ever need to know, and we sure enjoyed drinking it too.  The menu is pretty extensive and kind of out of our usual dining clique, but with the advice of the staff, we had a bunch of really delicious food.  As has been stated on here by pretty much everybody, the chorizo-stuffed dates were the tastiest thing I've eaten in a long time.It is a pretty busy place, so you may have to wait for a seat, but we got lucky and were seated at the bar right away.  I would definitely recommend Avec for anyone who wants to take a girl out to impress her or even someone who just wants to sit at the bar and learn about wine.  I can't say much for the rest of the staff, because I didn't interact with them, but everyone there seemed incredibly happy to be there (which is definitely something you want in a restaurant!)Absolutely incredible dining experience - not only for the food, but for the value. My girlfriend and I ordered 4 small plates and the antipasto, and our bill came to $70, including tip, and were both full when we left. We had, from most to least favorite: the chorizo stuffed, bacon wrapped dates - best thing I've ever eaten. It's smokier and spicier than the bacon wrapped dates you're probably used to, but in a very, very good way. Second - couscous with duck leg confit, marinated squash, and a quail egg on top. Most exquisite flavor combinations. Third, divine white fish with very crispy skin, with some citrus fruit and a light and creamy puree of pistachio and some other flavor that made me scrape the plate with my fork. Last, we had a hanger steak with lentils, crispy fried capers that were fantastic to crunch on, and pieces of grapefruit. The flavor combination was again amazing, but the steak was slightly overcooked in a couple of places. Regardless, it was 110% worth the price we paid.Chorizo stuffed dates... Need I say more? Amazing meal. Chaotic atmosphere because it's packed and small. What else do you expect? Worth every minute of the wait.so good!! i loved it.I came here on a Sunday night, hoping it wasn't too busy, with a few friends. We had heard great things but had never been before. Let me tell you, This was the most wonderful dining experience I have had in my adult life. With a majority of thanks going to Marcus, our waiter/bartender. Not knowing much about the menu ourselves, Marcus was able to find the perfect plates for our group and apatite as well as pair it perfectly with the wine. Marcus is Incredibly knowledgeable of the wine they serve, to a point that would make a Frenchman go crying back into his mothers arms. This was a few months ago but I remember the charizo stuffed dated with bacon, the clams and chili sauce (the wine pairing for that was amazing, had a great spice) and the Brusselsprout and brisket salad  (Marcus paired it with a rich leathery red that I cannot pronounce, it was one of the most savory glasses of wine I have ever had). If you are attending and see a skinny, devilishly handsome man tending, I would suggest sitting at the bar. Marcus is worth it.i had been wanting to go to avec for quite some time....so for my bday dinner i was surprised with getting to finally see what it was about!  we were promptly seated by a sweet, cutie pie of a hostess.  i didn't mind sitting next to strangers, in fact i enjoy it.  it's nice to get a chance to talk to other diners & ask about what they are eating instead of just gawking at their food like i do in other restaurants.  the service was amazing.  the server was knowledgable but not snooty about it.  i also like that he was willing to say when he didn't know something.  he also let the table next to us know they were ordering too much food,  also impressive to me, i think his name was david & when we go back i will be requesting him!   we like to eat so we had 3 "small plates"..the tuna w/ a hard boiled egg (amazing combo), the stuffed dates (so sweet & so salty, my fave, packed some of those to go) & the pea crostini (fresh & light).  then we did 2 entrees (we only ate a little of these & had them packed up so we could save room for cheese & salami the little we did eat of the pork shoulder & the octopus entree were amazing).  david-? was extremely helpful with assisting us in picking our cheeses & i asked for him to suggest an after dinner drink to go along, he brought us the most amazing sherry that went so well with everything!  i was proud of our experience & even mentioned to my date that i bet our server is impressed with our ordering tonight & sure enough david said "by the way nice job guys".  (sorry i'm dorky & get excited about stuff like that).  also the backservers were amazing....i have never seen such a great support staff.  & the biggest treat of all....they were playing THE SMITHS!!!!!!!!   i'm in love with avec & want to start a serious relationship.   xoxojust loved this place.  the wine list is right up my alley.  no large conglomo producers here.  just boutique wineries heavily emphasizing france and spain.  and don't even get me started on the dates stuffed with chorizo and wrapped in bacon.  good god, i'm getting hungry just thinking about it.  the staff was a bit uptight but knowledgeable; easy to forgive when the product is so beautiful.  and the space was gorgeous.  love the feel, love the food, and love the wine even more.  but hey, i'm an unabashed lush.foods goodEnjoying one of my free weekends with the wife, we thought that Avec would be a nice early dinner. Street Parking was easy to find, though Sunday afternoon also helped. Since it was early, we were seated right away. I liked the concept of No Reservations, this allowed fair game for all to grab a seat, also this created a flexibility that allows for casual dining. Price is in the mid range and the food was the same. My wife and I had gone to Longman and Eagle two nights before and Avec just didn't quite lived up to the hyped of other yelp reviews. We ordered the Hanger Steak, Cheese Platter (La Peral was the highlight), the Red Fish, the Medjool Dates, and the Wood - Fired Squid. All our dishes were good, but they were not great and left both of us wondering what the hype was about. I just expected to more and was just left wanting. Perhaps the expectation was too great and quality just can't be maintained. I think after the media publicity on No Reservations, the hype got even bigger. I compared Avec to Longman because of their price range, ambiance, and type of food. Longman definitely beat Avec by a long shot. Avec didn't give us any reason to come back, where as Longman's drinks invited us in and the food made us wanting to come back.holy cow. the chorizo stuffed dates? amazing!this place is awesome. if you haven't been, drop what you're doing and go immediately. unless you can't stand close quarters, in which case, you're out of luck.i went here with a friend recently for the first time.  the atmosphere is very fun (and loud), and the communal tables are a great idea -- but given the noise level, we sat at the bar so we could hear each other w/o yelling.  the service was decent and the food was pretty good, but i would advise going there with at least a party of three or four because the portions are too big for two people to try more than 3 or 4 plates.  the chorizo-stuffed, bacon wrapped dates were great, but the generous portions of chorizo stuffing overwhelmed the dish and made me too full too fast.  i LOVED the batter and fried cauliflower -- it was the most delicious cauliflower i've ever had!  and the cheese platter was pretty good (depends on which cheeses you choose though).  all-in-all, the food is great, and the atmosphere is appropriate for a fun place to go with some girlfriends, but definitely too bright and loud for a romantic date.we had a great dinner here. good service if a little serious. some of the dishes (chorizo stuffed dates!) are fantastic. some of the dishes (octopus salad - super sour dressing with oddly bland octopus) were just okay, and i'm not sure i have a sense of how to order next time i come to avoid the bad choices which is unusual! it seems like they are trying to get intense flavors into every dish, which is exciting but difficult to pull of consistently.Six of us arrived around 11:15 PM Saturday night. We were told that a table was opening up soon and we could order drinks and sip them on the sidewalk (the place was packed). 15 minutes later we were seated. Not bad.  I have eaten at Iberico's, Emilio's and Ba-ba-ree-ba and I recommend them all. Avec is a notch above all of them.  Don't get me wrong, Avec is pricier than all of them, but they have extraordinarily different tapas plates.  I won't go into it all, just check out their online menue. The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because the busboys are too exuberant, taking away our  wine glasses while we still had wine in the bottle and constantly trying to remove dishes with food still on them. Not that big a deal but we had an episode when one lady in our party poured the remaining wine in her empty water glass and then the busboy started to pour water in that glass. Aside from that, the food and atmosphere were awesome.I normally never write reviews on yelp. I read the yelp profile of almost every restaurant I go to before I go, but normally I just never find the desire to go back and write a review about a restaurant. Let me tell you though, I feel I would be doing a disservice to the world not spreading the word about Avec. It really can be summed up as a food lover's perfect dining experience. I went with my mom on our last night in Chicago. We were seated in the middle of one of their communal tables. Immediately the groups on either side introduced themselves. The group to our left turned out to all be waiters at another famous Chicago restaurant, The Girl and the Goat, and the group to our right was a group of food-loving professors. Both sides offered us tastes of their food, recommendations of their favorite dishes, and even the remainder of their bottle of wine. We spent the rest of the evening enjoying one of the tastiest and most reasonably priced meals I had ever had. The snail pappardelle was the best pasta I have ever eaten, and the fontina flat bread was simply divine. I would recommend Avec to anyone who wants a truly enjoyable food experience.